Quick note: Lawrence let us know that he and his team need a few extra days to complete the "before and after" watch case design document (i.e. a few days beyond this weekend). For those who were looking to dig into details of the changes made since the fit-validation watch case samples, please accept our apologies for this delay. I still expect the watch case design work to be completed by end-of-September so we can get samples/molds ordered by 1-Oct-2014. -- Chris @Marco Morbin -- we'll be posting updated images and details in the Kickstarter Updates. As a company, we have copyright legal issues which require that we receive the photos and updates from House of Horology directly so that we have posting rights -- so these photos are typically posted as part of our detailed "Updates page" process. The design team has really accelerated their photography the last few weeks and we should be getting a lot of great photos to share... We'll be showing off their work; no worries about that. Quick update: we had a fairly thorough status call yesterday, much of it centering around updated timelines. Anthony (HoH project manager) and I were representing Secret Labs and Lawrence was representing the watch case design team. The watch case design team is wrapping up the watch case right now and expects to have completed all but one CAD design issue within the week. There are some additional issues getting material data sheets, supply issues, etc. and there is one mechanical design issue remaining--but as far as the physical design the team is comfortable with the design. A few quick notes: 1. The watch case design team is working through the options for mechanical interconnect between the watch case pushers and the smart movement (PCB) inside the case. We designed the movement so that it can accommodate or be easily modified for everything from pushers to side plating (for direct pusher contact or buffered pusher contact or metal flanges that are themselves buttons)...so we have a lot of flexibility to fit into the mechanical interface that the team designs. We expect all of the watch case design work to be completed by the end of September, at which point we can either order new fit validation samples or move directly to molds. The design team is also putting together updated prices for the watch cases to get us the best materials within our fairly large $25/watch-parts budget. We'll be able to narrow down the case material selection (from primarily premium polymers and ceramics) so that we make the proper kinds of molds and will be able to update our official estimated schedule based on the lead times of the molds and samples. It appears that the mold and sample process will take about 60-75 days (vs. the ~30 days it took for the last batch of CNC samples), so it may make the most sense to move directly to molds. We'll be relying on the expertise of the watch case team to make that call shortly. One final note: this spring, House of Horology switched watch ODMs and we effectively started over the 45-60 day process of moving the watch case from prototype to sample. I brought an MBA, Anthony, on-board to make sure that House of Horology and their new design team at Winson got the support they needed and the organizational focus to move the watch case to completion efficiently. That process appears to be winding down now, and Anthony will be wrapping up his work this month as well. He has done a great job coordinating between Secret Labs, me and the House of Horology+Winson design team these last few months and has spent a lot of early mornings and days providing a lot of support for this project--and I personally want to give him a huge thank you for his amazing work. The design team will be turning in design details later this week detailing the differences between the first fit-validation samples and the new samples, identifying each issue that they discovered and how they were remedied. Some of these were covered in update #22--and we'll roll the remaining updates into update #23. I know that our team is way over our estimated dates on the physical parts for this project and I really appreciate the generous patience of our backers. As we receive watch cases we will expedite the final integration stage and share details of that process so we can all get this cool new smartwatch technology and product into production together. Chris P.S. Thank you to all the backers who have reached out with offers of help and expressions of support. We're very blessed to have such a great group of backers. I'm humbled by your kindness. Typo correction: These numbers do not include any of the watch case or other mold fees, engineering or management costs, etc. For those of you who like numbers, here is a recent budget update for the physical rewards. We already purchased a lot of these parts last year in anticipation of November 2013 production (including lots of extras of some components). This is a level of pricing detail that is usually very confidential--but we wanted to share it in the spirit of Kickstarter. We do have agreements in place which prohibit us from sharing costs of specific parts. If we have any supply analysts amongst us who want to drill down they will probably enjoy estimating the breakdown. :) AGENT Smartwatch (AGENT001): $118.34 each NOTE: the design team is currently working on pricing; current estimates put this quite a bit higher. This amount is with aggressive volume discounts. Custom Qi travel chargers: $25.57 each Shipping: $15.00-$20.00 each (averaged between international and domestic USPS shipments; may end up being higher based on packaging volume) And another interesting number... Estimated certification costs: $75,000 These numbers do not include any of the watch case fees, mold fees, engineering or management costs, etc. Quick interim update: the design team made a design change to the watch case bezel this week which creates a cutout for the display's cable. I understand that we may have made additional changes to the interior bezel wall as well but the design team has not yet submitted updated design drawings. We have also made a lot of progress on selecting a site for the AGENT fulfillment/service center. This is a fairly involved project that is taking a few months to complete; I am looking forward to taking some photos soon as we get things set up. With AGENT, we have undertaken a sophisticated technology project together. As the watch case design gets completed, we can wrap up final integration and move into certification testing and production. We can dig into the operation of the AGENT fulfillment/service processes. And we can get physical rewards out to our very awesome backers. Thank you for making this all possible, -- Chris @Simon -- I do not understand all the anger, but I still appreciate you supporting our project. I do not expect you to react kindly to my gratitude or believe it to be sincere. I assume that you are posting largely out of frustration and/or misinformation. I hope to one day be able to share some happy moments with you as well, to balance things a bit. @Roma -- that's some great ASCII art. Thank you for sharing that (as art). @Roma -- regarding budget: for the AGENT Smartwatch project so far, we have paid over $60,000 to House of Horology. We have additionally spent more than $40,000 supporting the watch design team, in mold and sample fees, in supply chain research for the watch case, etc. This amount of investment far exceeds the design and mold fees quoted to us by leading Asian watch ODMs (who make watches for major US watch brands) but our hope and expectation is that this up-front investment (plus the additional revenue HoH expertly negotiated for and can earn based on timely delivery and excellent work) will bring our project a great watch case with high quality. Thank you for helping encourage the HoH+Winson design team, rather than tearing them down. I am not interested in throwing team members under the bus, and I thank you for your kindness and support. @Christopher Hammond -- regarding timelines: the Secret Labs team is currently doing design and engineering work on what will become AGENT OS v2.0 in parallel to the seemingly-mountainous task of getting the space set up for what will be the AGENT warranty/service/fulfillment center as well as management, backer engagement and more. Most of the remaining hardware work and related final integration work on our project has dependencies on the watch case being completed. Last week I asked our team for status and updated estimated timelines on completion of the watch case so that we can update the remainder of our timeline. House of Horology e-mailed their SL project manager on Friday morning promising an update within 24 hours. We have not received that update four days later. Both their project manager and I called into this morning's regularly-scheduled conference call and waited for 30 minutes but no representatives from the HoH team joined in. The delay on the timeline and status updates may be in part due to HoH's travels back from the annual HKTDC Hong Kong Watch & Clock Fair. I am working with our watch case design team to get an updated schedule and hope to be able to update backers on the larger overall schedule this week. If I do not receive an updated timeline from the design team then I will assign them one and we can work off of that. @Mehmed Bayram -- from Chris -- our team is made up of managers, electrical/software/industrial/mechanical engineers, watch designers and more. It takes quite a few people with various skills to put a huge project like this together. I do not deserve credit for all their hard work, and I am grateful for the work the team is putting in to get the AGENT Smartwatch onto the production line. @Mehmed Bayram -- from Chris: we try to ensure that all information we present here on Kickstarter is accurate. We're human and not infallible, so I can't promise we'll ever need to correct ourselves. Stay tuned to our Kickstarter Updates; you'll find official and accurate info on the project there. Are we experiencing delays on the road to production? Yes. But we set out to build something great together, and we're continuing down that path. Our project team knows that I and backers expect a lot of them; I am confident that the resulting physical rewards will be worthy of the journey, regardless of challenges along the way. @Rogers Pessin -- I personally apologize for the delays on this project and I sympathize with your frustration. I can assure you that our team is busy pushing the AGENT Smartwatch into production, albeit much slower than we anticipated. I am very proud of what our engineers put together (expeditiously even, as you can see from the first few months of project updates) and I expect that we will be able to collectively be proud of the finished product as well. I look forward and will continue pushing our team to get into production--and really appreciate both your support and patience as we get to that finish line. -- Chris @Matthew Searle -- to clear up any confusion, we have several conference calls between Secret Labs and House of Horology every week. While the watch case portion of this project is a minority piece of the overall work product, it is very important and we want to make sure they are well supported as they do their magic. We even assigned a project manager to provide support to the design team earlier this year. We are deeply engaged with the watch case design team and House of Horology is busily working with their subcontractor Winson Watch to get things hammered out. I know that the delays are frustrating, but any rumors that our team members are not working on the watch case and strap regularly are inaccurate. Things are moving along, and I will continue pushing our team to wrap things up with high-quality and professionalism. I only care about success. I want to see physical watch rewards shipping very soon, and I want them to be products that we can all be proud of. @Alex -- we're here for you, responding to a lot of PMs from backers, and working to get AGENT ready for production. Part of our team is in Hong Kong this week and there is a lot of activity going on getting the watch cases wrapped up. I expect to have some official updates soon for backers and am looking forward to getting these units into production with your support. Thank you, sincerely, for your enthusiasm. Simon -- I'm out of office traveling on business this week (including AGENT work), but am logging in from Wifi on the road to post a quick response. It is important to make a few things very clear. First of all, our goal has always been to deliver rewards by last December. As you can see from the first few months of posts, we spent a ton of time and money pushing the hardware development to get the project completed quickly. The second-hand reports I'm seeing here contain a lot of inaccuracies. As project manager for the whole project and team leader over the entire team, I'm not interested in tearing down any of our team members. What I am interested in is success. Delays on this project are costing us significantly. They're extremely frustrating to us--and I can tell that long delays are frustrating to you too. It is true that process and organizational requirements of hardware R&D may frustrate some people and may be perceived as "delays"--but that should be far offset by the benefits of being organized and building a product which is mass-manufacturable, high-quality, and worthy of our collective pride. Let's root for the team to succeed and get this project wrapped up; let's move the wearables industry forward together. As frustrating as it may be to watch the process from the outside, and as much as presumably all of us want to see this product shipped already, we are building something great here together. From Chris -- sorry for any drama today, everyone. It sounds like it was a very emotionally stressful day, especially for the watch case design team. [I understand that they ended the day on a high note, with kudos for the case back revisions and a lot of action by the design team on the bezel.] I haven't been able to catch up on all the comments, but as someone mentioned we did bring an MBA on board earlier this year to help provide support and organizational assistance to the watch case team. Our internal management has an average of three conference calls a week with House of Horology. I was not scheduled for last Friday's conference call, but I followed up earlier today with our HoH Project Manager and have asked to be scheduled onto a call in the next few business days so I can understand any frustration that came out of last week and help Lawrence feel our appreciation for his and his team's efforts. It is true that we have asked the watch case team to create something great--which they have expressed both their desire and willingness to do. Some days there's a lot of corresponding stress. They're a mix of creative and technical types--and stress can be crippling for some while being empowering for others. I hope that we, as a community, can offer them our encouragement and appreciation to help reduce the stress level. We all want to build a great smartwatch. We all want the watch case design team to succeed. And we all want great physical rewards for backers. Onward. A few quick updates to keep backers in the loop... We received the first silicon rubber production samples this month, in a variety of colors. A number of issues have been fixed since the previous run and the stitching is looking pretty great, but there are a few issues remaining. We'll include some photos and more details in this weekend's Update #22 over on the Updates page. We also got a big update from the watch case design team (House of Horology + Winson Watch) this week, indicating that they've remedied issues from the previous production samples. We'll include more details about that in this weekend's Update #22 as well. Thanks to everyone for their patience while our team gets the watch case and watch strap design issues hammered out. @Giovani Delgado -- from Chris -- to clear up any confusion regarding AGENT and Windows Phone 8.1 Update 1 (which is currently in developer preview): we're really excited about what the Windows OS team has built and we are taking advantage of many of its exciting new "wearable companion" features. Secret Labs staff have been working with Microsoft platforms for a really long time and we've gotten to know a lot of people in Redmond over the years. We work with Microsoft teams (including notably our collaborations on embedded platforms)--and when asked we provide feedback on wearables, IoT, etc. Microsoft seems to be committed to being both engaged and a thought leader in the IoT space; I've been pretty impressed with the work they've been doing this last year or so. Quick update from Chris: the case design team watch gurus (House of Horology + Winson) have been working on the fixes for the watch case and seem to be getting close to wrapping things up. We are coordinating for an update, for drawings of the final proposed fixes, etc. in the next few days. I'll include the latest news in the August Kickstarter Update. On another big topic: to prepare for production we've spent much of the last few weeks looking at spaces for AGENT final assembly, testing and warranty/service work. It won't be a huge space, but it should work efficiently for our initial requirements; we're looking at about 1,000 square feet of space in total. Unfortunately a lot of the spaces we've been looking at only have standard commercial doors which aren't quite wide enough for loading in some of the equipment we need for final assembly and testing, but we've found a few potential gems and have a few final spaces to explore in the next two weeks. As we get set up, I can take photos to share. Also, regarding the third watch case sample... We never did receive it from China (which really frustrates me, since we paid both for it and for its FedEx Express delivery). Apparently the sample's parts were made though--although not shipped to us. So the good news there is that the design team is using that sample to do some CNC edits on it to test out the design fixes. Once those are completed and validated, we can double-check all the revised drawings, technical specs and material datasheets and then do final fit-validation. @spaztastic -- just to be clear, the fit-validation samples are just for fit validation and preliminary testing. They are not marketing photos of a finished product. @Jorge -- there is a large gasket sealed between the case and case back which provides a pressure seal. @Ovsep Ambartsumyan -- please, no hammers. If you don't want your reward for some reason we'll help find it a good home. I know that the delays are frustrating--but we wanted to share the news with you as it is, not as we wish it was. We're aiming for better news in the next update. @Jeffry Moore -- we filmed videos of the original prototypes running apps that backers had created, during the Kickstarter fundraising video. The original prototypes are beat up and it might take some work to get them working with our developer tools again (which evolved since then), but if you really want us to pull those out for videos we can find some time to do so and do that again. We were pretty thorough with videos of apps, Bluetooth, etc. -- including demos and coding sessions in front of crowds and with code written by 3rd-parties. Head over to our Facebook page and scroll way down if you'd like to watch. @Matthew Searle, @Daniel Jeantou -- metal straps can create weird issues with the Qi charging. It may be possible--but it won't be an option with the watches themselves. Leather or silicon rubber are options though. @Pekka Niskanen -- quite a few watches cost less than $50 to build (and retail for up to $300, at a 500% watch industry markup). In our case we're currently more than double that, and would be in the $600+ price category if MSRP wasn't based on slimmer consumer electronics margins. @spaztastic -- from Chris -- frustrating, yes. BTW, the middle stainless steel samples (for backlight fit validation) were made in the USA, by Proto-Mold. But for the fit-validation watch cases it makes sense to use the actual watch case manufacturer so they can work out any issues; we also reduce risk for production molds that way. @Jason Mauer -- glass is a premium case back material for watches. A lot of expensive watches have glass backs (or glass windows, sometimes mated with screws). We're trying to avoid the "cheap plastic back" look that most smartwatches have. That special glass is pretty pricey. @Richard Pope -- thank you very much for your post. @Roma -- science note: ceramics is a class of materials. We're looking at options there and premium options in the polymer class as well. @Trogdor -- from Chris: glad to have you as a backer. Please don't burninate any watches; Lithium batteries and fire don't mix. @Andreas B.Hansen -- the Windows Phone support on AGENT is best-in-class. We're working on an even deeper level of .NET + WP integration for AGENT OS vNext, although that's not scheduled for release soon. @Matthew Lawrence -- the fit-validation watches are thicker than spec. For production we'll slim that down. More details in Update #21. @Ian Smith -- sorry for the delays. Our team is working to get this wrapped up. Thank you for your patience. @Chris Jutting -- thanks for the sanity check :) @Daniel Chang -- the light guide film supplier wasn't able to get their tech working within three months of our deadline, so we moved to the next best option (which ended up being a nicer design in some ways than the light guide film). @Christopher Meier -- we're posting smaller updates here, in between the bigger Updates page updates. We could have made that smaller update the "big monthly one" but we wanted to get the big news--the watch case samples--the messaging priority. We'll try to roll the smaller updates into other big updates where it makes sense to do so. Thanks for following along with the mini-updates; please continue providing us with your feedback. Much appreciated. @Richard -- sorry for the extra delay on today's update. Hopefully the depth of content helped make up for any wasted time refreshing yesterday. @Brandon Middleton -- from Chris: most respectfully, please keep the discourse civil :) I don't mind taking (verbal) beatings on behalf of the project, but some other backers may feel uncomfortable hanging out here when things get downright un-civil (as expressed by quite a few backers the last few weeks). We appreciate that you're a backer of our project and we hope we can change your mind about the negatives. @Dave VanderWekke -- thanks again for taking time for dinner a while back. It was nice meeting your wife. You're a pretty swell husband to take such an interest in her interests :) @Daniel Chang -- to clear up any misinformation...the charger has been done since last year. We did pre-Qi testing on it over half a year ago. The hardware work being done now is mostly to wrap up the watch case and then respin the smart movement as necessary to fit that final watch case. We designed all the core hardware quite a while ago at this point. @Matthew Searle -- not to beat a dead horse, but to be clear: we built smart movements based on the core design for the electronics a year ago. We built devboards using similar circuitry before the Kickstarter campaign even began--on which we ran real apps from backers during the campaign. It is true that we have hit some bumps in the road, but the technology integration was done very early on in this project. @Matthew Searle -- regarding post-delivery support: once we start shipping AGENT Smartwatches to consumers, we'll start making a profit. With profit we can hire people to write new code. Right now we're doing some of this on a shoestring budget, so it will be good to start selling watches at some point and having a real budget to do that with. @Pekka Niskanen -- as you surmised, the AGENT Smartwatch is really expensive to manufacture compared to other smartwatches. We're really close to having to raise the MSRP beyond $249 and working hard to keep that price point. Watch cases are a big part of that cost (and Lawrence has been doing a lot of negotiating on price recently...thank you Lawrence). In essence, our smartwatch costs more to build than some smartwatches sell for at retail (after 150% markup). Chris @Wayne Daniells -- we like both you and Daniel Chang. Discourse is good. Misinformation is bad. Thank you both for your support and for your participation here in the Comments section as well. @Maaz Mansori -- from Chris: thanks for sticking up for your fellow backers. We don't agree with everything Roma says, but being called Hitler is definitely over the line. Hitler was one bad dude. @Dominic -- we included more photos in the latest update. If you liked those, please let us know and we'll keep snapping photos. @Matthew Searle -- we don't want to rule out any materials until our tests are complete (which requires real molds, which are made after the fit-validation samples are approved). We've seen too many Kickstarter projects make commitments to things only to find out that they didn't work out later and disappoint backers--or something better is possible but some backers are really in love with the lesser choice. We want to have good data (and good pricing data) before we make those final calls. @Ben Norris -- was there something in the original pitch that we said was done--but wasn't actually done? We tried to be very clear; I apologize if there was any miscommunication there. I know that while we got off to a great start crossing off milestones things have slowed down with the custom components; custom components are rough that way--although few of us would have guessed that there would be this much work required to get them into production. We're really sorry about the delays there, and I'm pushing the team pretty darn hard to get the final details wrapped up. @Rick Wicker: "I'd avoid hanging out with people who asked how much my watch costs." Good point. :) @Richard -- to be clear, the Qi charger design was wrapped up last year. And the first production-quality smart movements were built last summer. The reason you aren't seeing a bunch of charger updates is because, well, it's been ready for production for a while now. It works really well, actually. @IOso -- that's what we're here for! Thanks for the PM and the thank you note. @jafrederick -- from Chris -- we're really sorry about the delays. I'm pushing the team pretty hard (some days almost to the breaking point it seems) and hope to have some more good news for you soon. @Alex J -- great points; thanks :) @Robert Holbert -- the goal is to get accurate information to backers while enabling our team members to do their jobs effectively. Roma and Adam just ask lots of questions, as was requested by other backers, and share what they find interesting. @Chucky -- did we get your PMs answered? I believe we are caught up on PMs. @Richard -- that's some pretty awesome ASCII art :) @Daniel Chang -- interestingly, as you probably guessed, the electronics that go into the watch are still pretty darn expensive a year later. I think they may have dropped by 1%, maybe. Like you guessed, we're using nice components that don't drop off in price quickly, and the microcontrollers and screens and light sensors and more that we're using remain best-in-class. @Daniel Chang -- we can only link Facebook personal accounts to Kickstarter, not Facebook Pages. Unless something has changed. If so...we'd love to do so. @Bram Ueffing -- thanks for the kind words! @Tomasz Mikolajewski -- thank you for your post. Please keep providing us with feedback, good or bad. :) @Brandon Middleton -- how can we be of assistance? @Kueh -- the screws in the case back shouldn't dig into your arm. Screws are used frequently with watch cases; it shouldn't be a problem. @Richard -- glass is a great material because it's not a major allergy concern, it's significantly more premium than plastic, and it's printable and etchable. A lot of nice watches use glass. In our case we're using it as an accent instead of a window. @Dheepak Kanagavel -- we're posting mini-updates once a week or so here on the Comments page. Let us know what you'd like us to focus on in our updates. @Maaz Mansori, @Chris Jutting, J., IOso -- thank you very much for your posts. @Brandon Middleton, @Pekka Niskanen -- to be clear, Adam and Roma are just asking us lots of questions and sharing what they find interesting with backers. Because other backers asked them to. It's that simple. @Kueh -- our plan for the back glass is to paint it with black on the inside and then add branding to the wrist-facing side. We'll be testing a few different methods for printing the latter. @Richard -- if they don't work out, we'll move to another material option. We're sharing both successes and failures here. @Alex J -- the watch internals don't fit in the first validation samples, so we'll do the pressure testing without the internals inside. We can test with pressure machines that don't use water--so it's safe to test either way. @Michael -- that offer is not endorsed by or part of this project. There's no reason someone can't offer someone else a good deal on something outside of our project though. @DigitalPH -- thank you very much for your post. @BarryKingLive -- thank you very much for your kind note! We'll be happy to continue with the mini-updates as long as you all find them useful. @Mirco Klein -- thank you for your post and perspective. @Matthew Searle -- the original plan (with $100K) was to build a pretty simple smartwatch. Most of that base watch continues to exist (in the watch case design, the backlight, etc.) but additional funds allowed us to reach for nicer materials, start work on AGENT OS vNext and more. These watches are super-expensive and we didn't build some big profit margin into the campaign so $1 million didn't give us a huge payroll budget--but it is allowing us to make the AGENT Smartwatch even nicer. @fmotta -- we'll try to roll up the mini-updates (especially the critical ones) into the big updates on the Updates page. We're trying to provide more info without flooding inboxes. I know that it's not perfect, and we'll keep tweaking our strategy to try to get you more info more frequently. @Matthew Searle -- right now we're focused on pressure testing the watch seals, pushers, etc. Once we have watch cases made in the target material candidates, we will pressure test those as our final validation. Right now we're just trying to head off any potential issues; there's no sense in waiting to pressure test individual parts that are done now in case there are issues. @Michael -- from Chris -- for the most accurate information on the project, please PM @creator or post here. If you'd like details on the charger (which we wrapped up last year), we included lots of those in updates #15 and #!6. Those chargers have been done for a very long time. @Srihari Paulsamy -- if you hold down your backlight for hours, your battery life will drain pretty quickly. We can run some "typical" scenarios once everything is finalized but if battery life is an extreme concern you can always turn off your backlight. @Dino -- thank you for the feedback. We spent quite a bit of time taking photos which detailed our current status in Update #21, and I'll see if we can shoot some videos as well. Please let us know how we're doing, and we'll try to bring you more of what you want. Thank you! @spaztastic -- thank you for the kind note. I'm glad that this last month's mini-updates were what you were looking for, at least initially. Did we continue doing a good job along that path? We're continually tweaking our communication strategy to try to provide the best info and best backer engagement we can while still pushing this project forward to production. Your feedback is not only appreciated; it is invaluable. Thank you. Quite update: House of Horology has submitted their full analysis of the watch case fit-validation samples and they found issue(s) that need to be addressed with the watch case manufacturer. We are combining their completed list with notes from the engineering team. Lots more details coming in Kickstarter Update #21 (which should be posted this weekend). Thank you all for very much for your patience. Quick update from Chris: we received the first watch case sample last week and the second sample (with the requested special enhanced-scratch-resistance lens) should be delivered to us by Friday. We've had two case design sync-up sessions with House of Horology this last week and Lawrence is finalizing their list of any issues that need to be addressed with the fit-validation cases prior to mold production. We expect to have that list and a schedule update in the next one to two days, and will be posting Update #21 once we have that information. [If Lawrence or his team requires a few extra days to complete their analysis and report, I will post update #21 by this weekend showing the watch cases and will then follow-up with the analysis results. We have a few photos to share and don't want to keep backers hanging.] P.S. For the engineers in the audience who would like to understand more about hardness, absolute hardness, Mohs vs HV, scratch resistance, and more: <url>"crystals") that are more scratch-resistant than traditional watch glass. We are similarly testing harder crystals for the watch's case back. There are several types of "scratch resistance" when it comes to lenses. Materials like Gorilla Glass go through chemical treatments which make scratches smaller and less apparent. Materials like ruby are simply so hard that most materials cannot scratch them easily. Put simply, only harder materials can scratch less-hard materials (with the caveat that adding pressure can increase abrasion). There is a popular hardness scale called the Mohs scale which is used by mineralogists to test the hardness of materials. This same scale is often used by watch makers to determine the scratch-resistance of watch lenses. The Mohs scale is neither linear nor logarithmic however so two Mohs numbers cannot be compared easily for purposes of absolute hardness. The watch design team has quoted the scratch-resistance of the candidate materials in HV (Vickers Hardness) which is an easier scale for direct comparison of scratch-resistance. Based on the quoted HV numbers, the main lens candidate we are testing is about 2x the hardness of mineral crystal (and more costly). This harder lens material can still be shaped, anti-glare coated, printed, engraved, etc.--all of which make it a great premium candidate lens for our smartwatch. The first fit-validation watch case sample shipped from China on Friday. The manufacturer had not completed the anti-glare lens sample yet, so we asked them to ship the sample with a lens made of a different material (which does not include the anti-glare coating) in the meantime so we could begin our testing and the watch design team could proceed with their work. We will photograph the initial samples and include them in Kickstarter Update #21 later this week; we are going to push back the regular update a few days to make sure we can include these important details for backers in the update. We may have some other quick snapshots or updates for backers in the next few days as well; I'll post those here in the Comments section to keep you up to date. -- Chris From Chris -- Lawrence Leyderman from House of Horology is in China this week and had a chance to check out one of the AGENT Smartwatch's fit-validation watch cases. Here's a quick photo of Lawrence trying on one of the fit-validation samples (with transparent test bezel), accessorized with a custom watchstrap. <url>#21. The samples probably won't make it here in time to take photos for an update before Monday--but I'll share some quick details here once they arrive. And then post photos and more details with Update #21 (which we'll hold a few days if necessary...if that means we can get some great case photos in there). I will try to catch up on the latest comments next week as well. Thank you to everyone who has written in and posted. I share your excitement (and your frustration) and am really looking forward to getting the watch cases into molding...so we can wrap up the remainder of this Kickstarter project and get watch rewards onto backers' wrists. P.S. we made the case backs for the fit-validation samples out of special chemically-strengthened, edge-to-edge watch glass. The design team is pretty excited about the design. They're awful expensive, but we are going for premium here: if the special glass backs meet all of our quality, pressure and beauty requirements then we plan on using them for production as well. From Chris -- a few quick updates... On watch case samples: we just received an e-mail from the watch case manufacturer; it sounds like the steel portion of the watch case samples is ready today. Woot! :) They indicated that the pressure gasket samples need an additional 10-13 days though (i.e. ready for shipment by the end of next week) but did not provide a reason. We have asked the watch gurus at House of Horology to find out why the gaskets need extra time, and we will be using that information to better manage supply for production (since a single missing part would mean that we couldn't completely assembly a watch). In the interim, the watch case manufacturer is PVD coating the pushers and may have time to PVD coat the fit-validation cases as well. On technology: this week we are seeing just how low we can push the "off" power consumption of AGENT. We architected its electrical design for really deep sleep (potentially less than one microamp of power). By nature, all battery-powered electronics with a software-based "on button" consume at least a little bit of battery power to sense button presses. But in our case we may be able to get the "off" current down so low that our consumption is below the battery's natural self-depletion rate (i.e. how much energy it would lose sitting on a shelf). Whether it's powered off while boxed up as a present or powered off because it's in your rotation of fashion wear, being able to wake it back up quickly with plenty of battery juice remaining is a good feeling. We're trying to polish as many details like this as we can. I will catch up on comments a bit later alongside Update #21 -- but in the interim I wanted to make sure we shared a quick update. We will be taking photos of the watch case samples as soon as they are in-house. From Chris -- a quick note on some of the fun stuff that's going on this week... Now that the watch case design is signed off on and the case manufacturer is making fit-validation samples, we're working through pressure testing procedures for the production line. Some manufacturers specify water resistance based on design specs rather than testing each unit, but we're building a premium device here and we're rather picky about quality. So we plan to hand test every AGENT Smartwatch for water resistance. There's a ton that goes into this aspect of production (including training, recordkeeping, re-testing after warranty repairs and more), but first we need to decide whether we are doing wet testing or dry testing on the watches. We also need to determine how many levels of pressure we will be testing (and if we will be doing negative vacuum pressure testing as well). Here's a glimpse at what wet pressure testers look like. With these, the quality assurance worker hand-pressurizes the water by pumping the machine's lever and then lowers the watch (already inside the pressurized chamber) into the water and looks for escaping air bubbles. These machines are used in many higher-quality watch repair shops and they provide a level of comfort that a watch conforms to the pressure-/water-resistance spec. <url>"was we use to clear the boards" should be: "way we use to clean the boards" @Shawn McIntyre -- [custom plastics in the case of my previous post was referring to charger plastics and backlight plastics.] @Shawn McIntyre -- great questions. Secret Labs is an electronics company that builds a lot of products (both SKU- and quantity-wise). We are an industry-leading ODM for IoT products which we can manufacture ourselves (at USA-based assembly houses) or work with clients to build at their preferred overseas assembly house. What we don't do is build custom plastics (although we're getting into that now with AGENT). Yes, we factor in panelization (which is a pretty basic part of making PCBs). These circuit boards are thin and small so our panels are pretty small (and we need to put the fiducials on the panels, rather than on the smart movements). For those who don't know what a fiducial is...it's a marker etched into circuit boards so that the robots which attach all the electronics chips have some way to align the board and make sure things fit properly; just like with GPS, you need several markers to orient things properly. We do have a costed BOM on the spin 1 circuit boards we built last year, although that is subject to change a little bit. The biggest BOM cost we don't know on the PCBs is the assembly cost. It's based on the # of parts placed on the board--but also involves things like the was we use to clear the boards and the amount of sanding required to create clean edges on the PCBs. We're not a multi-billion-dollar company, so we don't have a supply chain management department. But we do work with multi-billion-dollar distributors (we're a key NYC account for several huge software and microcontroller and distribution companies) and we do work directly with key suppliers and we do have four years of experience with supply chain logistics for electronics. Again...we're still learning the ropes with supply chain management on the watch case components side, but that shouldn't be too dissimilar by default. On single sourcing: for resistors, capacitors, etc. we have multiple sources. For microcontrollers we're using Atmel. For watch case components, coils and backlights we are single-source. The latter isn't something I would have done in my last gig as an executive at a billion-dollar manufacturing company, but it's what one has to do on a small project with a limited budget. Single-source does incur more risk, but it is also affordable and manageable for smaller projects. I look forward to the day where we have the volume and resources to dual-source all of our custom parts. @Adam Dzak and @Roma -- you have PM :) We can't appoint you as official reps or give you awesome dapper hats or anything...but I respect and appreciate your offer to help get more info out there (including the 99% of the meticulous boring engineering work that goes into a project like this) and we'll figure out a way to share more of it with you--which you can freely share with anyone else. @Kingwild -- thank you for your support. Our project is creating a premium timepiece that's very expensive parts-wise, offered as a reward to backers at far below selling price. It is not a typical smartwatch with huge profit margins. On your other questions: - You raised over a million dollars to do this project and you choose to part time it for about 10 hours a week? What were you thinking when you lured all backers in to this project with an estimated delivery of december 2013? Most respectfully, that is absolutely not true. We have spent thousands of hours on AGENT (I think I'm up to 2000+ myself alone by now) and I continue to spend 40+ hours a week on AGENT working with our team (including our extended team) to get it ready for your wrist. We had a plan which was aggressive timewise but we did anticipate delivering the first rewards in December 2013; unfortunately we ran into some supply delays on the custom parts that have pushed back those timelines. We're frustrated too and we're pushing to get into production as soon as we can. - You probably knew right from the start to you were never going to make the deadline. And you still choose to work with part time engineers. WHY?? Most respectfully again, we did not raise funds to hire a huge team of full-time engineers. We raised funds to build a premium product and our engineering staff is working as many hours as it takes to get that product done (full time or more some weeks, less when there's nothing required for them to do). And again, most respectfully, we did believe that we would be able to ship the first rewards in December. - One of the backers asked what would have happened if you only raised the initial goal of $100.000. Then you still had to meet your initial offer. I'd like an answer for this too. See the note above. There are things we're able to do with additional funding, but we completed most of the engineering work required for the baseline AGENT Smartwatch before we asked for funding through Kickstarter. With the huge investment we put into AGENT before Kickstarter (pretty much everything we could afford to invest into it--almost to the breaking point), and with the custom parts we originally planned to use, and with a more limited core featureset than we have been able to provide courtesy of extra time and extra funding...we expected to delivered about 550+ really nice rewards to our 550+ generous backers last December. I can sense your frustration, and I share it. Supply delays (which lead to production delays--even on estimated schedules) are no fun. I too yearn for an AGENT Smartwatch on my wrist. I offer you my sympathy and will continue leading our team to deliver what I believe will be something you'll love for your wrist. Thank you for backing our project and joining us as we make this timepiece a reality. @Roma -- the backlights aren't off-the-shelf units customized for the watch. They're high-efficiency (higher brightness per milliamp) units built from the ground up with our specified LEDs, optics-designed guide patterns, etc. @Joshua -- I just like Minnesota generally. Is that cool? Most folks that I've met in Minnesota and Wisconsin have been pretty swell people in my experience. I just hope that Minnesota is remembered more for the people and excellent food than for that TV series :) @Andrew Owendoff, @Christopher Burnett -- unfortunately (fortunately?) the majority of the cool physical things to photograph for our campaign were already completed before we started fundraising. Plus the circuit board internals (all of which were finished last year). It's unfortunate that the custom parts have been delayed and it does create a long hiatus here where we're waiting on the next "cool physical thing to photograph", so we're looking forward to getting those so we can start sharing more photos again. The vast majority of work for this project is in engineering (mechanical, electrical and software). The AGENT Smartwatch is an incredibly sophisticated, custom and premium piece of wristwear. Some of backers are super-technical so they enjoy the technical updates--but we do know that a lot of our backers are fashionistas and technical-but-not-engineer smartwatch fans who mostly just want to get their smartwatch reward on the wrist to enjoy. We'll continue sharing technical updates--and as we receive some of the new physical things to photograph we're ready and excited to share those too. @Backers -- thank you for all the questions. @Roma -- I'm happy to answer questions, didn't need 87 backers to ask the same ones--although it is great to get a feel for the most frequently-asked questions so we can get backers the insights they want most. Thanks for all your help. :) @Kueh -- as mentioned in update #20, the fit validation samples will largely use parts made from production or near-production materials, but the outer watch case piece will be made from fit-validation steel. Once we validate the shape and size and lens/case back pressure seals we can order molds--and then we will make production watch case samples using real candidate watch case materials. [Some of those will require materials imported from Switzerland that have 30+ day lead times...we're already addressing that.] @Shawn McIntyre -- updated schedule estimates are posted a bit farther down in the comments and also alongside update #20. We can take photos of the screen showing the CAD files which are being used to CNC mill watch cases this week if you'd like, but I think what you're looking for is a photo of the result of the work the watch case team has been doing the last two months. We should have those samples in about three weeks--and we'll be happy to take photos for you. We have also taken photos of the core watch circuitry (as seen on the main Kickstarter page and in the previous updates), provided screenshots of the SDK, etc. Most of the exciting things for photos will be actual watches--and we'll be close to that soon once the watch case samples (fit-validation and actual samples) arrive. I'm looking forward to being able to take photos to share, even if it's with a cameraphone. [And when we get close to shipping with final products, we'll try to take some professional photos so you can get a better hands-on feel for materials.] @Karsten Topp -- to help clear up the misconceptions that came through in your posts: we purchased a huge number of components (including really expensive ones) last year, getting ready to go into production with AGENT. We're working with watch case manufacturers and backlight design teams who make premium products that are not cheap. We continue to work full-time for our backers to get the AGENT Smartwatch ready for production. We are building something awesome together. Thank you for your support as we get AGENT ready for production (including the CNC watch case fit-validation samples we just ordered). @Joshua page -- thank you very much for your post and for your continued support. @Roma -- considering that I'm still up at 9:00am in New York (writing updates and responding to backer posts for the last 13 hours minus a quick sandwich break), being +14 hours from NY is no big deal. ;) Are you and Adam our official unofficial AGENT BIG team? [And is that a corny acronym?] @spaztastic -- most of the assembly will be done in the USA. A few of the watch case procedures require expertise and watchmaking equipment which exists in Asia and Europe. The circuit boards, assembly and testing of the final products, etc. will all be done here in the USA. As you mentioned, Foxconn is an ODM as well. They can help design products--or they can largely act as a manufacturing arm. In our case we are working with an ODM that designs and manufactures watches for a living--and we are using their expertise to make just the watch case components (and seal together the few parts that need to be assembled with their equipment). Some of those parts are made in Asia, and some of them may need to come from Switzerland. We're working out those details. @HUANG CHENGHUAN -- current estimated schedule puts start of reward fulfillment in October/November. We've included a more detailed timeline alongside update #20 (and below in the comments), and will continue updating the schedule as we cross each of the final milestones. @Richard, @Brent Roberts -- answers to Roma's questions are over here, posted in addition to Update #20 tonight: <url>"Gorilla Glass" (although many of them seem to be using the much older variety instead of what we've become accustomed to in modern smartphones--but the name is still cool) -- but those wearables were presumably designed to work around any limitations in the glass cutting. Gorilla Glass is pretty cool, but not an option for our smartwatch. We are testing some chemically-hardened lenses that provide scratch resistance while still being awesome glass for a smartwatch. We're pushing boundaries here, and look forward to seeing how far we can take the art of watch lenses for the smartwatch rewards. @Matthew Searle -- Kickstarter's Facebook link goes to individual profiles, not to product or company pages unfortunately. We looked into setting up the link early on. @Roma -- we do log into Kickstarter to catch up on PMs, etc. We get a pretty high volume of messages (which we appreciate--thank you to all the backers who have taken the time to write us) and it takes a while them all responded to with the attention they deserve. We try to catch up on the Comments every time we post an Update on the Kickstarter page--and sometimes more frequently--but we didn't see your post on the Comments page when we logged in a few days ago. Did we get all of your questions answered (on your post over on the forums--and copied here in the Comments)? @HECTOR -- thank you for your post. We're still here, working on an awesome smartwatch with and for our backers. Thank you for believing in us and our project and for all of your support! @Martin Berke -- we'll send you an official Kickstarter survey asking for your shipping address, but if you want to PM us your new address in the meantime we'll be happy to note it on your account as well. I know you were jesting; I just wanted to make sure we shared with your humor. BTW, SpaceX has a good chance of taking you to your new home; I'd love to hitch a ride if it was just for the weekend -- Chris @kcjnz -- let us know if you need any help putting together watch apps or watch faces. And please share them on the forums if you can; we're glad to celebrate your projects. Hey Team, We posted more details in update #20, but I just wanted to make sure that I posted here too for those that follow comments... The watch case team just signed off on the watch case (including modifications for tolerances and mating with the new backlight), we sent money to the watch case manufacturer for fit-validation samples, and they should be CNC'ing them for us over the next two weeks. When the samples arrive, we'll take some photos, start pressure tests, etc. Chris @Christopher Meier -- we just posted update #20 for you. @voiceofid -- to clear up confusion there: we ordered and received a huge volume of parts last year. We've run into some delays which are frustrating to both us and backers, and we're working through those. Most notably we're working with suppliers to get the final custom parts. Thanks for your patience as we complete this project together and get an awesome new cutting-edge smartwatch into production. @IOso -- we have posted some "behind the scenes" on the process to get custom parts made in Update #20 (in this case...watch cases). We'd like to provide more insights into the processes we're going through to get AGENT ready for production; please let us know what else you'd like to see. @Matt Mayatt, Michael -- quick update in response to your question: we posted an update on the estimated schedule below and also alongside Update #20. @SvS -- we tried mini-updates on the forums and offered to post them as comments, but got some pretty severe objections from backers. We may post some additional tidbits there (probably copied here in comments as well), but we'll focus most of the updates on the Updates page (which seems to be the most popular among backers). @Mohamedcheikhali, @Karsten Topp -- quick update in response to your question: we posted an update on the estimated schedule below and also alongside Update #20. @John -- response to your cross-posted question was posted in a response to your comment on update #19 (and the answer is in update #20). Please PM me if you have any other questions on the watch case review. @Karsten Topp -- you posted about watch case materials and antenna testing. We do know a lot about what doesn't work--and we know a lot about what does work. We've used that knowledge to pick some candidate watch case materials and we will base our final selection off of real engineering tests (with a spectrum analyzer) once we have assembled samples--along with final costs and risk assessments related to the materials. We're making a really nice product here--and we don't want to close any doors prematurely by picking a final watch case material without all the numbers. @Michael -- the leather straps are the same premium straps currently shipping on House of Horology's $600 Bedlam watches. We will have an extra-short and extra-long version as well. @Rick Wicker -- thank you for your post. As you noted, "holding pattern" is pretty much as-described. We can spend our extra hours working on new features for AGENT or tinkering and making small improvements, but the main gating items are the custom parts. [And thank you for taking the time to read updates and dig into where we're at...much appreciated.] @Adam Dzak -- no need to sign an NDA. We'd be happy to form a small committee to get more cool info out to backers, and none of that would be covered under NDA. [Also...we couldn't share most of the NDA stuff we work on anyway, as our NDAs wouldn't extend to non-staff-members and many of them are "need to know" only.] What's the best way to engage there? Please PM me. Also--thank you for tinkering with the SDK. More SDK updates to come :) @Brent Roberts -- Roma is an enthusiast and backer like many other backers. He's helped out a lot here by answering questions for other backers and helping correct misinformation which we appreciate. He's not being compensated by us in any way for that. He's just a cool guy. [although perhaps "just" is the wrong word] @Eric Gardocki -- I can vouch that Eric is definitely not getting any of the type of favor he referred to. At least not from @Creator :) @Brent Roberts -- you posted: "I think having a watch case is pretty important and something that, oh I don't know, would have already been taken into consideration and been manufactured." The watch cases were modified to mate with the new backlights--and then tweaked to meet water resistance requirements by the watch case experts. There's more information provided in the last few updates if you'd like to understand more about how the watch case was put together. As much as I'd like to build the computer before creating the transistor (or have scrambled eggs before chickens lay them?), one has to come before the other. Chris @Brent Roberts -- in response to your question about the watch case materials, here's a quick answer for you: <url>"This is a popular question, and I am happy to answer it again. We have designed the watch case with sufficient internal wall thickness that we can use any of several premium watch case materials. We will not know which material we are using until we have done RF and pressure tests and approve the final cost of the materials. We are not building a $3 watch case here; we are building a watch case which would retail for $100-$200 all by itself. Once we know what materials we are using for sure, we can write an update and celebrate the final selection together. The watch case team has designed a watch case compatible with several polymers, ceramics and composites. It won't be made of wood, although perhaps we should consider that for a special edition in the future. Wood is pretty cool." @Brent Roberts -- in your post you said "all if what I have just written is fact not fiction." That may have been specifically written to refer to a single sentence in your post. I respectfully and factually disagree with the accusations and statement, and most respectfully remind you that willingly posting misinformation is a violation of Kickstarter rules. I don't know how to say that more politely or without coming across as angry at you in some way. We want you to be involved; it's just not helpful to back a project and then tear it down and purposefully misinterpret and rephrase posts in an effort to rile people up. We are grateful that you have backed our project and look forward to continuing to move this product towards production with you. Please help us out by helping us provide the latest information to backers who ask questions here on the comments page, and we will do our part by delivering you a great smartwatch reward (or helping sell your reward once it comes off the production line). Thank you very much for your support. That may come across as trite, but we are grateful and we're excited to complete what we started together. @Roma -- we don't have final answers to all the specifics regarding integration with iPhone 5 yet, but we can answer those questions a little closer to shipping the iPhone client. @Brent Roberts -- we say "estimate" because that is the accurate term. This is a Kickstarter project, not a commercial product launch, and there are potential bumps in the road. We can estimate how long things will take and even work full time to move through every milestone--but I cannot make you promises based on the future. We provided an updated schedule estimate in Update #20 for you; we want to keep you up to date and we'll try to include schedule updates as we cross each milestone on the way to the finish line. @Karsten Topp -- to be clear, my point was that our prototypes were built using parts that Secret Labs designed, engineered and manufactured. It's pretty easy to pick up an Arduino and make a "smartwatch" prototype. That's a very very different scenario than our prototypes :) From Chris -- 7am, catching up on a few of the comments... There are too many comments to respond to them all, but I want to get as many as I can before heading to bed. @Ken Rogers -- thanks for your post. Based on your request (combined with requests from other backers), we included a "behind the scenes" section in Update #20 to show more of the daily goings-on that happens getting things ready for production. Most of what we do is engineering work, but working with suppliers sometimes ends up being a lot more involved and time-consuming than originally anticipated. BTW, I don't know if I gave enough kudos to the backlight engineers in my last updates. They have really gone above and beyond the call of duty--even helping coordinate with the watch case manufacturer, helping them understand some of the requirements for exchanging CAD files, making sure that mechanical tolerances were correct, etc. @Ben Baskaran -- how about a third option: a little money and a really nice smartwatch reward? We're pretty confident this is going to be a nice product, and we're grateful to be building it with your support. [continued from last post] Communication We love our backers. We really, really appreciate all of you supporting our project, and we are honored to be working with you. I personally look forward to getting to the finish line together and getting rewards onto your wrists. In the meantime, we are spending thousands of hours on the AGENT Kickstarter project plus up to about 40 hours per month engaging with backers. Unfortunately we are a small Kickstarter project without a budget for a PR person--or else we'd hire or dedicate people to engage even more with backers. Until we start shipping watches to retail customers, we won't have the kinds of profit necessary to staff up--but in the meantime we will try to get back to as many e-mails and PMs as we can--with the goal of engaging with every backer who wants deeper engagement. To be clear--we were able to keep up with responses on the Comments page but the volume of comments has increased so dramatically that we can no longer keep up with the Comments page (and also focus on getting these watches to the finish line). We will try to browse the Comments page to understand the kinds of project insights backers would like us to include in updates, and we will try to respond to some of the comments every once in a while. The sheer volume of posts is too large to keep up with and respond to each post, and there is no organization method there to efficiently deliver answer to backers, so we have also set up the forums as an additional tool to help organize frequently-asked questions. For those backers who have been following the project and can quote old posts in full to help answer other backers' questions, thank you. You're really helping us out, and we appreciate it. Together we can make sure all backers get the answers they're looking for and the individual attention they deserve. We really love all of our backers. We're not perfect, and we don't have either time or budget to respond to comments full-time, but we're trying our best to get this project to production (while setting aside up to ten hours a week to hang out with you, respond to inquiries, etc.). I know I say it a lot but...thank you so much for your support. Backers and bloggers If Adam or any of our backers would like to help out with communication, we'd be thrilled to coordinate with a few of you every week to help answer the most recent questions, get out some cool intra-update tidbits, etc. If a few backers are interested in doing so, please PM me and we can absolutely get that started. We don't have any official sort of volunteer spokesperson program, but we'd love to work with a few community representatives to help take care of our awesome backers' needs. Roma--did you also just volunteer for the AGENT backer intelligence group (BIG)? Thanks! Chris Hey team--I've been in some pretty intensive sessions with engineering and the watch case team the last few days, and didn't see the question list from the last week. Thanks Roma for pulling those together--and for everyone for their inquiries. As Alibek noted, here are some detailed answers to the questions most asked by backers this last week: <url>"metal faade" on the outside of the case with breaks in it as you mentioned--but I'm not sure how nice that would look or how it would affect the pushers, case strength, etc. The other concern would be finding a watch case manufacturer who had the appropriate tooling for such a design. And from a product perspective, the overall case design and component selection are mostly locked down at this point. @Maxim Enbaev -- the watch case design we are currently working with (from update #19) has the same outer shape and dimensions as the earlier prototype cases. There's no way to post images in-line with comments, but there's a quick estimated dimension chart on the main project page. @Ken Rogers -- thank you for your comment. What question can we help address for you? @Karsten Topp, @Michael, @Jussi Myllyluoma -- thank you for asking about materials. Some notes on that are below (in response to Roma, but I wanted to say thank you to all of you as well). @Karsten Topp -- while we think Arduinos are cool, we have never created any mockups with Arduino mainboards in the back. We did use one of the system-on-chip modules we created at Secret Labs (a Netduino Mini) in our early watch prototypes, as featured in photos on the main product page. Those ran apps in an earlier custom version of the runtime we are now using for the AGENT Smartwatch. The black devboards featured on our main Kickstarter page also ran an earlier version of the custom runtime we're using for the watch. There are some photos and videos of both from last spring on our Facebook page, running code including some code created by and generously shared by backers. On regulatory testing...as you mentioned, regulatory certifications can only be done on completed products. We have been using FCC pre-certified radio modules since the first devboards (as seen in the photos on the main page) to reduce risk in regards to regulatory compliance. @Roma -- in response to your question about watch case materials, I also added a quick P.S. for you related to update #19: "P.S. as mentioned in update #19, the watch case team added a little bit of thickness to the inner walls of the watch case. This helps maximize our options regarding watch case materials." @Roma -- thank you for asking about watch case materials. While we won't be able to make a final determination on materials for all components until we conduct tests on production case samples, we have learned a few things through our tests so far. You asked the question over on the forums (which is awesome, because now it will be easy for people to search for and find answers if they're curious); I posted some of our notes for you in response. Here's the link to Roma's question: <url>"Hi Roma, Thank you, and great question! On materials... For the rear watch caseback: as discussed over on Kickstarter a while ago, metal probably won't work since metal blocks/absorbs wireless energy. For the main portion of the watch case: the outer ring of the watch case is not in the center of the energy transfer field. We have tested materials from the four main categories of materials (metals, ceramics, polymers and composites), the one particularly-problematic material from our tests so far has been stainless steel. Because we're using the Qi wireless charging standard, and since we want the watch to be able to charge on any Qi charger, we've been testing with multiple chargers. In preliminary tests with our custom charger, we had some parasitic losses with our early CNC-milled stainless steel samples but were still able to get some energy from the charger to the power receiver coil in the watch. With other Qi chargers, we experienced intermittent charger failures which resulted in the chargers refusing to transmit energy; basically the chargers are detecting high losses and go into a standby mode. We discussed our observations with one of the engineers who works on the Qi transmitter chips, and he mentioned that the circular nature of watch cases might act as a sort of loop which creates an increased amount of intermittent parasitic draw. We need to conduct full tests on sample watch cases using new watch design before we know what materials will/will not work for sure, and then we can officially rule out specific materials. In the meantime--for the outer ring of the watch case--of the four categories of materials (metals, ceramics, polymers and composites) our focus is on the last three categories. As described in our Kickstarter fundraising campaign, we will be selecting the final material based on beauty and wireless performance. Once we have good data with production samples we can write up some of the results in one of the Kickstarter Updates. We are still too early to make a final call and unfortunately we just had to change the watch case to accommodate the replacement backlight--so it will be a little while before we know for sure." Chris @Minning Xiang -- from Chris -- are you SupperDog on the forums? We are more than happy to take questions on the forums and dive deeper into some of the work we're doing to get AGENT ready for production. We just ask that questions are asked in the body of posts and that posts use a polite tone, as we want all posters to feel safe and welcome. I believe you are referring to your post which asked the question: "I cannot remember how many times I have asked this question." It was the same topic as your previous thread, so I asked if you wouldn't mind re-posting the thread with the question in the body of the topic. You reposted the same post again exactly as before--so we went ahead and combined your post with your existing thread. The body of your message doesn't make a lot of sense without a question in it, but we did not delete it and we kept it for you. <url>#16: <url>#19, and monitor comments to gauge the reaction from non-technical backers. We love sharing this stuff; we just don't want to make non-technical backers feel like they have to be technically-oriented to use their designer watch reward. Thank you for your posts; please keep the feedback coming. @Brent Roberts -- The frontlight manufacturer was highly recommended by several people in our Fortune 500 supply chain. They provided the recommendation based on our requirements and because they believed it was a lower-risk path than creating a custom backlight. I am not going to throw people under the bus; we followed the recommendations. They only provided the best insights they could. Of course we spent money (on prototypes, paying for engineering expenses, lots of shipping, in-person meetings, etc.) on the previous backlights. The company who created our custom backlight was not an available option last year. And even if they were, industry display experts recommended the frontlight option as the lower-risk solution which also happened to be closest to our thickness specs. We try very hard to engage with and show love to our backers. We respond to a lot of PMs. If you have not felt loved, please let us know how we can make you feel more loved. The main Kickstarter page (<url>"really cool functioning prototype" to "ship-ready product". On your last question: I know it sounds trite, but Kickstarter is not a store. We come here and we pool our resources together to make creative projects possible. As a thank you, backers are given the choice to select a reward related to the project. Huge amounts of money are then spent on electrical engineering, software engineering, molds, certifications, trips to meet with suppliers, etc. The budget is set up front, and huge volumes of components were ordered up front. We do understand that life circumstances change and that some backers may decide they no longer want the optional reward they selected. If that's the case for you, once your reward comes off the production line we'll do what we can to help you sell that reward. If Kickstarter were a store and we were making a profit on the watches, it would be a much different story. We're here, participating in the creation of a really cool creative project together. The result of that journey will be what we believe is a really nice watch. We are grateful that you chose to come along on that journey. Chris @Brent Roberts -- there are no advertisements on the forums. There is no upsell. There is no hit counting. There is no registration required to view the interim updates or search through questions people have asked. It is another web page, another resource which provides additional updates which got lost otherwise. The latest Kickstarter Update is here, posted yesterday: <url>#19 on the Kickstarter Updates page--where it will be auto-emailed to backers. We will continue posting there about once a month. @Brent Roberts -- we are here, and we are listening. There's little that we can do to respond to negative comments other than post more updates and continue moving AGENT towards the production line. For any polite questions about the project, the product we're building together or what it takes to get something like this to production, we are more than happy to help answer your questions or provide more insights. @Roma, @Jussi Myllyluoma -- thank you very much for your posts. To be clear, the new "News and Announcements" section and "Kickstarter Project" forum is a supplement to Kickstarter updates and engagement, not a replacement. While Kickstarter has a Q&A section for projects during the fundraising period, there is no organized Q&A capability for use afterwards. And while Kickstarter has a mechanism for large updates that are auto-emailed out to all backers, there's not a good way to post smaller more regular updates for backers that want more more insights into the process. So we've created these new tools as supplements. Backers can continue posting polite questions about the project here as part of the community, and we and other backers will try to answer those questions or point them to existing answers. And for backers looking for a answer to a question, the forums also provide a quick and easy way for them to get answers to questions that have already been asked. I do hope that Kickstarter adds similar functionality to the core Kickstarter platform in the future; we would gladly use those additional features. In the meantime, we are striving to find better ways to deliver information to backers while we wrap up this project. There may be no ideal methods--but we are trying to find more and better ways to engage. -- Chris @Paul Shabian -- did we get your PM answered alright? @Joe Kelly -- to be clear, the new backlight is a custom backlight. It was designed specifically for AGENT, and it is much thinner than other backlights for memory displays. For reference--neither we nor Sharp (the manufacturer of the display) could locate a vendor offering off-the-shelf backlights for our memory display. @Robert Finnigan -- we will send you a survey closer to production, asking for your shipping address. If you'd like us to note your account with your new address just in case, please send us a PM and we can do that too. @Tim, @Adam Dzak, @Michael W, @IOso, @Rick Wicker, @Roma, @Jussi Myllyluoma, @Peter Kavanagh, @Ryan Sweet -- thank you very much for the kind words and for your support. @Robert Holbert -- thank you for your feedback on which kinds of third-party apps you'd like us to create. Items like Twitter and Facebook integration are on our shortlist, and we've been testing live tweets to watches in the lab. @Nicolai Kragh-Hansen -- Phillips Hue support would be cool. Today the Hue uses Zigbee through an IP gateway rather than Bluetooth. But a lot of similar devices are now coming to market with Bluetooth Low Energy support instead...making direct integration and intelligent a real possibility. @Karsten Topp -- Our Kickstarter project has both fashion-loving backers and developer backers (plus fashion-loving developers). The "Kickstarter Updates" page auto-emails all subscribed backers with every update: so we tend to do large roll-up updates there (with less focus on the technical details that are confusing to non-technical backers) to avoid overwhelming backers. We have posted smaller updates on the "Comments" page in the past, but Updates-via-Comments tend to get lost several pages down fairly quickly. So we have created an easy way for interested backers to get the latest interim updates--including details on some of the intense technical work we're doing on the project. If you would like all the latest updates: click on this link, sign in, and click the "follow this forum" button. Updates will be e-mailed to you automatically. <url>"The present and future of the .NET runtime for AGENT" <url>"News and Announcements" section we have created on the AGENT forums, where we will be posting more frequent updates to engage more closely with backers. Some of these updates will be "rolled up" into the official "Kickstarter Updates" which get auto-emailed to backers, and some of them will be additional information available to backers who want to be more deeply engaged with the project. So if you would like to stay on top of ALL of the latest-and-greatest with AGENT, simply go here, sign in and click on "follow this forum": <url>"Kickstarter Project" forum, where backers can ask questions about our Kickstarter project, while we work together getting AGENT ready for production: <url>"notification center" notification to a watch. AGENT is designed around a much more intelligent notification platform, but we know that some users really want that "firehose of notifications" (every e-mail and perhaps whatsapp messages)...thus the powertools. Our goal is to make notifications simple, powerful and context-aware. If there are specific notification scenarios you'd like to see supported, please let us know. If you're very engineering-minded and you know how those apps on your phone or your phone OS best forward those notifications to a Bluetooth device (MAP, SPP, GATT, BLE notifications, etc.) please share that too. Whether that can be supported in the core OS, in a first-party app or in a third-party app...we want to help provide you with the freedom to get the information you want at a glance. Chris @Frank Schmidberger -- we can't speak for 3rd-parties regarding what their apps will support, but if you're asking about features that integrate with smartphones...the announced feature set includes caller ID, lost phone alert, music control, notifications, etc. (as described on the main Kickstarter page and shown on the prototype watch in the video). All of those features will be supported on each of the three supported smartphone platforms (iPhone, Android and Windows Phone); some of those will be more flexible on smartphone platforms which have richer support for those scenarios. And many of those features will be supported on Windows 8.1 tablets as well. We are also looking at providing "power tools" for features which don't fit well with our user experience objectives--but which some of our backers have asked us to support. And we will be delivering additional features via in-field firmware updates and first-party watch apps. @Frank Schmidberger -- from Chris -- thin backlights such as the ones we've been working on (both the light-guide film plus the new <1mm backlight) take up to six months to design, refine, mold, sample, etc. We started searching for optical engineers and custom backlight manufacturers before the Kickstarter campaign launched--knowing that our size, efficiency, light quality and luminosity requirements were atypical. Yes, it has been a long and unfortunately bumpy backlight road--which has been frustrating. I am very glad that we will e clearing this milestone soon, with a custom-designed and surprisingly thin backlight that will serve our smartwatches very well. From Chris -- we were hoping to surprise you all with a cool upgrade to that light-guide film, one of a few unannounced upgrades, but unfortunately it was not meant to be. :( I am heartbroken that moving to another backlight adds another few months to the production timeline (since we need to make molds and test the new backlights). We are so excited about these fashionable watches and their cutting-edge technology and it crushes us that we all have to wait a few more months to get them onto our collective wrists. Some important clarity on the backlights: The new backlights are really well-engineered, thin and use premium components. They should provide a great viewing experience, consistent with our original vision. Yes, backlights do require more energy than light-guide film. Conversely, these backlights do not need to be turned on quite as frequently--since there is no contrast reduction (i.e. no film overlay). We will be making some tweaks to maximize battery runtime with the new backlights; we want to make sure you have a great battery experience. The road to production is taking longer than any of us would have liked, but we are building something great together. Made possible by your support. Thank you so much. Update #18 is live; so sorry that it took an extra day+ to complete and post. That said: there's so much that goes into the backlights, and we could only fit so much into a reasonably-short update. So we'll be monitoring comments on the update later today if you have any questions. Thank you all so much for your support. -- Chris @Paul Daly -- from Chris -- we're not exhibiting at BUILD this year. I'll miss you guys :( Too much to do, too little time. P.S. 3:52am, still taking photos for Update #18...thanks for your patience everyone; this is going to be a very late night. For those awesome backers who are watching for backlight news: we should complete testing of the production backlight samples in the next day, and we will be spending Sunday afternoon and evening writing Kickstarter Update #18 (all about backlights). The full update should be posted Sunday night--but it might be late night. Lots to cover. @Jussi Myllyluoma -- we're here. We're listening. We're testing backlights and working on software updates for AGENT. Kickstarter Update #18 (about backlights) is coming this weekend. @Laur Lhmus -- too early to tell what new value the pre-announced Android SDKs will provide for wearables. We know that Android continues to be far too energy-hungry for use in wearables like AGENT (as also evidenced by Samsung's switch from Android to Tizen), but it would be cool to enable wearables integration features on Android phones. Quick update: our supplier emailed us tracking info for our production-sample backlights. FedEx should deliver them to us shortly and we should complete validation tests by this weekend. Update #18 will focus on backlights, will be posted by this weekend, and will include photos and details from this week's production-sample backlight tests. If the backlights do not pass our validation tests, we will walk backers through our contingency plans in a backer-only update. Once the samples are tested, we will also be able to calculate and share updated estimates for our production schedule. This is going to be a busy week :) Thank you all for your feedback and support. - Chris Richard -- to be clear, the estimated 60 day timeline to start-of-production begins once backlight production-samples are in hand and meet specifications. It's the backlight production-samples that we've been waiting on. We should be receiving samples this week and should have test results by the end of the week (for Update #18). From Update #16: "Once the backlights are in hand and meet specification, it takes an estimated 30 days to finalize the watch case and build samplesand then roughly 30 days for Qi and FCC/IC/CE certification. Once we have passed those tests, we can push the smartwatch into production." P.S. Your avatar is pretty nifty. What does it symbolize? @Roma -- from Chris -- I'm a big proponent of free speech. I'm not a big proponent of free speech which makes other backers unjustly feel unwelcome. In the end we just try to respect people and show backers the appreciation they deserve--and know that things will work themselves out. On backer updates--we spend dozens of hours every month engaging with and updating backers; for better or worse we have to divide that time out between writing updates on the Updates page (6-10 man hours per update), engaging with backers one-on-one via messaging (sometimes a few minutes, sometimes a few hours) and secondarily responding on the Comments page (several hours reading and replying this week). We try to strike a good balance between all these update methods, but by the nature of the beast we will never be able to meet all backers' desires for venue or style of updates. We will continue engaging with and informing backers at least once a month via the larger updates in the Updates section--and also via smaller notes and updates in between big Updates via e-mail, the Comments page, etc. @Roma -- P.S. We love you and want you to feel comfortable here too. :-) Thank you as always for your support. @Roma -- please, please, no taunting; we want all backers to feel safe and comfortable here. :) As far as being perfectionists...we do try to avoid that, since perfection is the enemy of getting products out the door. We sometimes do go a little overboard over-engineering the hardware and paying attention to details though, for better or worse. @Cesar Del Pino -- The energy usage of a product is a sum of all of its parts' power consumption...so we've been paying similar attention to every component. That said: backlights are right at the top of the power consumption chart. @Chris Jutting -- backlight contingency plans go into place if the main backlight supplier cannot deliver. We will have quite a bit of backlight detail in next week's Update #18. @Spencer Kaplan -- we'll be writing and posting Update #18 next week. Stay tuned, and thank you for your patience. @Rena B -- as @Roma mentioned, we will be asking for your shipping address via an official Kickstarter survey later this year. If you're concerned that you'll miss that survey, you can also just message us with your new address. No worries. @Dino -- creating rewards for our backers is our primary production focus right now. But since the reservation list for watch pre-orders is longer than the backer list (and growing), you'll see a lot of AGENT Smartwatches out there in time. @Paul Tsai -- crafting a backlight from scratch which requires a third of the energy of a traditional backlight, is ten times thinner, and is well-suited for a super-reflective display which blocks around 99% of a backlight's light...is an unusually-difficult process. There are several lighting experts working on it, and we are confident that we have a road to successful completion, but for better or worse these things sometimes take more time than estimated. @Roma -- we love our backers. No baseball bats, please. That's the old style of business in New York. Or was it New Jersey? I can't remember. I'm neither a fan of violence nor mobs. @John -- I often log in to respond to e-mails, etc. I'm on a lot of airplanes this month (an estimated 20,000 miles meeting up with suppliers, collaborators, preparing for production, etc.) so if you see us log on but we don't get a chance to see the comments--please don't feel unloved. We may just be trying to catch up on backer e-mails when we have a good Wi-Fi connection. @Jussi Myllyluoma -- from Chris -- we will continue updating backers at least once every month with an Update on the Kickstarter Updates page. I did set expectations that we would update backers twice a month, and for various reasons we have chosen to post a large update on the Updates page monthly instead of writing two much quicker updates. For bad expectations I set regarding updates...I sincerely apologize. This is my first Kickstarter campaign and--while that does not excuse such expectation-setting--we're still learning the ropes. We are spending dozens of hours every month engaging with backers, writing updates, etc. but in the end--for better or worse--our primary focus is on getting AGENT rewards onto our backers' wrists. Thank you for your patience, and for backing our project. We're super-glad that we're on this journey with our backers. @Jussi Myllyluoma, @Rick Wicker and @Dino -- based on your comments, you have some good insights into what it takes to give birth to more-sophisticated technology products. Thank you very much for sharing your insights. @Chris -- once the backlight samples are approved, we will post something celebrating that milestone. The "Comments" page isn't actually an update page or a Q&A page, but we know that a number of very eager backers are logging into it regularly so we will expedite posting of that news there. We will also include it in our regular Kickstarter Update. @Rick Wicker -- your comment cracked me up. I'm glad that Jurassic Park was not a Kickstarter campaign, as the reward deliveries might have had taken on a life of their own. [Also...I can't even imagine dealing with German customs, trying to ship a live dinosaur.] @Dino -- we would _love_ it if Kickstarter added a few tools to enable project creators and backers to engage even better. For instance, a "milestone" feature along an estimated timeline where project creators could check off items and provide notes on major milestones would be awesome. And a Q&A section would be great. @David Scheip -- backlight contingency plans go into place if the main backlight supplier cannot deliver. There are a lot of moving parts there, with screens that transmit less than 1% of light from backlights and a fairly intensive design processes--so it is not quite as simple as hiring a new supplier. We will keep backers updated in a way that reduces backlight schedule risk. Regarding prototypes... To confirm: no, the prototypes were definitely not good enough to sell. They were, as defined, prototypes. Kickstarter's rules do not let project creators show renderings of what the final product is anticipated to look like, in an effort to make sure that this is clear. So we made a prototype (milled out of aluminum and powder coated) which reasonably approximated the final product--knowing that the prototype wasn't nearly as nice as what we planned for the product enabled by our backers' generous funding--but hopeful that it would help convey our vision of an awesome timepiece that we could build together. Regarding custom parts--our suppliers all committed to deliver the custom parts in time for production. A few were a little late (like the coils) but came through pretty close to schedule. The backlight should have taken only 4-6 months to create and is, very unfortunately, delayed. We're working through that now, and look forward to getting production backlights into production watches as soon as we reasonably can. We really appreciate your support. @Nicolai Kragh-Hansen -- while waiting for the backlight production samples to arrive, most of our non-backlight work is focused around refinements for the version one firmware and work which we were planning on doing post-launch for the first new-feature release. A lot of that work is not terribly exciting, except to non-engineers. As an example, earlier this week we wrote new code which allows us to patch the ROM (non-updateable) firmware that sits inside the Bluetooth radios. The Bluetooth radios work great even without the patches. But Texas Instruments updates the ROM on their Bluetooth radios from time to time to provide a better experience or enable new Bluetooth features--and even though it's not possible to rewrite ROM ("read only memory") we wanted to be able to provide those features via in-field updates. And the Bluetooth radios have a feature which we can leverage to push those patches to RAM when the AGENT Smartwatch first boots (and anytime we do an in-field update). Now that we've successfully implemented the Bluetooth radio update code, we have timed the patch process at around five seconds. And we feel that that is an unreasonable amount of time to wait on a splash screen while a smartwatch "boots". So we are speed-optimizing the process and creating a mechanism whereby we can update the Bluetooth radio in the background as and after the watch boots. This will create a much nicer user experience. Next we will be working through the security requirements necessary to deliver the patches to the watches--and we will be looking at whether or not we want to enable the patches in our redundant bootloaders. We will be pulling out the Bluetooth packet sniffing analyzers and doing some performance testing and sanity checks. That is just one task on a list of hundreds of little things we are working on to differentiate AGENT from the commodity smartwatch market. We believe that paying attention to the details is what makes products great. And of course, even though we are "waiting for backlights," that's a bit of a misnomer. It still takes a lot of hours in the week to work with our backlight supplier, help sort out mold and production issues, create contingency plans in case the backlight requires slight modifications to another custom component, etc. The process should be worth it in the end though. @Adam -- the custom backlights from our main are designed to consume an estimated third of the power of a traditional backlight. The supplier came very highly recommended to us by experts who work with the memory displays we're using because of this (and because it can take 4-6 months to create a custom backlight from scratch for these highly-reflective displays). @ymilord -- once we have backlights, we can finalize watch case molds. We need production samples of both of those to build fully-assembled units. The big hold-up right now are the backlights. We have several staff members and external resources working on the issue. @Jussi Myllyluoma -- We were expecting backlights almost two weeks ago, and our supplier called to let us know they needed three more weeks to resolve sample production issues. So we are now expecting to receive backlight samples by the end of next week. We also have backlight contingency plans, in case our supplier can't deliver. @Rick Wicker -- yes, you're on the right track there. "Black glass" is a term for glass which has ink applied on the backside to block out most light. This is done on many nice laptops to hide light sensors while still letting enough light through to sense if the room is dark. In our case we're using a premium ambient light sensor which is 64 times more sensitive than the alternative traditional light sensor and so we can measure a full range of luminosity (brightness) even through a dark panel. We are concerned about glass as a bezel material for quality reasons (scratching, the screw designs, etc.) so we've built a plan around using either black glass or a dark translucent polymer. Ether one can be pretty. BTW, the bezel is the front area of the watch around the screen (under the watch lens) which mates to the outer case. The early prototypes used a single piece for a combined outer ring and bezel, but a single-piece design (although likely less expensive to manufacture) can negatively limit material selection flexibility--so we use a two-piece design for production. -- Chris @Richard Hustwit -- no worries. Delays frustrate us all. We understand. We sympathize. We are working to alleviate that frustration expeditiously, with a shiny new AGENT Smartwatch on your wrist. @Richard Hustwit -- from Chris -- as mentioned in Update 17, if the production samples do not meet our spec requirements, we have contingency plans in place. Simply put: if the production samples are no good then we will reject them. The backlight supplier will then try to fix the issue. And if necessary we will have another backlight manufacturer make a more traditional backlight, rather than the custom high-tech backlight our backlight supplier has been getting ready for our watch. We will not use backlights which do not meet the quality standards we have set for the watch...and we will use a high-quality "regular" backlight design if our supplier cannot get the custom high-tech backlight working soon. BTW, the backlight supplier is here in the USA, and they assemble their backlights here in the USA. We do have component suppliers all over the world (primarily in Asia, Europe and North America) but we have tried to work with domestic suppliers to reduce schedule risk where possible. We share your frustration that backlights which were promised for samples in October (for FCC testing) and in volume by December (for production) are not yet ready for production. We are working along several paths to avoid having to wait much longer. We want to get AGENT Smartwatch rewards onto your wrists as soon as possible. Thank you for your support, and your patience as we push through this backlight challenge. @Chris -- once we receive the production backlight samples, we will put them into testing immediately. We will share those results and the corresponding schedule update with you once the tests are completed. We will be sharing some deeper Bluetooth technical details in an upcoming update. On your question about the watch case components: the watch case is basically made up of four layers. From top to bottom: watch lens; bezel; main outer watch case; case back. We also have five pushers (watch buttons) and the metal bars which attach the watch strap to the main watch body. We plan to manufacture the bezel out of a dark translucent polymer or "black glass" (depending in part on which one mates best with the lens--we don't want the lens to scratch the bezel). The high-sensitivity ambient light sensor will be able to detect the ambient light level behind the black bezel--almost magically. Here are the photo URLs from Alex and Stphane's sessions, one more time: <url>phane Sibu's connected devices session at Microsoft Techdays 2014: pic.twitter.com/cZjUDP9OmI <url>phane! @Jussi Myllyluoma -- the goal with posting smaller updates on Facebook is that we can do it without constant e-mails going out to backers. Most backers want occasional larger updates (once or twice a month) and some backers want more frequent smaller updates. So we're going to try to strike a balance, to help keep all backers in the loop with interesting and important data about the project and our progress. @Chris Jutting, @Stephen Ho -- pre-release operating systems from Apple, Microsoft and others typically come with NDA restrictions. So rumors are likely either made up and/or violations of NDAs. To that point--developers in those types of programs wouldn't be able to say anything; and developers who aren't in those types of programs wouldn't be able to say anything either. @Frank Schmidberger -- that is a very complex question worthy of several pages of charts and descriptions of how the developer tools work. For the purposes of keeping answers simple: AGENT is designed to offer best-in-class notification support. We'll support several notification types on each of the three platforms (including Caller ID, etc.). We're not going to turn on the "fire hose of notifications" where your wrist buzzes every few minutes...because that's not a great user experience...but we will enable third-party apps to do so. Our goal is to give you the freedom to choose how you use your watch and to get the most value out of your timepiece. We'll put together a more detailed list of the types of things that phone-based notifications enable before we ship, so that you can easily take advantage of these features when you receive your watch reward. @Chris Jutting -- the TDK module is a an embedded die version of TI's CC2541 chip. The CC2541 is the single-mode (low energy only) version of the CC2564 dual-mode (low energy + classic) chip we're using in AGENT. You want dual-mode; otherwise you won't get Caller ID and music control on all platforms. @Minning, @Roma -- no, the thanks belongs to you guys. We have so many awesome backers supporting AGENT, and those backers seem to be really generous, patient people. Yes, there's some occasional speculation that gets people riled up and sometimes (I will assume unintentionally or through misunderstanding) there's even misinformation put out there that discourages some of the backers. But by and large our backers mean well, are helping shape the wearables industry, and are going to be ambassadors of both technology and fashion with cool smartwatches strapped to their bodies :) @Lou Caputo -- I'm pretty confident that the AGENT Smartwatch will make it into your wrist rotation. Or become your main watch. It's great technology, a great watch and great looking. @Dino -- regarding developers... Millions of developers basically already know how to write apps for AGENT, since we've integrated a really compelling Microsoft-based runtime into our custom architecture. We are growing now into 10,000s of watch rewards + reservations. And we are delivering capabilities for app developers that lower-end watch platforms were never designed to handle. So we should see some really cool apps with some cool features. @Paul Tsai -- to be clear, we have already done preliminary Qi testing with candidate case materials and our spin 1 smartwatch PCBs. Based on those results, we're refining materials and testing some composite materials to select a case material that looks good and works well with both inductive charging and RF. But we can't make molds for the watch cases until we have final approval on and begin production of the backlight because our different backlight options connect differently and require slight modifications in the case design. That's why there is a dependency between watch case and backlight. So yes, to confirm...we've already started a lot of that testing, largely to help avoid schedule risk once the production backlights are ready. @John -- my sincere apologies if you had a comment disappear on Facebook. I wasn't actually aware that was possible. If it happened, it was a total accident trying to respond to your message or clicking a wrong link or who-knows-what. Please, by all means, re-post. Or shoot us an e-mail. We're here to engage. @Peter Kavanagh -- thank you for the comment. Having grown up in the relative countryside, that video made me smile. @All -- if I missed any comments, please PM me. I think I caught up on most of them, but I don't want any of you to feel unappreciated. I can't even begin to express how much your support of our project--and the product we're able to bring to your wrists and to the market--means to us. Thank you. -- Chris @Robert Holbert -- Regarding forum posts -- we're big believers in free speech. But we also believe in politeness and in moderation and in keeping things on topic in forums. We did have a forum member who posted a specific question to a specific individual (i.e. a private message) in a public forum (rather than using the private message feature). The title was in ALL CAPS and the post was about two words long. We left that post on the forums for a few days--just to make sure that it was publicly seen and that the author had the chance to express their thoughts--because we were trying to err on the side of free speech. After a few days we moved the post to the private message section and I wrote an individual reply to the author, to make sure their question was answered. I can't say if that's the best policy or not, but our goals with online forums are to create a community where people can express themselves without making others feel unwelcome (or violating any laws--which is another topic). We may also lock threads, sometimes temporarily, from time to time if emotions get high among authors of posts. And we'll give out warnings to users who continually need a little reminder to be polite. Those are pretty typical moderation items for online forums, and we do them because we want to make sure that everyone feels safe and has the freedom to express themselves (while remembering good manners). Regarding design and testing--yes, we did a ton of groundwork getting most of the "invention" done before coming to Kickstarter. No, that's not all the design and testing that's necessary to take a product from prototype (the units we showed in the video and in the photos) to production (the units that you'll wear on your wrist). Prototypes are really cool--but somewhat rough things. Our prototypes didn't have backlights. Their watch cases were prototypes--not water-tight cases. Their circuit boards were running on micros which already existed, not the awesome new dual-microcontroller architecture we designed and showed on our devboards. But we had proven out all of the concepts in prototype form over a period of a year or more before the Kickstarter campaign--so that getting to market was a case of refinement and testing and refinement, not a process of "how do we make this thing?" Regarding materials -- we have widened our test group, to test more materials. We'll talk more about these in updates. There are some differences in material compositions between 3D printed cases and molded cases--so we won't have final determinations until we test actual watch cases--but as we wrap up the material testing we can fill you in on what we've learned. Building a Qi-compatible watch has complicated this a bit because we can't just rely on tests from our premium charger...we need to also make sure we have an extra margin within the parasitic energy loss to make sure we work with any Qi-compatible charger. @Minning Xiang -- I'm really sorry that we've missed an update this month. We're spending more than full time getting AGENT rewards ready for you, and I didn't block out enough time in the schedule to get the mid-monthly update out to you. We will keep you updated as we pass milestones--many of which are going to happen pretty quickly. We may need to post some of those online on Facebook and ask those of you here to point them out to folks who are looking for an update, so that we can get you more info more regularly. This is our first Kickstarter campaign and we're learning here...thank you for your patience while we juggle an enormous project, work with suppliers, and try our best to keep you up to date regularly. We really appreciate your enthusiasm about the updates--and we want to find ways to get you more of them, more frequently. @Roma -- we're so glad to get that SDK update out. The .NET Micro Framework team has been working to get that out since December (and since Microsoft is headquartered in the USA and some of them are in China...they had to work around two sets of New Years holidays). We really appreciate their efforts, and we're really excited about the new features we can expose to developers. Stay tuned for some really cool capabilities that let developers do things on AGENT that lower-end watches just aren't designed to handle. @jeff -- the reason we haven't gone into detail on the backlights is because the backlights are using relatively new technology from a highly-recommended supply partner. It's a really cool technology and they've now provided us samples that work and fit in the watch--but we don't want to bring them bad press (in such a highly-public project) if they can't hit acceptable yields on their production line. We want to celebrate success, not point fingers at specific companies. If we can't make their backlights work, we will be happy to show you samples to explain why they didn't work out for our Kickstarter project--and then we'll pull in a high-quality but traditional backlight from one of our tried-and-true optoelectronics suppliers. But even then...we'll probably try to protect the original supplier so they can successfully refine their tech and get it to market without investors freaking out. We really want to see them succeed. From a spec perspective, the power consumption with those backlights is about 1/3 that of more traditional backlights. It sounds like that was something you had a question about. Regarding specific-phone-related features, how wireless induction works around metal, and all of your other questions...we are will make sure you have an opportunity to get answers to all of those questions. Sometimes we may put the answer in a future update for political, legal or practical reasons. And sometimes we may be able to share more info between updates. Generally speaking, we'll try to pack those answers into the Updates so we can focus most of our time in the lab and working with suppliers on getting the watch rewards into production. That is our #1 priority. Please let us know what questions you have and what you'd like to see in updates. We really appreciate that you don't speculate that we're dodging questions and therefore X or Y must be the reality. As we all work together to make AGENT a reality, we can create a really stellar community here: backers who created something awesome together, and can enjoy hanging out for years to come. Thank you for your support and for your enthusiasm, Jeff. We're glad to have you on our Kickstarter backer team. Wow, a lot of comments to catch up on here... A few quick things: 1. We're preparing the next update for the Updates page (which we'll post this week). 2. Our first priority, in engaging with our awesome backers, is individually responding to backer e-mails. So many of you take the time to write to us; we really appreciate you writing us and we love being able to interact with so many cool like-minded people. If you have a question which is not covered in the Updates, please e-mail us. [Sometimes we get a burst of e-mails and it takes a while to catch up--but we do try to individually answer every one of them. Thank you very much for your patience on any latency there.] 3. We've had some good progress on the backlights the last few weeks, and we've also lined up backup vendors just in case we run into any more production troubles there. We're pushing some technology boundaries with backlight technology...and that resulted in some challenges we maybe should have taken on in a future smartwatch instead of in this Kickstarter project. We are re focused on crossing the finish line--and so we've activated plans to ensure we get a high-quality backlight into your rewards either way. 4. To set good expectations regarding the Comments page: we will try to respond to many of the questions that are posted here in the Comments section. We hope we can respond to all of them. If we run out of time, responding to e-mails first, we may not be able to keep up with and respond to all of the comments. We may also cover some of the responses to Comments in the Updates. If you have specific questions and they aren't answered on the Comments page, please e-mail us. We are here for you. We want to engage with you. We're learning how to do that better as time goes on, and we appreciate your feedback as we learn through that process. Thank you all for your support -- Chris @Roma -- from Chris -- with a rubber band to "water-seal" the Glad wrap? Double-band? I'm pretty sure that Glad wrap would meet our induction requirements, unless the small amount of heat generated warped it. I'm afraid that it didn't make even the first cut onto our materials selection list though, for so many reasons. :) @Ovsep Ambartsumyan -- some case components have screw attachment points, some have seals, etc. Once we are comfortable that everything will fit together, have induction and RF test results, etc...we'll nail down the final materials for you. We'll also have some cool materials data to share. @Jussi Myllyluoma -- you are absolutely correct. Qualcomm followed in the footsteps of AGENT with their $350 Toq watch--which uses Qualcomm's proprietary wireless charging. No products in this category can use steel backs (for the same reason that pots with metal bottoms cook well on an induction stove). While we can't use steel, we'll be using a nice material for the back, similar to what Tissot and other non-commodity watch brands use for their non-metal case backs. @Roma -- great article, thanks for the link! @Dino -- as a fun price reference, the electronics inside the AGENT Smartwatch cost more than the entire watches (including watch cases) made by many of these other companies. We're incorporating a lot of cutting-edge technology inside the AGENT Smartwatch. @Dino -- on Gorilla-brand glass, we actually tested Corning's product last summer: their glass cutting house couldn't meet our precision requirements for a lens. Also, an interesting "reading between the lines" note: most of the sub-million-unit-volume products you see using Gorilla Glass are actually using the old, old Gorilla Glass technology which lacks the scratch resistance and hardness of the newer Gorilla Glass (including Gorilla Glass 3 and Gorilla Glass NBT). Corning does makes a cool product though, with a very cool brand name. -- Chris A sneak peek at the Atmel "Tech on Tour" semi-trailor. Atmel engineers will be crossing the country a bit later this year, with some AGENT electronics on board. <url>"we are evaluating several premium case materials for production watches and will select the final material based on beauty and wireless performance." We have to live within the limits of physics, FCC, etc.--but we'll pick high-grade materials from the winning material category. P.S. I hear that Unobtanium is really hard to CNC. I'd also be really worried about the insurance premium on a watch with an Unobtainum watchcase--and related customs issues. :) -- Chris @Jose -- next update coming this Saturday, late evening. I posted two mini-updates in December here in the Comments section, and are back to the regular updates starting with this weekend's update. @Akke -- yes, the holidays seem to slow almost everything down. I'm at CES in Las Vegas in meetings with a half dozen suppliers and other partners through Friday. Lots of excitement here about AGENT. I'll also have some cool charts to share from Monday's lab tests in Dallas in this week's update, for those that like diving into the technical details of tests. @Rick -- looking at your avatar, I swear I've seen you somewhere before. BTW, the FCC quotes we received from the test lab are in the ~$10,000 range, not counting IC and CE testing. Qi testing is more than $5,000 for the charger alone. We're trying to keep the combined certification test cost below $50,000 so that we can spend more of our engineering budget on product features. "Wireless" R&D can get pretty expensive. @Dino -- Imitation is the most sincere form of flattery. Along with you, our backers, we've set a very high bar for what a smartwatch can be. Once we set that bar this last summer, several companies (including the one you mentioned) have been racing to try to mimic some of the innovation and style that AGENT brings to the market. While they're rushing to try to close as much of the gap as they can, it's going to be a lot harder to mimic the innovative and much more expensive technology inside AGENT--or pre-emptively copy some of the surprises we have yet to reveal. We'll continue innovating--both with the smartwatch we're focused on now--as well as technology in the future, and they will continue chasing. And we look forward to creative new ideas from other market players, benefitting owners of all wearable technology. @Christopher, @Dominic - great feedback. For the next Kickstarter Update coming at the end of this week...I will snap at least a cameraphone photo or two of the latest watch hardware for you during this week's engineering activities. If the update ends up being too long with them, we'll post them over on Facebook and provide a link. I appreciate your feedback so far...and am looking forward to your follow-up feedback. -- Chris @Dino -- good questions. We want to include all of our backers in the process of bringing a product like this to market--so thank you for asking. A lot of this will be covered in upcoming Updates as in unfolds--so consider this a sneak peek at portions of the next few updates. On pre-production: large production runs like Xbox 360 or iPhone go through several phases of production runs. Smaller production runs (10,000s of watches in our case over a period of months) typically receive more hands-on attention and only have a small validation run before production begins. In our case, we'll be making about a dozen watches on a miniature assembly line for pre-production, and a few of those will be used for final Qi, FCC, IC and CE testing. On production: once we receive FCC certification, we can move into production. Actually we can start portions of the production as soon as we know that we passed the FCC tests and have filed paperwork...we just can't ship rewards until the FCC certification is in hand. We plan to start with shipments to early bird backers first. We have the capacity to assemble 1,000 watches per week, but the first few weeks are likely to start out slower while we optimize the process. These are premium watches so there will be a lot of hand-review during assembly. From a supplier perspective, the biggest risks there are on the custom parts (watchcase, lens, backlight, coil). We have already received non-custom smartwatch components from our suppliers (microcontrollers, memory displays, light sensors and accelerometers, tons of capacitors and resistors, etc.). On lens materials...the official specification is anti-glare watch glass (see specs on project home page). We have some even nicer lens materials on hand and will be testing them with the pre-production samples. If we can offer an extra upgrade to backers here, that would be really cool. We cannot commit to any potential upgrades until we know that our wireless performance is within specification with those materials. So plan on the anti-glare watch glass specified on the project home page, and if we can add yet another upgrade to this product then you'll be pleasantly surprised :) On watchcase materials...the watchcase is made up of several pieces (lens, bezel, main part of the case, buttons, caseback). The lens and bezel must be RF-permissive to enable Bluetooth communication. The caseback generally speaking must be non-conductive to enable wireless charging. Our preferred construction materials continue to be high-quality polycarbonates and stainless steel. We ordered expensive CNC-milled Stainless Steel 316 case samples in December for our wireless charging tests. The results of the wireless charging and wireless antenna tests will rule in or out which materials we can physically use. We're testing traditinoally-wireless-unfriendly materials just in case we can make them work...we're pushing technology boundaries here. @Tammy -- we're currently working with our backlight supplier to make adjustments to the AGENT Smartwatch's backlight. As reported in our November update, we had estimated completion of that task in October--but it has taken quite a bit longer than any of us anticipated. We expect the backlight modifications to be wrapped up in the next few weeks. Once the modified backlights pass our tests, we'll be able to assemble final samples, do FCC/IC/CE certifications, and move the AGENT Smartwatch onto the production line. That process is expected to take approximately 60 days. [And if the backlight is delayed further, we have established backup vendors and contingency plans.] @Roma -- thank you for the question. The remainder of our certification schedule (and start-of-production) is based on receipt of backlight samples which meet our specifications. Once our backlight supplier has completed the required changes, we can move forward with final PCBs, tooling, certifications, etc. There is roughly a sixty day process after we sign off on this final component (tooling, validation and a week of FCC tests). We estimate that we will receive production-quality backlights this month, which tracks for start of production during the second half of Q1 2014 (this quarter). If there are additional delays in backlight delivery, this will correspondingly affect that estimate (since we will either need to go through another round of tweaks or move to a backup supplier). In October, when the production-ready backlights didn't arrive as scheduled, we wanted to make sure that our backers knew about the delay and that this would affect the production schedule. As soon as we have production-ready backlights in hand, I'll be sure to post about that too so we can celebrate that milestone together. Then we get to move forward to certification, production, and reward delivery. That's the fun part. I know that our backers are extremely eager to get AGENT Smartwatches onto their wrists. We are driven to make that happen expeditiously. The wristwear we're building here together is a really terrific piece of technology and fashion. And while I'm unhappy that we've run into some of the risks and challenges we were trying to avoid, I'm also going to be really happy when backers' faces light up when they first power up their new AGENT gear. We won't rest until we get there. If there are any questions about the road to production, please let me know. We will continue posting official project updates at least once or twice a month, and I want to make sure we include the information there that is most important to our backers. Thank you as always for your support and also for the kind words, - Chris @Ralf Boeck, @Trond Klakken -- typo correction: that should be "FCC/IC/CE" testing, not "FCC/IC/UL". We do UL testing on some Secret Labs products, but those are generally high-voltage devices. @George -- We believe that quality is in the details. One of those details is the charging experience. We designed a custom Qi-enabled charger because we want your smartwatch charging experience to be best-in-class. Hopefully you never need to appreciate those details because it "just works" :) @Wayne Daniells -- stay tuned for the next few updates, especially those posted over on the Updates page. We have lots to share; we just tend to share it once each milestone is complete. Since all the pre-requisites for the charger are done, it has gotten more face time--but that will change quickly. Thanks for the feedback, and for following along with the project updates. @Joshua Ayes, @Stephen Mitchell, @Gaetan Gueraud -- we're posting quick mini-updates here on the Comments page between the detailed updates over on the Updates section. We'll have a new update for the Updates page by the end of next week. @Ralf Boeck, @Trond Klakken -- we're currently making final tweaks to backlights, cases, etc. Once those are all complete we can submit for FCC/IC/UL testing and certification. And once we pass those tests, we can go into production and start sending out watch rewards. We'll keep you updated. @W. Laging, @Chris -- watch cases are made of several parts, and we're testing induction-permissive caseback materials to enable a wireless charging window while minimizing eddy currents. A few mid-cycle updates for our backers: This week we're focused in on preparations for Qi pre-certification testing. We have booked wireless power test equipment for next Monday, and I'm traveling cross-country to evaluate the test results in person. To ensure accurate test results, we ordered quick-turn clear polycarbonate shells for the now-thinner chargers last week; and yesterday I received confirmation that those are scheduled for delivery to us by Friday. The quick-mold companies are only open three days a week last week and this week, so we appreciate them accommodating us. For the remainder of this week, our engineering team will be diving deep into the part of the wireless charging firmware which auto-detects the presence of the watch (or other Qi device) while minimizing "vampire" power consumption. We should have all related firmware tweaks locked down by the end of the week. I'll post more details on the latest project news (and Qi pre-certification test results) by the end of next week, via a regular update in the Updates section. Happy holidays, everyone. Chris A few quick mid-cycle updates for our awesome backers: These last few weeks we've been intensely focused on getting the AGENT Smartwatch, its companion wireless charger, and our premium watch case material candidates ready for Qi pre-certification tests. We have made the charger shell a bit slimmer in the process, reduced charging time slightly and enhanced charger safety. We are running preliminary sniffer tests here in New York and then heading cross-country for more detailed Qi pre-certification testing in a little over a week. We've also been adding some features to the AGENT SDK, finalizing the battery gauge calibration, working on backlight tweaks and more. We'll have more details in the next update over on the Updates page. And one holiday surprise, for AGENT Smartwatch app developers who love Visual Studio 2013: <url>#15 and the clarified some more in the update comments. If you have any specific questions, please post them there and we'll do our best to answer. We want to include you and we want to make sure you have the info you need to understand the process of bringing a product like this to production. @Christopher Burnett -- we're trying to run a different kind of Kickstarter campaign where we set good expectations and keep you involved--but we're definitely not perfect. We are trying though, working lots of late nights and pushing our suppliers really hard to deliver for us and for you. We are here listening, and we are looking forward to your hopefully-very-happy feedback when you receive your reward. And mostly, we hope you will be involved in the AGENT community for years to come. Our backers seem to be pretty awesome and we'd love to hang out with you all long-term and build a community together. @Minning Xiang, @Robert Holbert -- from Chris -- it's my fault for setting an expectation of Wednesday night for this week's update without leaving any wiggle room before the holiday; please accept my sincere apologies. We were up, after engineering meetings, from 10pm EST until around 4am writing, editing and posting an update but then ran into some technical troubles and reboot that wiped everything out. Being 4am and the Thanksgiving holiday, we disbanded for the night and then got back together this weekend around 7pm PST and rewrote everything. Again, sorry to keep you waiting. If there are details in the update which we missed, please let me know. For us, the Kickstarter Updates are like chapters in an unfolding documentary on the making of a groundbreaking product. If you'd like more frequent updates, we can share the smaller and breaking-news details here in the Comments section, linking to the forums or our Facebook page when the update includes media content. We want you all to be included and, unlike the main updates, quick updates are really quick to post. I can hear your passion and your enthusiasm in your posts--as well as your expectations. Thank you for both. and... @Harley -- Happy thanksgiving to you too :) @Joseph Lee, @Wong Kuan Suan -- we plan to send out the Kickstarter survey later this year once we have production samples and photos with straps in each color and material. We only get to send out one survey--so we want to make sure we get you the best information so you can personalize your watch reward. @Elad Rokach -- thanks for the PM! Let me know if we missed anything or can help further. -- Chris @Claudio Ibarra -- we'll ask for your shipping address in the upcoming Kickstarter survey, but if you move you're welcome to PM us with your new address and we'll make sure we update our records. @eliter1 -- the custom wireless power coils and backlights are coming in a month or so behind their estimated schedule; final case molds and certification can begin once those are ready--and production can begin once certification is complete. We'll keep you updated on remaining milestones in the schedule (qi pre-test, casemolds, production samples, qi/fcc/ce/ic testing, start of assembly, etc.) as the final pieces come together. @Minning Xiang -- coming soon; we're about four hours into writing, editing and taking photos for this week's update and have a few hours left to go. Thank you for your enthusiasm and my apologies for building up your anticipation. This week's update is about the new SDK and the wireless coils we just received; you can drop by the forums and Facebook for more info if you would like an early peek at the SDK. -- Chris @ymilord, @Dominic -- the next update will primarily focus on the November Preview SDK. Over the next few weeks we can shoot more cameraphone videos of apps and post those on Facebook or the developer forums. And once the production samples are assembled, we can do a few UI walkthroughs. Lots of cool stuff to be revealed still :) @Adam Dzak, @Minning Xiang -- we'll have more to share on how the app store will work after we wrap up the 20-Nov Preview SDK update (which enables sensor access for watch apps). But basically...you'll be able to download watch apps to your AGENT Smartwatch via the companion mobile phone AGENT app. @Robert Holbert, Alex -- we do plan on starting deliveries with our early bird backers. On delivery dates for rewards, we're working with our backlight and wireless coil suppliers to expedite things...and should have a better understanding of timeline effects next week. There are a lot of meetings going on this week at the senior management level with our suppliers. :) @Roma -- today we're still using the same case size as the prototype watches; the dimensions may be tweaked a bit after we finish testing the backlight and power coils, if necessary. @Ali Al Rahma -- we generally recommend that you don't go swimming with a watch rated at less than 10 ATM. Scuba diving generally requires 20 ATM or more. You'll be able to wear your AGENT Smartwatch while doing dishes, dancing in the rain, etc. We will have specific figures and guidance once the production samples arrive and are ATM-tested. On straps: I wear my leather strap on my Bedlam watch around water all the time without worries. If you're going to be submerging your watch in water frequently, you may prefer a silicon rubber strap. It's largely a personal preference item. -- Chris @Andy -- great question. We're definitely paying attention to all aspects of the design, including the watchcase quality. The Bedlam watches do have a 10 ATM rating, enabled in part with the round metal screw-on caseback. 10 ATM is a pretty aggressive rating and I don't want to set expectations of scuba-diving with a non-dive watch. We'll have better numbers on watchcase ATM ratings once the first samples arrive. @Roma -- it would have been great to meet you! Please feel free to drop by next time you're in town! Remember...your AGENT Smartwatch will do fine in the NYC rain, but you'll want to bring an umbrella for the post-Subway ascent :) @Nick Martin -- we will be conducting FCC certification and CE directive testing simultaneously. I just responded to your comment on update #14, with some extra details for you. -- Chris @Dino -- The wireless charger we designed for AGENT should charge any Qi enabled phone. We've designed it to be the best Qi charger on the market, compliant with the latest Qi 1.1 standard. We're making extra chargers, and will make sure you can get one of the extras with your "watch only" reward. @Huang Mu-Ti, @Edward Wilcox -- with the built-in accelerometer, apps could certainly provide lots of FitBit-like capabilities. We specifically architected the dual-processor architecture to enable scenarios like these. @Minning Xiang -- Halloween-related congestion in NYC physically slowed us down a bit last night; Halloween-night update is in progress and will be posted after engineering meetings tonight. Thank you. @Mirco Klein -- that's a scenario that you'll probably need to test. Bluetooth works, generally speaking, with a master/slave relationship. The phone can't control AGENT via AVRCP since the watch isn't a music player. But both your phone and AGENT could, conceivably, control the same device if that device supported two simultaneous masters. Now if you have your phone playing music on Bluetooth speakers (phone as master) and AGENT controlling your phone (phone as slave), there's a good chance that your phone will support that. @Alex Zora -- just to clarify, that last post was in response to your question: AGENT is compatible with iPhone 4S or newer, so that includes iPhone 5 and iPhone 5C and iPhone 5S. @Alex Zora -- AGENT will be compatible with iOS7 and iPhone 5S. There are some new Bluetooth and state features in iOS7, and we're looking into how we can take advantage of those as well. We're only doing apps for phones (and Windows tablets) at this time, but there's no reason you couldn't make a custom Bluetooth app on a Mac talking to an AGENT Smartwatch. @Richard Pope -- the RGB LED on the charger will let you know if your device is seated properly or not. Right now we're using yellow as "device found, but not centered" and white as "centered, charging." @Mirco -- AGENT can connect to multiple devices as a master, so it could connect to multiple devices at the same time. The Bluetooth slave connections are saved for the AGENT Smartwatch companion app and debug environment. At launch, you can only have one app synced with AGENT at the same time (which helps avoid confusion between your phone and tablet). On FCC...we're still getting a feel for how the 16 day shutdown and backlog is affecting timelines on FCC approvals. We'll update you on schedules next week on Halloween. @derek williams -- we have a few more usability tests to run on that topic, and we'll be sure to dive into that more in a future update. @Dominic -- update #13 will be up in about 24 hours. We've been tuning power management and working on sensor SDK support; stay tuned. There's a lot going on next week, so update #14 will be posted on Halloween night. @Cesar Del Pino -- from Chris -- I can tell that you're very excited about one specific item :) The FCC is closed right now, as part of the US government shutdown. In the meantime, we are doing "design for FCC" and even prepping pre-testing of components. If you're in the USA or have friends in the USA, I encourage you to call a state senator and ask them to kindly reopen the government...or at least the FCC :) See <url>#12 now posted :) Thank you for your enthusiasm. Thank you to all the backers who dropped by at MakerFaire NY last weekend to check out all-things-AGENT. As usual, it was awesome meeting you offline and sharing in your excitement. We'll be updating all of our backers on the latest and greatest this weekend (probably Sunday evening). We have several new things to cover (smartwatch, accessories and technology enhancements). @Nicholas -- that's a great idea. Let's revisit that once the first production watch cases arrive. The wireless charger PCBs just arrived, so we took a quick photo and posted it on our Facebook page: <url>"watchstrap selection and shipping address" survey a bit later in the year, once we have samples of each of the watchstraps for you to pick from. If you move between now and then, no worries. Speaking of watchstraps...we have some cool news there. More on that coming in our update next week :) @Cesar Del Pino -- the memory display we're using it made by Sharp. We've had really good experiences with it so far. The first boxes of production screens have already started to arrive so we're pretty excited about that too. @ATM -- we looked at NFC and RFID for the AGENT Smartwatch, but neither of them met our design goals. We are continuing to evaluate them (and other technologies) for potential use in future products. We tend to use a lot of tested-but-cutting-edge technology around here. @Hafeez Hussain -- There are schedule risks with any technology project, but we're moving aggressively to move AGENT onto the assembly line as described in our original estimated schedule. We have ordered most of the long-lead-time items already (some of the molds, long-lead-time cutting-edge microchips, CNC-milled validation plastics for the charger, etc.) and will be buttoning more down later this month. We'll be sure to keep our backers in the loop as manufacturing schedules get solidified. Thank you for your enthusiasm and support! @Winnafred -- it's cool that others are out there coming up with innovative ideas. We wish them the best with their concepts and products. That said, we are very excited to be bringing the world's smartest watch to market, complete with fashion-forward design and a host of watch-bound innovations to wristwear. Like a safe app platform and amazing developer tools and long battery life, wireless charging, dual-processors, accurate battery gauges, and weather feeds. Plus a whole lot more. In the end AGENT is several years ahead of the industry, technology wise. Will others catch up? Sure, maybe. But we, with the AGENT community, will continue to innovate and help provide thought leadership in the wearables industry. We're really excited to be taking this journey with all of you. @Hafeez Hussain -- we're going to try to make it possible for backers to pre-order a charger later this year. And then ship that charger with your "watch-only" reward. We just don't want to slow down the shipping or affect backers who selected the "watch + charger" rewards. We're going to discuss this further internally to determine the best way to handle the add-on. Right now we're going to order more extra parts. We'll update you on strategy for add-ons in an update prior to the Kickstarter survey, for sure. Thank you very much for your enthusiasm :) @All backers (including Ovsep): update 10 is now live. RGB LEDs, charging coils and design-for-manufacturing <url>"offer pre-orders" and the reviewers tend to notice them because of that. We'll ramp up our media outreach as well, especially as we approach delivery. @Alan Claver -- no worries, we're definitely supporting iOS users as well. We'll have some iPhone love for you in an update later this year, before watches ship. :) @Jeffrey Bernt - AGENT supports both Classic Bluetooth and Bluetooth Smart (LE). You'll be able to use the newer Bluetooth Smart (LE) fitness devices with compatible AGENT watch apps. @Kristan Broumana, You can dance in the rain with your AGENT watch, wash your hands, and immerse it in water. We won't know the exact ATM until we build the final case molds and test the final seals. No diving though. That's a completely different kind of watch design. BTW, here is a good online resource regarding watch ATM ratings and water activities: <url>#, you'll probably see a lot of Windows Phone samples and conversation here and in the forums--but we will make sure that Android and iPhone users are supported well too. @Dino -- :) We'll be posting Update #8 by tomorrow night. For those that haven't been following the comments, we'll talk about the Preview SDK, AGENT Forums and Windows 8.1 (tablet and PC) support. And one exciting milestone which we hit this week... @Roma -- backer rewards are our priority and will be fulfilled first--and then we will take care of the later pre-orders and retail sales. We know who made AGENT possible--and you and your rewards are our first priority. @Dino -- we'll be posting updates at least twice a month, keeping you up to date with progress and AGENT-related news--more often in some cases when there is a lot to talk about. And while much of the latest news will be developer-related--so you may find out about some of it first in discussions on the AGENT forums---we'll try to keep non-developer related updates here on Kickstarter to keep all backers updated. Quite a bit going on (SDK and Emulator preview, BUILD, Windows 8.1 support, engineering progress, etc.) so we'll be sure to post update #8 within a week to share the latest :) Thank you for your enthusiasm; we're excited to be here on Kickstarter, engaging with our amazing backers. From Chris -- thank you to the dozens of backers attending BUILD this week who stopped by and said hello :) It was great meeting you and walking through sample projects with you. @Kian Way -- sorry, your account got flagged by the forums software so it wasn't letting you in. We've manually activated your account. Please let us know if you have any troubles logging into the forums now. Thanks! @Alex Balcanquall -- thank you for stopping by and saying hello at BUILD! @Teo Buckingham -- if you'd like to learn how to code, drop by the AGENT forums (at forums.agentwatches.com) and we can give you a few recommendations on where to start. From Chris -- for those of you at Microsoft BUILD this week in San Francisco: please come say hello :) We're in the Visual Studio partners area of Moscone North, along the back wall. We're on the opposite end of the room from the Hackathon. Quite a few AGENT backers have already dropped by; it's been a lot of fun meeting all of you! @Rouven Brandau -- thank you for correcting my link. Yes, that's it :) Rob D -- unfortunately we don't have any way to process pledges outside of the Kickstarter/Amazon system. But we understand, and we can get you a place at the front of the reservation line for post-Kickstarter watches. You have PM :) @Paul -- great ideas on lost phone link. For now we're focused on "link lost" but those would be great features for future firmware updates. Direction is hard with a single phone signal but in locations with Bluetooth location beacons even #4 could be possible. @Gaetan Gueraud -- we will be water-resistance-testing watches a bit later this year once we have production watch cases. You'll be able to dance in the rain, wash your hands, immerse your watch in water, etc. @Vladimir Kostek -- good idea, let's take some photos once the first production watchcases arrive. BTW dimensions of the prototype watchcases are on our main Kickstarter page. @John Christman -- can you request that on the forums (www.agentforums.com) and we can start the conversation about how best to support remote photo shutter apps? Chris @Joshua Loke -- fixed :) Let us know if the forums are/are not working for you now. @Kian Way -- you have PM. Please let me know your username via direct message and we'll get you set up. Thanks! @Ingo Mueller -- we will be working with several backers and customs experts to help ensure that the necessary paperwork is included, etc. @Alex Ferrandis -- we're going to take photos of the final watchstraps on AGENT watches later this year, and will then send out surveys to choose watchstrap material, size, and accent-stitching color. We want to make sure you have good photos so that you can pick the one that's best for you. @Christopher Meier -- we can look at further enhancing accessibility support in the future. Right now we're focused on vision-related needs (large fonts, etc.). We need to limit scope for the first release, but we definitely want to see what we can do to make AGENT work great for users with additional accessibility needs. @Developers We have updated the SDK to v0.1.1. This minor update fixes a cosmetic issue (improper font-size-related scaling) on the AGENT Emulator. We also signed the new SDK installer with our Secret Labs code signing certificate. Available now for download from <url>"out of the box" :) We may also put one or two more apps on there by default, like the default exercise app. All non-core apps (e.g. weather, exercise, music control) will be removable as well. @Erik Noren -- Awesome. The 0.1.1 and newer SDK installers will be digitally signed by Secret Labs. We have a small cosmetic update for the Emulator coming soon in 0.1.1; stay tuned. @Roma -- the watch app store will be largely community moderated to start with. There will be some basic rules (mostly to keep things family friends and ensure that apps are written well). If apps don't meet those criteria, you can side-load them. It will be an open ecosystem. One of the biggest benefits of using a managed runtime is that apps are sandboxed. We want you to be able to run apps without worrying about hurting your watch. If your watch gives you warnings that an app is consuming an abnormal amount of power or an app that you want to download looks sketchy--well follow common sense there :) We think that there will be lots of free apps, maybe almost all of them. If devs want to charge for apps, they can do so through any traditional mechanism or through a third-party app store. @Robert Chartier -- thank you for sharing your contrib project! @Ed Hagopian -- just FYI, we will be exposing a Button class in the near future to handle button presses. For now you can use InterruptPort--but this is a short-term thing for developers who want to get started now. @Kueh -- we will be providing a number of AGENT-specific assemblies in SDK refreshes. Right now our focus is on getting developers started with the basics--and then listening to feedback to make sure we expose superclasses, additional classes, etc. in a way that works well for developers. @Dominic Jossen -- Big Digits with an extra bit of animation? Please share! @Rakansen77 -- PowerState.CurrentPowerLevel returns the current power-consumption-state of a micro framework device. I think you're looking for the Battery class: <url>"# of new comments" link you can click to show the new comments. Does that help, or is that what you're already doing? @Mike Cattle -- the bold for the hour is a nice effect. You're quick! Thanks for sharing. @Rainer Prem -- from Chris -- we'll be setting up online forums by the end of next week (as previously committed). Our focus was on getting the SDK preview out first. Next up is getting forums set up, helping with blog posts and tutorials, getting a tech writer onboard, etc. We are going to be a bit of a balancing act between making sure we keep engineering on track internally, share cool snapshots of engineering as we go towards production, and support app development through the forums. The first of those three being our biggest priority, but the others being important too. It's going to be a busy year, with lots of fun community engagement. @Maxim Enbaev -- there's actually no signature on the installer, so that's probably what Kapersky is complaining about. We didn't sign or delay-sign the preview SDK installer. We'll sign the next version. @Maxim Enbaev -- signing the installer requires an extra process that would have delayed the SDK release; we'll get it signed with our Secret Labs Authenticode key for the next version so that Kapersky isn't grumpy :) @Dude. -- from Chris -- "Expert .NET Micro Framework" is one of my favorite .NET MF resources. Here's a direct link to the newer Second Edition (which is also on Amazon): <url>"COM1" in your app using the System.IO.Ports.SerialPort class. You'll also need to modify the emulator's XML configuration file at: C:\Program Files (x86)\Secret Labs\AGENT SDK\Emulator\v4.3\AGENT Emulator.exe.emulatorconfig Look for the "PhysicalPortName" entry and change it from COM5 to the Bluetooth Serial Port you've configured on your PC. Your smartphone apps should see the emulator's Bluetooth Serial Port the same way as they see it on a watch :) Software Developers: The preview AGENT SDK installer (including preview AGENT Emulator) is now live :) <url>#tools This first preview release includes templates for AGENT Watch Apps and AGENT Watch Faces. We put some default code in there to get you started. Over the next few months, we will release a regular set of SDK updates as we move from preview mode to beta mode to release. We will be incorporating your feedback, exposing more features, etc. We will be testing new SDK features on our AGENT validation boards at the same time :) Robert Chartier wrote a great blog post on getting started with the preview SDK here. More to come, including developer forums next week! <url>"Contact me" link on the right side and we'll see if there's anything we can do to help. Thank you. One quick note: we've started receiving e-mails asking about how to pre-order watches. We put a quick note on our project's Kickstarter home page about post-Kickstarter watches, and we wanted to share our plans with our backers first before anyone else. Most importantly: for the next few days we're going to be focused on taking care of our backers and supporting developers as they start working with the preview SDK. After that: in the next week or two we'll set up a reservation system so that future AGENT owners can sign up to be first in line for pre-orders. Those pre-orders will be at the estimated MSRPs established in the reward tier text. Backer rewards are our priority and will be fulfilled first--and then we will take care of the later pre-orders. We know who made AGENT possible--and you and your rewards are our first priority. @Ali Al Rahma -- I've always wanted to visit Dubai! That might be a bit of an expensive place to hold a hackathon though? @Mike Pang -- no worries. As long as your pledge amount qualifies for the reward, we can fix that manually on our end to make sure you get the right reward. Just PM us and we'll take care of you. To our beloved backers: Wow, what an amazing 30 days. And what an amazing group of backers! We're humbled--and we are so excited that we can now move AGENT out of the lab and onto the assembly line. We're doing something great here, together. So very cool. For the next few hours we'll be preparing to post the installer for the early access Preview SDK. We need to get that out tonight, so we may be offline for a bit here. We will send out Update #8 once it's live--and we will be here for you throughout the year. Again--thank you all for making the AGENT Smartwatch a reality. We can't wait to see these watches on your wrists, all around the world! @Paul -- we'll assemble sample watches (with production circuitry, lenses, and sample watchcases) and conduct RF testing on them later this summer; those test results will give us the info we need to select the best material options. @Nick Martin -- estimated delivery dates are based on an engineering and production schedule which took into account years of experience building electronics, watches, etc. I don't know how to put a % on that :) We'll be heads-down for the next five months super-focused on getting watches onto the assembly line and supporting app developer. If we run into unexpected delays, we will keep you in the loop. @Mervyn Lee -- we're going to try to make the Bluetooth Low Energy proximity sensing variable, so that you can set a virtual "leash range" to your phone. With our prototypes it's basically an "out of range" indicator but our new dual-mode radio gives us a lot more flexibility :) @Mervyn Lee -- features like Caller ID and music control (which use Classic Bluetooth) will get traditional Bluetooth range (~10 meters class spec). Other features such as smartphone-to-smartwatch communication may get you better range, with Bluetooth Low Energy. But this isn't WiFi...if you're linked to a device you'll want to be in the vicinity. @Mervyn Lee -- your iPhone 4S has both Classic Bluetooth and Bluetooth Low Energy. They're different technologies, now in the same family. Most of your existing accessories will be using Classic Bluetooth (with its traditional range). @Samuli Alajrvel -- luckily we've been building programmable software platforms for three years, have much of our assembly chain already in use (for Netduino) and locked down, and already have the OS up and running on our production circuitry. We move pretty quickly around here, and we'll be sharing our progress with you. Tonight's SDK and Emulator launch is the early-access preview. It contains the tools developers need to start developing Bluetooth-connected apps and watchfaces, and we'll be using the feedback from our developer community to expose additional features, create additional UI elements, establish best practices, etc. The extra Kickstarter funds are also enabling us to hire a technical writer to flesh out the documentation as we go. And we'll be building tutorials. By the time the final v1.0 SDK ships this autumn, it should be pretty awesome :) Chris @Mervyn Lee -- great question. Bluetooth link range depends on your phone's antenna and your type of connection (Classic Bluetooth vs. Bluetooth Low Energy). If your phone supports Bluetooth Low Energy we can get to a pretty decent range--and we can also do quasi-distance measurement. If your phone only supports Classic Bluetooth, then the range is the traditional 10 meters line-of-sight. @Roma -- from Chris -- I know that you had a bit of a rough experience with a smartwatch vendor last year. I appreciate your enthusiasm and I empathize with your frustration. If you need to vent about previous experiences, please feel free to PM me. We'd really like our collective home on Kickstarter to be an optimistic community home where we can build great things together, and we'd like to avoid tearing others down. We'd much rather learn from others' experiences and try to raise the bar and live an even better standard. Thank you so much for your support. We're glad to have your experience and wisdom on our team. @Lane Sutton -- with AGENT, we wanted to make a premium watch and focus on empowering software developers to make amazing watch apps. We also wanted to make it beautiful. We wanted a watch with no compromises. I can't speak for other watch companies or their products, but here are a few of the things that differentiate AGENT generally from other smartwatch designs: 7 days battery life (typical), 30 days battery life (watchface-only mode); energy-smart dual-processor design with 900% more efficient core power consumption in sleep mode; fashion design by House of Horology; native international character support (Cyrillic, Chinese, Hebrew, etc.); glass lens; 2-year warranty. Also: powerful on-watch apps running in a safe managed code environment; garbage collection to prevent memory leaks; multiple backup and recovery modes (i.e. apps cannot brick your watch); cutting edge energy management; real battery gauge; wireless charging. More for developers: hackathons and emulators and amazing free development tools. And more, like the just-announced app store, made possible by the generous extra funding from our backers. And a premium weather feed. In the end we're building a premium smartwatch here, together, designed to move the smartwatch industry forward. Thank you very much or your support! @Ben Groot -- We love Vancouver, but it's in another country. That means that many of our west coast US backers (without passports) wouldn't be able to attend, and costs and complications go way up with international events. If we can host a Canadian event in the future, we would love to do one in Vancouver--such a beautiful city. @Franois -- from Chris -- thank you so much for the offer! @Nathan Vergin -- you are exactly right about cost of overseas vs domestic events; thank you for bringing that up. If we can find an event organizer and event space sponsor in Europe, a European hackathon (for our app developer backers) is within our budget. We'd love to visit Chucky and his friends in Oceania, and I'd love to visit our Asian and South American and African (and Antarctic?) backers someday too--but that would need to wait until after watches start shipping. @Mike Hole -- from Chris -- you rock! High five :) @Robert Chartier -- Vancouver might be a long flight for a lot of Europeans :) For a potential west coast event, we're looking at either Seattle or San Francisco. We would need an event space sponsor--but we would love to have three hackathons before watches ship (NYC, west coast USA, and Europe). @Mike Hole -- hosting an event at Nokia (or one of Microsoft's offices in Europe) would be amazing, if that were an available option. We would want to take a poll of our European backers as to location--we'd want to make it convenient for many backers. @Mike Hole -- from Chris -- we'd love to do a hackathon somewhere in Europe as well. We'd need an event space sponsor and maybe an organizer host. Maybe we could team up with a European mini-MakerFaire event? I'd love to come meet some of you personally! @CK -- Both Qi and the charger in the watch are smart: they won't draw more current from your Qi charger than the battery needs for charging. For smartphones, a charger with more amperage can mean a faster charge--but AGENT's battery is small so its fast charge mode takes much less current. Any Qi charger will do :) Wow. $1 million. You all are so amazing. Thank you so much. This provides us with enough extra funds to hold the NYC hackathon--and maybe a second one on the west coast too (if we can find an event space sponsor). Woot! :) We're building something great here, together. Thank you all so much for your support. @tj27 -- from Chris -- I just sent you a message. We don't have multi-packs or strap add-ons, but I can get you free shipping on a watchstrap later this year when they're available for sale. We'll take care of you. :) @kja2ja -- from Chris -- your first watchface design is awesomely cryptic. I think that most backers will probably use easy-to-read ones most of the time--but I am pretty in love with the cool cryptic options too :) I can't wait to see what you come up with next. @Mike Cattle -- as @Robert Chartier alluded, we will be adding a global setting for 12/24 hour. That way users can set their preference once and then all their watch faces will match their preference automatically. For now, for early watchface development purposes, your idea of using the middle button to toggle is smart. :) @Lawrence Villanueva -- you don't need to learn to code to have cool watchfaces and watch apps on your AGENT smartwatch. The community will take care of building cool ones for you. Most people who own AGENT smartwatches probably won't know how to code--and that's perfectly fine :) This is a consumer product like smartphones--designed for a rich ecosystem of apps. That said--coding can be a lot of fun. So you're welcome to come learn :) @Lawrence Villanueva -- oh my, that looks REALLY cool. @Devpaal Singh -- December and January watch rewards are identical except for delivery time. If you already have a Qi-compliant charging pad, it should work with the AGENT smartwatch. We do recommend charging pads with auto-centering magnets, for the most efficient charging. @Roman Kadlec -- thank you. We just opened up the January "watch only" reward tier. @Millie -- I'm not going to ask how you can type if you can't push buttons :) On-screen keyboard? @Felicite -- I wish you had an AGENT watch on your wrist already; you could run a countdown app and it would count the seconds for you :) @Kueh -- working on a few WP8 videos, and a few videos of watchfaces for backers. Some of the WP8 goodies include sample apps to seed WP8 developers with ideas and code. Music control is up first. But before that...we're wrapping up the SDK installer so we can get that launched later today. We have a ton of requests, but we're trying to get to all of them; thank you very much for your patience. @Lawrence Villanueva -- smartphones have flexibility in how they support accept/reject/silence call features. If your particular phone supports accept call we will expose that feature, but in most circumstances it's the reject and silence features that will be most useful. @Mike Fennell -- the AGENT Emulator is a desktop application; you could always "remote desktop" to your computer from your phone :) @Dino -- let's see what we can do to build that into the core feature set. To date we've focused on caller ID and accept/reject/silence call--but quick text responses would be a really useful enhancement. @Matheus Oosthuysen -- from Chris -- that is a pretty fun concept. Reminds me of flying down a TRON-like tunnel. And yes, that type of style and animation could definitely be done with an AGENT smartwatch. @Robert Chartier -- nice! BTW you can press the up and down arrows on your keyboard for up/down and you can press the ENTER key for select. Mouse clicks also work. @Jeff Lefebvre -- we're doing final testing on the preview (early-access) SDK and emulator right now. We gave a copy to a few super-active backers to make sure it's performing in the real-world like it's performing in the lab :) The preview SDK should be live at www.agentwatches.com tomorrow evening. @Graham Murray -- wow, you are doing a lot of animating in there :) Very cool. Yeah, that's going to be a bit power hungry :) As we prepare AGENT for production, we will be moving our display driver's update logic from software (during your Bitmap.Flush() call) to hardware (DMA transfers in the background) so this sample will be an awesome way to measure our optimizations :) :) @Ovsep Ambartsumyan -- for third-party Qi chargers, we usually recommend the Nokia DT-900 charging pad: <url>"pulse patterns" as well. @Nick Vuono -- we're looking into options regarding an HTTP Proxy on your smartphone; I know that a few community members are already looking at building generic ones (using Bluetooth SPP). We're looking forward to developer feedback so we can provide the tools you need to realize your creative watch app ambitions :) @Graham Murray -- from Chris -- the HTML version looks awesome! We're getting the installer ready for the early-access SDK and emulator at the moment--but I will load your orbit code and test it out later for sure. I can't wait to see it, and I can offer some energy-saving advice. @Mike Cattle -- from Chris -- we are going to put together some documentation on how to side-load apps directly from smartphone apps. So very possible. We'll also have a watch app store. Using the watch's accelerometer to track motion and play light saber noises on one's phone...where do I sign up?!? P.S. Cool hat. I grew up in Idaho and we had cool hats. Here in NYC--they're more hipster-ish. Still cool, just not the same. @Jon Galloway -- from Chris -- I just read your post. You are a hilarious man. Thank you for digging in already :) @Jeroen -- as we continue raising funds, we will be able to continue providing even more developer support and even more features for AGENT smartwatches. Thank you for your support. @Robert Chartier -- as a community we can work together to provide options like that, to make AGENT even better together. No need for stretch goals to achieve a good user experience. @Russell Sakolsky -- AGENT games? Very cool! I look forward to playing them :) @Jaizuke -- there may be some practical limit as to how many watchfaces or apps are easy to navigate to on a smartwatch--but that's certainly more than eight :) We've been measuring the size of a lot of the watchfaces that developers have been working on and technically we can fit more than a hundred of those on the watch. We'll establish some best practices as we go on this journey together. @Mohamed Ali -- we can ship to any country which is not under USA embargo. We cannot ship to North Korea for instance. Saudi Arabia is good to go. @CK -- we are going to try to have extra chargers available around the time that watch rewards start shipping to backers, but we can't make any promises. The first ones will be reserved for backer rewards for sure. If you need to pick up a charger outside the campaign, we can recommend a few Qi-compliant charging pads. @Clive Ciappara -- we really love the resolution on this screen. Check out what Steve Bulgin was able to do with his "world map" and "chronograph" watchfaces. Pretty awesome stuff. On background--you can use a white background instead of a black background, but we recommend keeping the background black for consistency. We're creating something beautiful here, and consistency adds to that beauty. @Robert Chartier -- on your triple-face watch...you can use the middle button to cycle between those if you'd like. I'd recommend pulling out the analog watchface as a separate watch face though. Pressing the up/down buttons (right side of watch) will cycle through all the installed watchfaces--so you should get the same effect. @Robert Chartier -- from Chris -- very cool calculator :) @Matrix - Weresheep of Original Sin -- we are committed to supporting iOS, Android, and Windows Phone operating systems. iOS 7 is even better than iOS 6 as far as Bluetooth notifications go--so we're going to take advantage of that for you as well. As far as robustness goes, the watch is not a thick industrial g-shock but it is designed for daily use. @Hilary Wyckoff -- we don't have multi-pack rewards because we don't want Kickstarter to feel like a store. Please PM me and we can get you near the front of the future pre-order line for sure. @John -- some additional engineering info: the dielectric constant of Corundum is 11 (versus 4-6 for traditional watch glass) and its dielectric loss tangent is quite low. All of our candidate materials do have some RF permittivity (as does aluminum). What we'll be doing in the RF test lab is measuring range, signal loss, observed antenna patterns, etc. Lots of fun data in there, for engineering-types. @Steve Bulgin -- thanks for the link! Most backers were interested in writing code and playing with the hardware, so it's cool that that attendee focused in on the fashion side of things too! @John -- we will be RF-testing several types of scratch-resistant watch lenses in the RF lab later this year, once we have assembled pre-production watches. We have been doing some preliminary research into the dielectric constants/loss tangents of a few premium lens materials--but we won't know how they perform in real life until we test assembled units in the RF lab. We're breaking new ground here :) For app developers -- from Chris -- to augment today's emulator preview from Scott Hanselman, here is an app getting weather data from my Windows Phone :) <url>"COM1" which is mapped behind the scenes. No code changes are required for either the smartphone app or the smartwatch app to target either the AGENT Emulator and AGENT Smartwatch. :) @Robert Chartier -- from Chris -- that awesome watchface is actually House of Horology fan-art drawn by backer Steve Bulgin. We have so many awesome and talented supporters. :) @Dude. - the forums will go live within the next ten days; we're working through their configuration, etc. now. For our developer backers: Scott Hanselman posted an article on his blog today, showing how to use the AGENT Emulator. That same emulator will be posted for download on Thursday :) <url>"airplane mode" will be one of the first settings options, so it will be quick to toggle your smartwatch's Bluetooth radio. There will also be an "off" mode. @Richard -- we can cache a few notifications. A notification center is an interesting idea; let's pick up that conversation again soon as see what the user experience around that would need to look like, how much memory it would take, etc. Our target right now is showing notifications as they arrive (and queuing up a few that come in quickly), but a notification center might be something we can enable for power users. @Matthew Lawrence -- as Roma noted, your Qi charging pad will be MicroUSB powered, so you can plug it into any USB-compliant port (computer, wall adapter, etc.) @Ron Au -- we understand. Please follow along with the public updates, and stay in touch. @Jason Palacios -- EDIT: "made possible by the extra funds". @Roma -- thank you :) @Jason Palacios -- our corollary to "stretch goals" are the improvements that we're making to AGENT, made possibly the extra funds pledged by backers. We've upgraded the watchstraps (so you can choose leather in addition to silicon rubber), licensed international fonts for all watches, announced a premium weather feed, and now we're building an app store. Our hope is that these major enhancements, made possible by the generous pledges of our backers, end up being an even better value to you than the alternative. We still have a few more things we can do with additional funds; two and a half more days to go... @Rachel Cotton -- from Chris -- if you are looking for a third-party Qi charger, here is my off-the-shelf recommendation: <url>"stretch goals" with our campaign. Rather than potentially compromise both our design and our production schedule through "stretch goals", we decided to use the extra funds pledged by our backers to enhance their watches and the AGENT ecosystem in ways that don't affect the schedule and which benefit out backers. So instead of "stretch goals", we have been working day-to-day to use the extra funds in ways that serve the interests of our backers well. Extra funds have made it possible to offer a second watchstrap material (genuine leather in addition to silicon rubber), license fonts for our international backers (Russian, Japanese, Hebrew, etc.), and add a second size for watchstraps. Extra funds are also enabling us to hire a technical writer to help out with documentation, and soon we'll be able to hold a hackathon where app developers can come test their apps on real pre-production hardware, before the watches ship. That means that there will be apps available on day one when reward deliveries begin. :) @Matt -- we are going to have extra wireless chargers available for sale, but we do not know exactly what date they will be available. The first 2,100 chargers need to go to backers in December, for sure. :) We can also recommend some third-party chargers for you, around the same estimated price point. @Robert Chartier -- the preview SDK will enable you to build apps which access the screen and pushbuttons, run on the emulator, and communicate with other devices via Bluetooth Serial Port profile. It will also let you deploy your applications from Visual Studio and debug them in real-time. We'll keep updating it with new features and tweaks over the coming months, in response to developer feedback. And we'll start adding the new weather API as well as those backend services come up in beta later this year. It's going to be a lot of fun :) @Roma -- from Chris -- number, name, time, and date of caller (caller ID) should all work for you. Like many cars, we are designing around Bluetooth HFP and PBAP so that we can look up the contact information on your phone in real time. On question #2 -- that varies by phone, car kit, etc. We'll do some testing with a few different systems, but we don't know if you will be able to answer calls on your car kit via your watch. Similarly with #3 -- some phones support "reject call" and some phones do not. We'll provide the option to expose the features which your phone supports so your experience can be tailored. On #6 and #8 -- iOS 7 is changing a lot about iPhone in regards to notifications. Our smartwatch supports several forms of notifications and we'll be integrating the best notification features that iOS has to offer to Bluetooth-compliant devices. AGENT is a smartwatch with a lot of capabilities. If you're looking for an off-the-shelf product which supports a specific list of features on a specific phone running a specific OS version, I would recommend testing some real-world devices and buying one off the shelf instead. I don't want to discourage you; I just want to make sure you're happy with your decisions. I hope you'll join us, as we build a premium product with a premium user experience together. @Dude., Robert Chartier -- one of our goals with publishing the Preview SDK and Emulator on Thursday is to get those backers who are developers thinking about apps--and providing feedback on the things they need. Bluetooth Proximity support? Options screens? Accelerometer support in watchfaces? Etc. As far as options go--we are working on a UI workflow for that. The bottom-left button is the MODE/MENU button, so there will be a way to configure per-app and per-watchface settings on the device. We're looking at both code-defined and XML-defined ways to specify these options, so that they're presented to the user in a consistent format. We'll set up developer forums for you. Please let us know what you need. We'll expose APIs and create watch navigation and options screens--so that you have the tools you need to unleash your app-making creativity. @Roma -- AGENT is designed to give you notifications, rather than to act as an e-mail inbox. We have a few KB of RAM to cache the latest notifications--but we won't be able to support storing your e-mail history, etc. A third-party app could use flash storage to augment RAM and could potentially do some of that--but again our focus is on notifications rather than acting as a replacement for your phone. Our focus is on providing a premium user experience with each of the three supported smartphone platforms. If you have specific scenarios you'd like us to test, as we do unit and system testing on each of the Bluetooth profiles with various phones, we'd be happy to add a few of them to our list. There are a lot of things we can do with the AGENT OS core; we just want to make sure we don't do anything half-baked. Making you manually re-establish links constantly would not be very cool. @Christopher Meier -- the Bluetooth radio we're using on the production watches (and on our validation boards today) supports simultaneous pairings to multiple devices. So yes we can support a Bluetooth Serial Port to your computer or another device at the same time that your watch is paired to your phone. On your second question: are you asking if you can pair a headset to your phone at the same time as all of the above? If so, technically there is no good reason why you wouldn't be able to do so. We can't control the relationship between your phone and headset, but we can disable features on the smartwatch (temporarily or permanently) to help out if any relationship issues arise among your plethora of Bluetooth-connected devices. :) @Tim Veluwenkamp -- welcome to the AGENT community :) Thank you for your support! Do you already have a few ideas for watch apps? Hi Aaron, At the moment, we're super-focused on getting AGENT out of the lab and onto the assembly line. But we understand that some people are not in a position to back the project right now; after we're done fulfilling backer rewards they will be able to buy a watch from online and retail stores. After the Kickstarter campaign concludes, we will create a reservation system so that consumers can reserve their spot in line, to pre-order the watch (at full MSRP) later this year. Pre-order deliveries will begin after Kickstarter backers' reward shipments. Chris @Tae Kim -- from Chris -- I hadn't heard of HypeJar before. Thanks for the post :) @Kristjan Ulfsson -- our exercise app can read heart rate from a Bluetooth heart rate chest strap and can show elapsed distance using your smartphone's GPS signal. Third-party exercise and sports app developers have already contacted us about integrating AGENT support into their apps, so we anticipate even richer support on your wrist. Basic Bluetooth profiles enabled caller ID (like it does with car kits) and apps communicate between smartwatch and smartphone via Bluetooth Serial Port profile. We'll also be adding Bluetooth LE (GATT) communication support in the production watches, for quick and efficient transfer of short bits of data between the watch and your phone or other Bluetooth Smart devices. @Maxim Enbaev -- that could be cool for a future watch design. We have actually played with the concept of an RGBW backlight, but so far color backlighting of a memory display is not nearly as awesome in real-life as we had imagined in our minds :) @Steve Bulgin -- from Chris -- Ross Rubin (Tech Crunch) came to the Open House the other night and asked lots of great questions. We launched our campaign on "Xbox One" day and we missed much of the technology news cycle...so it's pretty cool to see the technology press start to pick up on the generational leap that is AGENT :) Thanks for the link! @Steve Bulgin -- from Chris -- oh man, that is a really cool watchface! I can't wait to see the "sun map" over that. Also--Pete Brown time made laugh. That's *great*. @Robert Chartier -- from Chris -- the 125x125 pixel QR code scanned right away (after I changed the outer 3 pixels to white--so that there was whitespace around the QR code). I almost called you to let you know ;) Please note that I'm using my Lumia 920 (Bing Visual Search) indoors at night in a somewhat-dim room. So YRMV. @Robert Chartier -- can you post a 128x128 pixel GIF of the QR code? And I'll try it? Or you can link to the full project as a ZIP? Bonus points if it is smaller than 128x128, so that there's a bit of empty space around the QR code. @Pete Brown -- thank you for the awesome blog post :) @Lawrence Villanueva -- really cool concept. We'd need to define a range of "viewing angles" where the time would appear. You'd probably want to supplement that by making it so that pressing the middle button also showed the time, perhaps with a cool animation. @Robert Chartier -- from Chris -- it would be really cool to give a watch emotions, like a Romo: <url>"erase" the current watchface like an etch-a-sketch? Using the accelerometer in watchfaces (versus watch apps) will require some tweaks to AGENT OS, since the main micro needs to wake up frequently when there is motion--and one's arms move a lot during the day while the watch is in watchface mode. Let's pull together some sample scenarios to scope what that support should look like, and see what kind of cool things we can do with watchfaces :) @Robert Chartier -- that Modern watchface is looking pretty nice. Quick note: watch apps have access to all three of the right buttons; watchfaces have access to the middle-right button. The top-right and bottom-right buttons are used to cycle between watchfaces. On gesture recognition: we'd like to enable some core gestures. Let us know what's useful, and we'll see what we can do. :) For developers: a quick 3D accelerometer demo, to get you thinking about what types of motion- and position-aware watchfaces and watch apps you want to build: <url>"regarding your last two designs" :) Very cool concepts and artwork. @Chucky -- from Chris -- the ALL-CAPS from a knife-wielding Chucky doll may be scaring watchface developers a bit. ;) I'm sure that someone would love to make a similar creative watchface; they maybe just want to know that you love and appreciate them first. On a more serious note: an animated text-based watchface would be pretty simple to create. The biggest issue is probably determining how to spell "oh" in "five o'clock", "five o' six" etc. And also what font to use. @Lawrence Villanueva -- from Chris -- regarding our last two designs...now you're just teasing us! I so want to wear both of those on my wrist today. @Maxim Enbaev -- there is a Bitmap.RotateImage function available today: <url>"home" and "away" time zone settings that all watchfaces could use. Chris @Roma -- thank you for your support! We look forward to engaging with you throughout the year :) @Irwin Wong-Sing -- several dozen people stopped by the open house tonight. The House of Horology shop was quite packed for a while :) It was quite a dichotomous group tonight: filmmakers, software developers, investors, fashion designers, animatronics experts, musicians and DJs, journalists, and more. All really cool people. Thank you to everyone who made it out to the open house. We really enjoyed spending a few hours with you, showcasing House of Horology and Secret Labs hardware--and of course playing with the AGENT gear :) P.S. To those who attended and took photos: please share them on Twitter or Facebook. We will share and retweet. @Irwin Wong-Sing -- from Chris -- we started showing off AGENT's 3D accelerometer at the open house tonight. I took a quick video of the accelerometer demo app and will post it to Facebook this weekend, for those who don't live in NYC. We also walked quite a few developers through debugging an app interactively :) We got quite a few dropped-jaw looks when developers realized that writing and debugging AGENT apps is pretty much an identical experience to developing mobile phone apps. The tools are pretty amazing. @Nicolas S Hagen -- when AGENT loses the link to your phone, it can alert you via a vibration and on-screen notification (so you know what the vibration meant). Our current vibration motor is quite strong; we're going to do some testing in the real-world to determine the optimal vibration strength. @Dino -- thank you for the kind words and for your support. @Roma -- thank you for not lumping us in with previous Kickstarter projects. There have been a lot of great projects--both during the campaigns and afterwards. And of course there have been some subpar backer experiences. We're trying to follow the path of best practices both during the campaign and afterwards--and even more than that we're here to engage our backers as a community rather than using Kickstarter as some type of pre-order store. We're here to build great things together. @BAN -- from Chris -- you can dance in the rain with your AGENT watch, wash your hands, and immerse it in water. We won't know the exact ATM rating until we build the final case molds and test the final seals. No diving though. That's a completely different kind of watch design. BTW, here is a good online resource regarding watch ATM ratings and water activities: <url>"randomly pick a new watchface every # hours" feature could be a cool "power toys" feature; let's revisit that concept in the future. @Dino -- we are definitely looking into a cool House of Horology watchface or two :) @Robert Chartier -- automated button handling; got it. This is great feedback. For watchface developers: once the preview SDK goes live in a week we will solicit more feedback and then start tuning the interfaces to support some of the most common use case scenarios automatically. @Erik Noren -- great idea. For watchface developers: we should create a method/property which changes between "seconds", "minutes", and "seconds for one minute" modes--and then changes the timer behind UpdateTime automatically. @Robert Chartier -- we will be creating some central settings (12-hour vs. 24-hour, date format, F vs. C, etc.) With the first preview release our goal is to solicit feedback to determine the most common requirements--and then we'll release regular updates until the release candidate and official SDK release this autumn. We don't expect you to have to change a lot of code between preview and release...but we will be making lots of enhancements over the next few months based on developer feedback. @Robert Chartier -- from Chris -- lunar style -- that's nice! So many watchfaces; it's going to be hard to figure out which one I want to use :) The good news is that all of the watchfaces so far are _tiny_. You could fit more than a hundred of these watchfaces on an AGENT smartwatch and have room to spare. We might need to establish some sort of practical limit, since scrolling through 100 watchfaces may become tiresome :) @John Christman -- from Chris -- very cool. I'm impressed by how many watch faces you're all putting together already! Like Erik, I'm digging the 7-segment font. @Erik Noren -- that's pretty awesome. I love the bouncing/rebounding effects. @Kuek -- when the pushbutton is pressed, leaving the seconds on for 60 seconds is a great idea. We may need to make that a "best practice" :) Thank you! @Ashley Perkins -- you will be able to pick your watchstrap material, size, and color a bit later this year. We will send you an official Kickstarter "survey" and gather your shipping address at the same time. Thank you for your support! @David Mcmillan -- We have both intelligent battery management and intelligent charging. Just set your watch down on the charger whenever it's convenient for you: every week, every night, when your battery is almost dead; whenever is most convenient to you. @lumar -- from Chris -- very cool; a Rorschach-style watchface would be awesome! @Robert Chartier, @sgllama -- we can add sunrise/sunset times to the AGENT SDK, no problem. We'll be sure to support the standard civil times as well as nautical and astronomical. Great feedback; thank you! @Nicolai Kragh-Hansen -- your AGENT smartwatch will need to sit flat on its back for wireless charging. There is a shield on top of the wireless power coil which shields the components above the coil, so charging upside down won't work. Clever idea though :) @Roma - every AGENT smartwatch will come with a limited 2-year warranty. This will cover the replaceable battery under normal usage circumstances. @Dude. -- the watchfaces we have tested so far (binary clock, pixel, orbit) have all been pretty power-efficient, especially when updating once per minute. Once developers have production watches (with built-in power metering), they'll have powerful optimization tools to optionally tune things. @Tae Kim -- the position of your arm shouldn't affect your battery runtime. And yes, your watch will automatically handle Daylight Saving Time :) @Daniel Edwards -- we will publish the first preview developer tools next Thursday. There is documentation for the core .NET Micro Framework runtime today and we will be adding to that core. We will be using some of the Kickstarter funds to pay for a technical writer, to fill out the documentation for this autumn's official SDK release. We will also be incorporating the feedback of developers over the next few months, to refine the SDK and documentation. @Esben -- from Chris -- Your "animated" watch face is pretty cool. Let's chat via PM about code optimization techniques. We can pull together some best practices for developers and start a conversation on the upcoming AGENT forums as well. @O.D. van de Veer -- it's definitely possible to make a watchface with phases of the moon and sunrise/sunset times. We could provide a core API for sunrise/sunset, including nautical and astronomical sunrise/sunset. Would that be useful for watch apps? @Rouven Brandau -- from Chris -- there are three engineers focusing on the core electronics and software plus additional resources working on various aspects of the project. The Kickstarter funds will allow us to move AGENT out of the lab and onto the assembly line, provide customer service and developer support, etc. We've been really blessed to attract super-talented people who are passionate about delivering amazing hardware and great customer experiences. I'd be remiss if I didn't also mention the open-source contributions (big shout-out to David Stetz for his contributions on the SAM4S core). We're very spoiled to work with such cool people. @Minning Xiang -- battery usage for a particular watch app depends primarily on how much processor time that app is using. We will try to provide some basic guidance--and then your watches will give you real-world numbers (since they all have power meters inside them). In the specific case of watchfaces, I would recommend against updating the screen five times per second. Watchfaces run all the time and the wearer usually isn't interacting with them--so it's best to keep things super-low-power so that apps which need extra power have plenty to spare. @Rouven Brandau -- the default emulator may not pick up on DST. We'll address that in the official tools (either in the preview or in a follow-up release soon after). It's obviously important that the time on your watch is correct, and we've built on top of an excellent timekeeping core so that your watch understands both time zones and DST/summer time. @Roma -- from Chris -- No problem, you have our "no bits falling off" guarantee. Check out the rugged Bedlam watches from House or Horology or the Netduino hardware from Secret Labs. Or read the Amazon reviews or listen to Erik or any of the other tens of thousands of Netduino users. It's all high quality gear. We want you to be happy. :) @Erik Noren -- from Chris -- Your orbiting watchface is pretty cool! The use of different sizes of orbiting spheres (similar in concept to hour/minute/second hands) is very clever. I sense that another video is in order :) Thank you for sharing! @Jobm -- we're still on schedule for the preview SDK and preview emulator release next Thursday, and we're on track to start production in November as scheduled. We'll keep you engaged, and will let you know if we run into unexpected delays. All project timelines have some risk involved, but we're super-focused on getting AGENT out the door :) Thank you so much for your support. @Karl Hedlund -- You will need to install Visual Studio 2012. The free Express edition should work great! @Daniel -- from Chris -- great idea. We tried to connect the AGENT Facebook page to the campaign, but it appears that one can only connect a personal Facebook account instead. I wish there was some way to connect the Facebook page directly; perhaps we can link another way. @Chooi -- we can hold onto a few incoming notifications for you. @Dude. -- cool digital watchface. Did you design it for two time zones (home and away)? From Chris -- I just posted some footage of Dylan Mazurek's "Pixel Watchface" :) Photo: <url>"hypermile" techniques will be detailed and explored by developers in the AGENT community. ;) @Tim Chaffee -- the "seconds bar" is a cool concept. Just FYI Skydrive wouldn't let me download source because it "couldn't virus check it." :) @Felipe Martins Paula Leite -- we're hoping to have extra chargers available for order December, but we can't make any promises on that. If not, we can recommend a few third-party options. And of course there's always the January "watch + charger" tier. Sorry about that :( @Dylan Mazurek -- from Chris -- P.S. I shifted your pixels for the "6" to the left one column and then added in the right side of the six. I hope that's okay. Videos may be taken :) @Dylan Mazurek -- from Chris -- your pixel watch face is pretty awesome. I'm going to need to toggle between this and the binary watchface for a while today :) regarding code, try changing SystemMetrics.ScreenWidth to Bitmap.MaxWidth (and the same for Height). They do the same thing, but support for Bitmap.MaxWidth is built into the watch. Quick question: where did you pull the miramob font from? Are you converting fonts using TFConvert (or Miloush's Tiny Font Tool GUI) already? @Fadi Kahhaleh -- you could certainly use the accelerometer to change the watch face (displaying seconds, etc.) That could be catch on. Lots of options. @Shawn Louis Butler Prez -- from Chris -- thanks for hanging out with us. We're using brand-new technology in AGENT, so it just wasn't possible to bring this advanced of a product to market previously. I'm really looking forward to seeing all the photos and videos of backers wearing their AGENT watches a few months down the road. @Adrian T. -- from Chris -- sorry for teasing you! We'll continue filming videos, of both your apps and ours, not sure if that helps or just teases you more ;) We've started conceptual work on the "app menu" as well (activated by the bottom-left button); you'll be involved as we finalize some of the interim screens which didn't exist on the prototype watches and which we're designing now for your production watches. We'll also be asking for your feedback, involving you in the process and together making AGENT's user experience even more amazing. This will be a fun few months. :) @Esben -- from Chris -- It stopped raining temporarily, so I just took a quick photo and video of your "binary clock" watchface. I just posted them on Facebook. Photo: <url>"update every minute" and "update every second" modes, enabling them to decide whether they want longer battery life or more animations. Animating a watchface briefly every minute may be a good middle-ground for you too. @Evan Hendra -- we are using glass for the lens rather than plastic because glass is beautiful and a lot more scratch resistant. We are evaluating a number of watch glasses and chemically-hardened glasses, but we won't know which one performs best until we order production case molds and do RF transmissivity testing with production cases and various glasses a bit later this year. @Dino -- QR codes on the screen would be awesome. It sounds like a few developers will be tinkering with that :) @Claes Olesen Christensen -- You can download apps directly to the watch. AGENT is a low-power device, so no music stored on the watch itself. It can control the music on your smartphone however. @Esben -- from Chris -- cool binary watchface. I've loaded it up, and will shoot some photos/video in just a bit :) I'm putting together a 3D accelerometer demo; is that something you'd like to see too? @Steve Bulgin -- thank you :) I'd love to film videos of a few user-created watchfaces over the next week, show backers a glimpse of what we'll see over the year :) For developers -- just FYI you can use the TFConvert tool from .NET Micro Framework to convert OpenType and TrueType fonts into our bitmap format--and then include those in your watchfaces and apps. @Fadi Kahhaleh -- yes, absolutely. The templates are there to make it easy to build apps. But you have a larger canvas and you can create apps from scratch if desired. Apps can be side-loaded onto every watch. You have the freedom to create and share. EDIT: that should be "their own watchfaces" :) Developers: if you have installed Visual Studio Express 2012 and the .NET Micro Framework SDK 4.3 already (linked on the agentwatches.com homepage), you can run this sample code in the default NETMF emulator and tinker from there. There are no fonts embedded in this particular sample, but we can show you how to do that now as well if you want a head start. For developers who would like to tinker with creating their won watchfaces before the preview SDK is posted on 20-June-2013, here is preview source for the "Big Digits" watchface: <url>"simple line clock" watchface on one of the prototype watches this evening. Here's a quick video clip I shot just before sunset. Pretty fun; thanks for sharing. :) <url>"Simple Line Clock" watchface by @Esben Photo: <url>"simple line clock" :) Very cool! I took a photo of your first analog watchface on a prototype (ARM7-powered) watch and also filmed a quick video of it running on one of our dual-processor devboards. I removed the white border rectangle for the prototype watch since that run under the slightly-rounded corners--but it adds a nice effect on the devboard so I left it there ;) Uploading them now. I will post in a few moments once they're live. I did make three tweaks to your app, to make it run as an AGENT app: 1. I removed the GPIO Button Handler C# class. 2. I removed the TinyCore assembly and set your screenWidth and screenHeight variables equal to agentScreen (since SystemMetrics is part of the removed TinyCore assembly). 3. I removed the inheritance from "Microsoft.SPOT.Application" for your Program class. The templates in the preview SDK will set all of this up for developers automatically. Would you gentlemen and ladies like to make some more watchfaces, and I'll take more photos and videos? @Esben -- very cool! First third-party AGENT watchface--and we haven't even published the SDK yet :) I just loaded up your watchface on actual AGENT hardware. Want me to take a quick video/snapshot? :) @Karl Hedlund -- yes, for sure, apps can open and close Bluetooth connections. AGENT has one foreground app running at any time (or a watch face). Smartphone apps will also be able to launch their companion app on the watch (for running apps, etc.). We are also working on a background task feature for apps that need threads to run in the background for a few moments periodically. A scheduler which changes the foreground app on the fly could be disconcerting to users. But periodic background tasks--we can make that happen. Would that work well for your app idea? By the way your phone typically has accurate time, and we will enable an option to auto-sync with that clock as well. We do understand that some backers will be using their watches without a smartphone, and we fully support that scenario too. @Roma -- from Chris -- thank you for the sage advice. Whether you pledged $1 or pledged at a watch reward tier, we are grateful for your support. We are here to engage our backers throughout the year as we move AGENT out of the lab and onto the assembly line; we're looking forward to doing great things together. @Andrew -- we're looking into options for "Kickstarter-edition" engraving, limited edition signature cards, etc. It would be easy (and possibly somewhat cheap looking) to silkscreen on some extra print--but we prefer beautiful and classy. Working on it. @Swisscrow -- as Fadi mentioned, we are using watch-grade glass on the prototypes which is both beautiful and also much more scratch resistant than plastic lenses, etc. We are also evaluating other types of chemically-hardened glasses and transparent glass-like watch lens materials such as aluminum oxide (sapphire), to determine if watch-grade versions of these materials are 2.4GHz transmissive. [On a side note, some of these materials come in super-thin sheet thicknesses optimized for touchscreens not optimized for pressure-resistant water seals.] @Mirco Klein -- periodic background agent threads on Windows Phone 8 can download data from the Internet, but they cannot yet create a Bluetooth network connection for access using the Proximity classes. Apps which are running "behind the lock screen" and background apps which feed GPS and other data do have additional network/Proximity capabilities. As Windows Phone continues to gain additional features from WinRT (such as potential raw notification support, Bluetooth LE support, etc.) we will be adding support for these as well :) @carlos frayre -- thank you for your support! AGENT has Bluetooth Classic and Bluetooth Low Energy support. It can read heart rate data from a Bluetooth sensor like the heart rate monitor chest strap that our female runner is wearing in the video. It can also pull GPS data from a companion app on your smartphone, could talk to the new generation of Bluetooth door locks, etc. We have looked at integrating pulse-monitoring functionality into the watch itself--but that sort of functionality would require a special band construction which starts to move us out of the watch realm and into the specialized fitness device realm. With Bluetooth Low Energy support, we can get a lot of the best of all worlds in one watch :) @Plug Komkrit Saksriyuttana -- we looked at adding NFC to the watch, but NFC is an odd thing for a watch. We could have put it at the back next to your wrist, but that could have potentially compromised the Qi coil (since we'd need a double coil). And at the back of your watch it might not be near enough to register easily with other near-field devices. We also thought about putting it right behind the display--but there are concerns there about reliability. In either case--it would have also added about $50 to the sales price of the watch. We're watching NFC technology, for potential inclusion in a watch down the road--but today it would have compromised the quality and overall goals of the device. Regarding music control: there's no technical reason why you couldn't listen to your music on a Bluetooth headset and control that music from your AGENT smartwatch. We don't have a Nokia BH-940 headset here to test, but unless your Bluetooth headset and phone have an exclusive relationship which prohibits third-party AVRCP remotes you should be good to go. @Al_Fonce -- as @Jeroen noted, you could use your watch to display barcodes--but it's up to the scanner as to whether or not it can read codes through glass. This is similar to using a smartphone screen for airport and train check-in; the scanners used by airlines and trains are usually optical instead of laser so that they can read the bar codes successfully. @Kueh -- we're using screws to attach the caseback; a gasket will complete the seal to achieve water resistance. @Chad Bentz -- we don't want to pre-announce any smartphone apps on behalf of app developers, or otherwise steal their glory. :) Lots of work going on behind the scenes to support some popular smartphone app developers, design an IFTTT channel and more. We're pretty excited. @Chad Bentz -- we love Pete Brown. He builds awesome things with Netduinos too. That man has style :) @Pete Brown -- he may be opening up a whole new market for watches! @.-/DoMiNiC\-.-- from Chris -- that's a great idea. On Facebook? @Bernard Hunt -- from Chris -- not sure how to comment on that one ;) Thanks for dropping by the shop and introducing yourself! @Hafeez Hussain -- as @Chucky mentioned...could be cool for a watch down the road. Hopefully display technology and sensors will continue moving towards 1.8V as well, letting us efficiently use that battery technology (which produces half the voltage of traditional Lithium-Ions). @Karl Hedlund -- great question, and you've surmised the answer already :) GPS chips take a lot of power and would drain the battery quickly. Conveniently most of us already have a GPS (or aGPS) receiver in our pockets courtesy of our smartphones--so we can pull the GPS data from phone to watch using Bluetooth. That's one of the cool things about having both Bluetooth Classic and Bluetooth Low Energy inside AGENT: we can connect to a lot of sensors. And then watch apps can parse and display that data. @Vincent L, @Steve Bulgin -- thank you for your enthusiasm :) @Ryan Sweet -- thank you! We are likewise excited to be able to involve our backers over the next few months via photos and videos and test results. It makes us really happy that you are already looking forward to being involved. We have such cool backers :) @Michael Garlick -- we're still working out the details for background agents. We need to unify the notification mechanism and allocate a special heap for managed objects created by your code. Our dream goal is to enable you a lot of flexibility here; we just need to make sure we balance the user's experience, privacy, and security. With the preview SDK you'll be starting out with foreground apps that talk directly to smartphone apps via Bluetooth SPP, and we'll use your feedback to refine and expose advanced features like background agents as we move towards this fall's official SDK release. @CK -- from Chris -- one interesting technical fact on WiFi chip sleep ratings. When we say "sleep mode" we mean that the app isn't doing anything, the processor is still powered on with RAM saved, and we are listening for connections. For some WiFi chips (including that one, from what the datasheet appears to be saying), "sleep" can mean that the chip is powered down and is not attached to an Access Point and is not listening for connections. When those chips are operated in the analogous mode to our "sleep" mode, the power consumption from WiFi alone can be more than five times that of the entire smartwatch :) WiFi chipsets are improving every day. Lots to look forward to from that technology in the future. @Srihari Paulsamy -- the notification mechanisms vary from phone OS to phone OS, but we're working on standardizing them as far as your watch app is concerned. We're also working on standardizing them for the notification source--courtesy of some cool cloud services. More on that one as we firm up details. You will be able to install apps via the companion app. At $1mm in funding, we'll also be able to open up an app store (including at least some paid app options in addition to free watch apps). BTW you will _not_ have to publish an app to an app store to be able to install it on watches. All apps can be side-loaded--so third party app stores and in-app phone purchases are options too. @Erik, @Dude. -- we'll make sure the packaging doesn't look or feel like a boring cardboard box ;) Packaging is an art in balance; we'll share snapshots as we work through the design. We want you to smile while opening up the box. @Patrick Brown -- thank you for helping answer questions. You're awesome. @Alper Torun -- we continually evaluate the best WiFi technologies; we'll definitely look at it again down the road :) A backer map would be awesome! Right now we only have locations for some of our backers (i.e. those who list their location publicly). For the remaining backers (i.e. probably most backers) we'll need to wait until we send out surveys later this year and ask for shipping addresses. @Wayne Daniells -- Bluetooth headsets do take a bit of extra power on your phone, and AGENT should be similar. That said, your smartwatch will use Bluetooth Low Energy with iPhone for watch-to-app communications--so that will help preserve battery life further. @kani -- Right now, AGENT is set up to communicate with an Internet-enabled app on your smartphone (which has WiFi or a data plan). It may be possible to tweak the software to pull from two sources in the future--since we can support two incoming Bluetooth instances at the same time--but for now you'll want to use your smartwatch directly with a smartphone for Internet-connected apps. @Dude. -- agreed, premium packaging adds a lot to a product. For AGENT, we also want something that looks and feels premium to match the watch cradled inside--while also remaining compact enough for affordable international shipping. We'll be sure to share some behind the scenes info and photos as we prepare the packaging over the next few months. @CK -- great question. We will have extra chargers available around the time that AGENT smartwatch rewards start shipping to backers. You'll also be able to use other Qi-compliant chargers. Thanks to everyone who stopped by World Science Festival to check out AGENT gear, including this aspiring young Agent (video from House of Horology): <url>"favorite contacts" idea later. We don't want the UI to go too deep and get confusing, but I do love the idea. @Rob D -- that's a very good idea. The actual temperature and the perceived (with wind/heat index) temperature can be very different indeed. We'll see what we can do! @Michael Garlick -- typically you'll have one "foreground" app running at a time, and we'll hibernate that app whenever the user switches tasks. We are working on some options for background operations (to process background data received by notification, for instance). We'll provide some sort of intra-app communication for that. You can also bundle a watchface with your watch app which basically became it's UI when the app was "running in the background." @Tim Chaffee -- from Chris -- :) AGENT's hardware isn't optimized to record or playback music or to process voice commands, so you'd need to process voice data in the cloud. Which I would recommend doing by speaking into an app that resides on your smartphone and then using AGENT as a wrist-based display. From Chris -- I really like the "favorite contacts dialer" idea too. Let's circle back to that a bit later, and see what APIs we can expose for app developers to list and dial phone contacts. We may have to limit it to the phone's address book entries, to prevent rogue watch apps from dialing pay-per-minute phone numbers ;) @Mirco Klein -- Your AGENT smartwatch will support the Bluetooth Phone Book profile so yes an app could be written to dial your phone. I'm not sure how awesome that would be on a small screen--but possible :) You can also start music playback on your Lumia from your smartwatch. It may also be possible to start music playing and have the phone direct that music to your car's Bluetooth-enabled speakers, but we would have to do some testing on that to make sure. @Tim -- from Chris -- I sense that there may be an app for that :) @Cesar Del Pino -- the glass question is largely an engineering question. We haven't been able to find anyone who has tried to put sapphire over an antenna before. There are concerns about its RF transmissivity in the 2.4GHz spectrum. We have engineers working on it :) Needless to say, we're striving to use the extra funds to make your premium smartwatches even nicer. P.S. We're are publicly committing to post official updates at least twice a month leading up to ship day after the campaign--and more regularly when there's lots to talk about. We're on Kickstarter to build something amazing with our backers; we won't abandon you :) @Michael Garlick -- based on developer feedback, we are going to enable the smartphone to launch apps on the watch. We need to work out some user protections around this...but you will be able to do that via Bluetooth commands or specially-formed notifications. Speaking of which--you'll also be able to send text notifications to the watch (with embedded 1-bit images if you'd like). Aggressive geofencing? Sounds like adventure :) @kani -- from Chris -- sorry, no multi-packs. But if you want to message me, I can at least get you on the priority list for pre-orders, for after we've finished shipping AGENT watch rewards to all of our backers. Thank you for your enthusiasm! @Fadi Kahhaleh -- you have PM :) @N.H. -- from Chris -- thank you for your kind note. And very true! I was intending to say that Sapphire is pretty standard on $500+ watches--rather than it couldn't exist on $100 watches. Watch-grade sapphire is pretty expensive stuff, so it can easily make up a third of the cost of a $100 watch. :) @Fadi Kahhaleh -- P.S. for reference, our default digital watchface (big numbers) is 8KB including graphics. @Fadi Kahhaleh -- our SAM4S micro has 2MB of flash. Average watch apps will be around 32KB (since MSIL is compact and the runtime is already in flash). Bitmaps are 1-bit graphics so they are tiny. You should be able to run up to about 50 apps. Apps will be able to request data storage in flash too. @Joakim Lindfors -- good question. The pushers (buttons) on the watch are custom but similar to the layered pushers used on House of Horology's Bedlam watches. They are designed to be comfortable and long-lasting. There is no click, but that's on purpose: we don't want your watch to feel and sound like a mouse. Like a modern smartphone, the animated user interface provides the wearer with instant feedback on button press. @Rob D -- we've been talking to sapphire lens manufacturers, but none of them have been able to confirm that sapphire (aluminum oxide) has RF transmissivity at 2.4GHz. Sapphire is also super-expensive which is why they're generally found on $500+ watches. We're actively investigating it though :) In any case, the watch glass we use will be beautiful and much more scratch resistant than plastic lenses. @Fadi Kahhaleh -- we looked at WiFi, but the standby mode current of ultra-low-power WiFi chips would reduce our battery life to just 2-3 days. And while we could create a power-user mode which powered up WiFi that means it would only be usable by a small number of applications for short periods of time. And you'd have to enter the WiFi passcode for every new network you came across, presumably via a Bluetooth-connected smartphone with an onscreen keyboard. Overall, not a very pleasant user experience. Smartphones generally have a constant connection to the Internet which we can leverage to provide consistent data access on our wrists. Power consumption of new WiFi chipsets will continue to drop further, and we have a full TCP stack available which we can plug straight into AGENT OS. Over time we can look at providing even more ways to connect your smartwatch to your data. @Franois -- no worries. You don't need to pick your watchstrap size until later when we send out the survey. We'll also provide you with a printable "online ruler" to help you pick the strap that's perfect for you. :) @Wayne Daniells -- noted, thank you. We're looking at an option for a shorter leather strap (in one or two accent colors). We'll post an official update once we know we can budget these in for certain; right now we're 80% sure we can do it :) @Vincent L -- there's no altimeter in AGENT, but we do have a Z-axis (up/down movements) on the accelerometer. So you could detect some upward and downward movement. Calculate in the rate of gravity and you could probably do some rough approximations--but again a real altimeter is probably better for those types of scenarios. Especially since the wearer's arm won't be perfectly level so you'd be getting this data on several axes making things a bit more complicated. For skydiving, you might be able to pull better data since the wrist would be more stationary. The math in this could get tricky, and it would still be rough math, but testing the app would make for a fun excuse to go jump out an airplane :) @Semyon Maryasin -- you'd need an app for your watch and tablet to enable music control in that scenario, but yes the AGENT hardware is capable of that :) @Maxime Marical -- we will have the preview emulator and preview SDK ready for launch when the campaign concludes. We're also working on setting up online forums so we can get provide direct support for developers, although that may follow by a few days. In the meantime, we are writing apps live at events using an early version of the preview SDK (and are showing off some samples over on Facebook too). And a lot of the SDK is the .NET Micro Framework class libraries themselves. If you give us an idea of what you're looking to build, we can point you to some documentation already :) @Karl Hedlund -- you could certainly use the 3D accelerometer for that. You can use the Bluetooth Serial Port profile to communicate with that PC-based service. Lots of cool game-type applications too. The accelerometer itself doesn't take much power; your app and Bluetooth would take the majority of power in that scenario. If you get a Bluetooth Low Energy dongle for your PC, with a little extra elbow grease I bet we could drive down the Bluetooth power too :) @Andre Koschyk -- iPod Touch will technically work, as long as you have one of the newer ones with Bluetooth Low Energy support. We're "officially" supporting iPhone since we know that some apps will want GPS data from the phone--but you can still get some nice functionality on your iPod Touch "unofficially" :) @Wayne Daniells -- AGENT supports two slave connections. Normally we use these for a connection to your smartphone and an optional connection to your PC (for Visual Studio support) but there's no reason why you couldn't use the second connection to talk to your tablet computer instead. Do you have a particular usage scenario in mind? @Stefan Thoolen -- correct. @Erik Noren -- we use Bluetooth SPP to deploy and debug apps to your AGENT smartwatch. So generally speaking if you have Bluetooth 2.x or newer on your PC you should be good to go in that department. @Kueh -- as long as your smartphone supports active pairing to two HFP devices at the same time (such as your car and Bluetooth headset using HFP), you're good to go. We will be testing a number of scenarios around this to provide you with the most options and best integration experience. From Chris -- it's awesome that we have customs experts as backers. We ship to the EU today, but usually as bulk shipments to our Netduino resellers. Your offers of assistance to make sure that we line everything up properly for lots of small shipments is greatly appreciated. We will be reaching out; thank you! @O.D. van de Veer -- smaller wrist, noted, thank you. @Brenda Boda Klenke -- noted, thank you. @Niklas Krebs, @Daniel -- thank you for the feedback on shorter watchstraps. Much appreciated! @Steve Bulgin -- from Chris -- we will provide a printable "online ruler" along with the survey for your watchstrap size. Is "smaller wrists" a more politically-sensitive term? @Paul -- the Qi charger's current limits are a factor of the charger itself, not necessarily the power source. We can guarantee support for 500mA with the charger and may be able to support 1A -- but 2A is going to be out of our charger's range. @Fadi Kahhaleh -- if you install Visual Studio 2012 and the .NET Micro Framework SDK 4.3, you'll be prepared :) Both downloads are direct-linked from: <url>"Bluetooth 4.0 BD/EDR + LE" or "Bluetooth Smart Ready" seems the best way to say that it's backwards compatible as well as low-energy capable. In summary: no worries, you're covered :) @CK -- we evaluated the e-ink displays, but they don't allow for animations. We wanted a fluid user interface. The Sharp Memory Display gives us both the low-power benefits of e-paper and the high frame rates of LCDs. @Peter Vogel -- sure, it's definitely possible to capture accelerometer data (twist of wrist, etc.) on the watch and send that data to your smartphone, to cause some action on the smartphone. Or you could even directly play/pause music using Bluetooth AV control. What kind of action are you thinking of, for the smartphone? @Boudewijn ten Boom -- from Chris -- about your profile photo...have you ever seen these? <url>"test" them a while back :) @Boudewijn ten Boom -- thanks for your support! You are welcome to drop by the House of Horology shop in SoHo anytime that you're in New York. We will also be hosting a few events in NYC this year; we hope we get to meet even more of our backers in person, showing you the latest progress as we move AGENT towards the assembly line. @Christopher Burnett -- from Chris -- actually, a deployable force field would be nice. If a force field kept out water, it would make the watch much less expensive to manufacture. Teleporter is dangerous though; we'd have to make sure it was compatible with all lengths of watchstraps. We like thinking outside of the box to find creative solutions to problems--but I have to admit that we hadn't thought about the force field idea. There's always the next-next-next-generation watch in 2019 to handle that I suppose. :) @Tae Kim -- yes, we will provide a manual showing how to operate the features of your AGENT smartwatch. :) @Roma -- yes, for the most functionality with iOS you will need iPhone 4S or newer. Smartphone-to-smartwatch app communication happens on iPhone using Bluetooth LE which is a new feature on iPhone 4S and 5. Your AGENT smartwatch will use AVRCP for control of iPhone's music, just like cars do. If your car or phone cannot share that connection, we can provide a way for you to disable that feature on your watch. There are also alternative ways to control music on some smartphone platforms, so lots of options there. @Thomas Trutch -- great question. Since AGENT has two-way Bluetooth communications to your phone, and since your phone has GPS capabilities--yes, you could certainly have an app which feeds real-time map data or directions to the watch. I anticipate that a few developers have already starting thinking about this :) @Bram Ueffing -- no microphone for the current watch, but we can look at that down the road for next-generation offerings. We have huge worries about water and microphones--but we are also engineers who like a good challenge :) @paopao -- we've allocated some RAM inside AGENT to cache multiple notifications. If you get a few notifications before dismissing the first one, you'll be able to dismiss each of them in order. RIght now our prototypes only support one notification at a time--but we understand that stacked notifications are important so we've figured out the technical end of it and now we're working out the best way to support this in the UI. @Maxime Marical -- we built the AGENT prototypes to prove out and demonstrate the most basic features of production AGENT smartwatches. The prototypes themselves implement the features demonstrated in the video using prototype parts--and by nature are not finished products themselves. Your production smartwatch will use our next-gen electronics design (i.e. the same one we've been demonstrating on our gorgeous black validation boards) and will have additional pretty UI elements and extra features; those will tie together all of the existing features we've demonstrated into a premium user experience. For technology projects, Kickstarter is all about sharing an idea and working prototypes--and then rallying people together so that it's possible to ship production hardware which realizes that vision. We do invite you to join us on that journey--but we also understand if you want to only back projects which are ready for store shelves today. We want you and all of our backers to be happy backers, and you can always buy a watch at full MSRP next year, a few months after other backers strap on their rewards. Either way, we are confident that you'll have a good experience with AGENT. We're here to do something great together. @Bram Ueffing -- we actually looked at adding in a microphone and speaker, letting your watch work as a Bluetooth speakerphone and controller for Siri. What we found is that the uncomfortable arm position and the poor quality of super-tiny speakers resulted in the world's worst speakerphone experience :) Plus...waterproofing issues. Chris @Esben -- you have PM :) @Tim Chaffee -- yes, your AGENT smartwatch is capable of sending data to and from your smartphone via Bluetooth. If you had an app running on your smartphone capable of playing sound through your smartphone speaker then you can certainly use that speaker as an extension of your smartwatch app. @Bram Ueffing -- from Chris -- thank you :) Part of our responsibility in delivering a great product is to limit scope and do the most important things really well. I know we'd get even more backers if we just said "yes" to adding a lot of extra features and changing the hardware design--but that path is not one we're willing to take since it would ultimately disappoint both us and our backers. And with the rich SDK, a lot of those extra features will be created and shared by our superb community of developers. That's the awesome thing about an open app ecosystem. For background services, we're thinking mostly of getting data from the phone in real-time and making simple decisions on how to notify the user. It's really important to us that foreground applications are not adversely affected by background processes and that background processes don't drain battery life. So we'll start with some simple background options and then we'll add more based on developer feedback. This is very similar to how Windows Phone's background tasks have evolved. @Maxime Marical, @Kueh -- some happy news there: since we met our funding goal early, we've been working on some extra power-features regarding caller ID and notifications. We'll take some quick videos of those on either the prototypes or on the validation boards over the next two weeks--and share them on our Facebook page. <url>"borrow" hers. :) @Paul Shabian -- $800K and 4,400+ backers is really incredible, and we're so grateful. We are working on a number of things with the additional funds, mostly developer related so that we can help make sure you can have cool apps for your watch. But we are also working on one or two non-developer enhancements. We'll have some commitments a bit later this week--and as pledges continue to grow we'll be able to commit to doing more with those additional funds too. Thank you all so much for your support. @Srihari Paulsamy -- thanks for dropping by at World Science Festival. It was great to meet you and chat with you in person. And of course to build a "hello world" feature on the fly :) BTW--the watch app actually stores all the icons locally and renders the screen on the watch itself. You could do that from the phone, but we expect that most connected watch apps will simply receive data from the smartphone and then process and render that information locally on the watch itself. We're also going to be providing some background options for watch apps to receive data when they're not running as the foreground app. We're working through the details--but that is an important scenario to us as well. We like seamless experiences. @David Cole -- good point! The "Lost Phone Link" alert is there to let you know that you've left your phone behind. You will be able to dismiss that by pressing any of the buttons except for the backlight button. And if you don't want that feature at all, we can give you a way to turn it off. @Dylan Mazurek -- we actually looked into tiny speakers, but the tinny sound and lackluster experience they'd give just didn't match a premium product like AGENT. The vibration motor should be a really good notification system, and a lot less annoying for our work colleagues. :) @Maxime Marical -- we will be launching online forums for AGENT shortly after the 30-day campaign concludes. We'll be providing pointers on how to code apps, sharing apps with each other, etc. There are going to be a lot of technical conversations, so we'll probably see the Kickstarter comments being heavier on capabilities and features...and the forums being more focused on app development. @Bram Ueffing -- from Chris -- we are taking steps to ensure we can offer good customer service to our backers. If you have a bad customer service experience, please message me directly and we'll take steps to remedy that for you. @Kueh -- from Chris -- you have PM :) @NY -- from Chris -- we'll absolutely make sure to keep you updated throughout the "road to your wrist" process. One of the reasons we're here on Kickstarter is because we want to involve our backers in the actual process of bringing a product to market. And while we're past the long invention process, designing the core circuitry, etc.--there is still a lot to share. We will remain engaged with our backers, responding to comments here and communicating about app development through threads on the AGENT forums (which will be launching soon after the 30 day campaign ends). We will be updating all of our backers via a Kickstarter update at least twice a month--and more than that during busy periods when there is a lot to share. We're here for you. We do need to make sure we focus on getting watches onto the assembly line and out to backers--so I can't promise responses within the hour--but we won't abandon you. You have my commitment on that. Chris @Kevin Duke -- thanks for the feedback! With the extra funds, we'll be able to create extra tutorials--which means cool sample apps. We're also releasing a preview SDK and emulator in just 17 days and holding at least one hackathon--so we'll definitely have some cool apps at launch :) @David Cole -- yes, of course. AGENT is an amazing watch first and foremost. It can display time for up to a month on a charge: no cellphone connection required for that. @John Melo -- from Chris -- you can get the leather straps wet. If you're going to immerse your watch in water frequently, the silicon rubber straps might be the better pick. I wear a leather strap with my prototype watch without worries. @Erik Noren -- great photos! Thanks for coming out to the event to check out AGENT, and thank you for sharing your experience with us online! @Kueh -- it would be great to discuss a "do not disturb" feature as a community, to help ensure we implement it in a way that is useful to everyone. Some community members may want calls to vibrate through to their wrist but no other notifications, for instance. We can enable a few options. @Chucky -- yes, the leather watchstraps with thick stitching are pretty awesome. The silicon rubber straps are high quality too; in the end we're glad to be able to offer both durable materials. @Leo L -- we will be licensing Simplified Chinese fonts for AGENT as well. :) @Adam Meadows -- a nighttime "do not disturb" mode is a great idea. We could support that in software. @Omid Mirshafiei -- just FYI: backer Brandon Vladimir Hernandez took photos at World Science Festival, including a photo with leather and prototype silicon rubber straps side by side. Leather in bottom-left corner of photo; silicon rubber just to the right of those: <url>"Bedlam Dark Brown"). Not sure how well brown would match the black-background display, but if there are a few requests for Dark Brown we can see if it is possible to outfit a few backers' watches with those straps on request. <url>"thanks for posting and pointing out that comment in the updates thread." @Brandon Vladimir Hernandez -- from Chris -- Thank you so much for heading out to World Science Festival yesterday to meet us! You had so many great questions and it was a lot of fun to answer them and demo all our gear for you. Your enthusiasm is contagious :) @Steve Bulgin -- thanks for posting out that comment in the updates threads. I'll be sure to reply there too. @Aaron Morris -- yes :) We're really close to our next big pledge milestone, enabling some new benefits for both developers and end users. Our amazing backers are backing so quickly...we're busy working to leverage those extra funds to deliver even more cool extras. Thank you for your support! @Steve Bulgin -- the Xamarin/Mono tools are very cool, indeed. Thanks for mentioning that and providing a link. @Dylan Mazurek - yes, for sure! We will be sure to take lots of quick snapshots and videos of the "road to your wrist" process. Let us know what kinds of things you'd like to see. We can't take photos of everything--but we really want to include our backers in the process. @Paige Dula, @TDK, @Dylan Mazurek -- thank you for the compliments and for your support! @Omid Mirshafiei -- from Chris -- Lawrence has a few of the silicon rubber watchstraps on his drawing table at 2:24 in the main project video; they are designed to match the genuine leather straps :) The prototype straps were a popularly-photographed item yesterday at World Science Festival. We will also do a side-by-side photo comparison of both the leather and silicon rubber options, attached to AGENT watches, once we get the production straps a bit later this year. @Luke Venables -- from Chris -- I like the sound of that. Thank you, Agent. :) @Andreas B.Hansen -- definitely. We will have a community at agentwatches.com shortly after the preview SDK ships. @John Melo -- from Chris -- submarine? Might be hard to deliver your watch :) We will make it work. I just sent you a follow-up message. @John Melo -- you have e-mail :) We'll take care of you, no worries. @paopao -- from Chris -- I have a feeling that a lot of children may start borrowing your watch, just to play with the "hot or cold" app :) It would be a lot of fun to hide things. @Ovsep Ambartsumyan -- we've been evaluating Sapphire, actually. Yes it's very expensive. We also haven't been able to confirm that it's RF passive for 2.4 GHz signals. And yes, glass is a lot more scratch resistant than plastic; our prototypes are still scratch-free after I've worn them--and that's saying a lot :) @Qadiym Stewart -- that's a pretty sweet idea. A replaceable watchstrap that was also a battery? Pretty cool! @Andy Soetedja -- we will be making extra straps, and will have them available when smartwatches start rolling off the assembly line. @paopao -- if you ever misplace your phone around the house...you can use the music control app on your smartwatch to find your phone. :) An app developer could also take advantage of the Bluetooth LE Proximity profile to create a "hot or cold: how close are you to your phone" app too. :) @Dude. -- yes, for sure. That kind of animation every second keeps things interesting for users without unnecessarily draining the battery. You'll have precise current measurements when you write and optimize your apps, so you'll know up front how battery-efficient it is. @John Christman -- our official smartphone companion apps will be free downloads from the official app stores, but we know that there is a community of users with jailbroken phones too. One of the popular app makers for jailbroken phones has reached out to ask, desiring to support AGENT. We cannot speak for them or their feature sets but you may be able to get even more functionality if you go the jailbreak route. @Luke Venables -- yes, absolutely! We love developers. We'll be sharing tutorials and videos and sample code all year long. @Clev Wong -- it appears that you're super-fast too. :) @Chucky -- you're so fast :) We just added an update to the main page describing the extra-long strap option. Great recommendation, thank you. @Richard Keast -- from Chris -- sure! We can help you hook up a Sharp Memory Display to your Netduino 2. That's more of a "cool things to do with my Netduino" project than a "let's build a smartwatch together" conversation, so let's start a thread over on the Netduino forums. That will also help avoid making the comments here rather confusing to non-engineers. ;) To get started, I recommend picking up the following: Molex 51441-1093 (FPC connector) FPC to DIP adapter (we usually buy these from www.proto-advantage.com, one of our Netduino resellers) Sharp LS013B7DH03 (Mouser carries these in stock) A few capacitors and some wires (see the LS013B7DH03's datasheet for specifics) We built our early AGENT prototypes using full-sized Netduinos, so this is feeling oddly familiar all of a sudden :) @Srihari Paulsamy -- noon to 8pm tomorrow in Brooklyn. We're writing up an official update now. We'd love to meet you there! @Adam Meadows -- for iPhone we need Bluetooth Low Energy to support smartphone app to smartwatch app communication. That's an Apple App Store policy. iPhone 4S is the first iPhone to support Bluetooth Low Energy, so you'll need an iPhone 4S or newer. On iPhone, it's an iOS policy restriction rather than a technology restriction. For Android and Windows Phone 8, we can support Bluetooth Classic mode. @Peter Karman -- Good news: you don't need Bluetooth 4.0 on your smartphone to support AGENT. Our Bluetooth 4.0 radio is dual-mode, so it supports Bluetooth Classic as well as Bluetooth Low Energy. We're backwards-compatible with the older versions of Bluetooth! @Richard Keast -- are you looking to draw full frames or do you need the Bitmap drawing primitives? Netduino doesn't include the necessary native code for the latter; we had to create special firmware for Netduino Mini and a managed code Bitmap.Flush() routine for the prototypes. If you have a Netduino Mini, we could definitely share some firmware/code with you. It's not something that we can officially support--and it will be painfully slow compared to the optimized native implementation we wrote for our ARM Cortex-M4 processor (as seen in the latest Facebook video)--but we're here to help you unleash your creativity :) @Niklas Krebs -- from Chris -- the prototype watches are around 70 grams, made from lightweight aluminum. The production cases won't be super-lightweight or unreasonably heavy for a watch. We'll share precise weights once we finish wireless testing on the production case samples. Even more photos? We can make that happen! They may need to be cameraphone pictures though, snapshots of what we're working on. I'll also be wearing a prototype watch this weekend--so I'm sure there will be a few photos shot by backers too :) @Hilmi Shah -- if you'd like one of House of Horology's Bedlam analog watches, those are already in production and available for sale ;) They are super cool looking, for sure, which is why AGENT was inspired by Bedlam DNA. @  -- Firmware updates will be downloaded to your watch from a companion smartphone app (using Bluetooth). @Kevin Duke -- that's a feature which has been requested a few times. If we can support "find my phone" via a software update, we will. @Lex Nguyen -- sorry, we don't have multi-pack reward tiers. We're here on Kickstarter to bring an awesome smartwatch to market together, and we're trying to avoid the feeling that Kickstarter is a store. AGENT does have a real glass lens which offers superior scratch resistance over plastic lenses. It's also high-clarity so the screen looks great. @Dan Mitchell -- our backers have been very generous, backing our project with the required funds--plus additional funds which enable us to make AGENT even better. We have also taken a number of precautions to make sure that early backers benefit from the extra funding. We've have also been careful to avoid scope creep. And we have limited monthly production numbers to ensure product quality. We will scale production over time, but we would rather have 5,000 happy backers than lots more unhappy backers :) @Adam Meadows -- Kickstarter does provide us with a backer # for each backer. I'm not sure if there's an easy way to provide that number to our backers--but if you write down the backer count when you pledge, that should match. To get data from the Internet to the watch, you will need an app on the smartphone which can pull that data. Some backers have started talking about building an HTTP proxy app as well. The watch doesn't use Bluetooth network connection sharing (which backers on data plans with no tether support may come to appreciate). You can measure heart rate using a heart rate monitor chest strap like the Zephyr model that our female runner is wearing in our video. Her monitor uses Bluetooth Classic, but we will be supporting Bluetooth Low Energy monitors as well. @Dude. -- you have technical questions, we have technical answers for you! :) The Bitmap.Flush function has an overload which lets you specify a specific region of your UI that you want to push to the display: <url>"random lines screensaver" app, we're flushing out the whole display. @Matheus Oosthuysen -- if they release documentation and/or an SDK for third party devices to support their locks...there's a good chance :) It seems like a pretty cool Bluetooth LE lock. @Al_Fonce -- multiple Bluetooth Low Energy tethers are possible, although not something we already have in the works. With all the Bluetooth Low Energy fobs popping up, this is definitely something we could look into supporting in a software update. Does this remind anyone of their favorite screensaver? <url>"power toys" to build. Cool idea. I could use that for cabs. "If average GPS speed over last minute is greater than 5mph, leash distance equals five feet." @Andrew Warner -- from Chris -- I just posted the code for the alignment app on Facebook, as a comment to the photo. I'm copying it here, for those interested in the drawing primitives. -- code follows -- public static void Main() { Bitmap bitmap = new Bitmap(128, 128); // clear the screen buffer bitmap.Clear(); // draw an X bitmap.DrawLine(Color.White, 1, 0, 0, 127, 127); bitmap.DrawLine(Color.White, 1, 0, 127, 127, 0); // draw a - bitmap.DrawLine(Color.White, 1, 0, 63, 127, 63); // update the screen bitmap.Flush(); // sleep forever Thread.Sleep(Timeout.Infinite); } @Paul -- that's good feedback. Some users might want a ten foot phone leash :) The range may not be configurable using Bluetooth Classic, but we can work some extra magic for smartphones with Bluetooth Low Energy (using the Proximity profile). @Andrew Warner -- from Chris -- I took a quick photo of the alignment watch app outside, wearing one of the prototypes. I ended up doing an 'X' and a '-'. Pardon the dust; this is a quick photo under outdoor light using my Lumia 920--not a studio photo :) <url>"100 meter" range, but indoors a more realistic number is "up to 30 meters". We'll be testing the lost link alert in different building types (concrete, open air, chicken wire walls), but our ideal goal is about 30 meters. We may be able to make this an adjustable range setting as well. @Dude. -- from Chris -- August 2010. Have we been shipping electronics using .NET Micro Framework for almost three years already? It's been a lot of fun helping all of you build your own custom electronics projects with our Netduino boards; I can't wait to see what you build next! @Alibek Makhmudov -- we will be happy to help support integration with "We Chat". Please contact the developer and have them reach out to us. Thank you! @Andrew Warner -- we just posted the AGENT smartwatch artwork from our emulator on our Facebook page. Both transparent and black background versions, actual pixel size, PNG format. <url>"alternative functions." That's pretty cool. @Wayne Daniells -- as backer funding continues to increase, we'll be able to announce more cool things. We're also going to start digging into the SDK, talking about the technology, and having at least one or two real-world meetings in the next three weeks. Then we'll share inside looks at the actual process of going from lab to assembly line over the coming months. And then...watch on your wrist! Lots to come. :) @Minning Xiang -- we use the latest memory display technology from Sharp. The new generation of memory-in-pixel display technology is more power efficient and more reflective than the earlier displays. The display is also square, with a standard 1:1 aspect ratio, so analog watchfaces look fantastic :) @Kevin Duke -- watchfaces can display seconds, but we recommend that pressing the middle-right buttons toggles them on and off. Fewer frames per second/minute does stretch battery runtime. We'll provide tools for developers to measure the power consumption of watchfaces so they can optimize for battery life. That said, if you want heavy animation you can go for that too. @Andrew Warner -- missed a word. Make that "do more cool things together". Wish we had an edit button :) @  -- we will have a preview (early access) SDK and emulator available on 20-Jun-2013. The preview SDK will enable developers to start working out their watch app and watchface concepts. We'll use the feedback from our backers to finalize the first official SDK, which will ship in advance of the watches. Developers use Visual Studio to develop watch apps (including the free Express version) and draw graphics using the Bitmap drawing primitives. @Andrew Warner -- we love rewards. We're trying to keep things simple and streamlined, but maybe we can more cool things together after December? @Robbe Bresseleers -- the brand-new high resolution memory display we're using in AGENT is actually the best one available today. It's a bit wider than the other display you just mentioned, more reflective, lower power, square (great for analog watch faces), and it has an FPC connector which helps us ensure you don't get garbled text on your screen. :) The memory display is paired with a real glass lens and a custom designed variable-brightness backlight, resulting in a high-clarity display that you can see in any light and with sunglasses on. In summary, yes, that's locked down :) Thank you for asking; these are good questions. @Maxime Marical -- right now we're super focused on getting AGENT out of the lab and onto our backers' wrists; we will make sure you can get extra watches after that. Thank you for your enthusiasm! @Steve Bulgin -- thank you! And we really appreciate you over in the Netduino community too! Magnets and magnetic fields are tricky things. We're going to see what we can do. Normally we wouldn't even talk about features that aren't in the official specifications, but with Kickstarter we want to invite backers in and understand how products are made. Hopefully it's not information overload :) @Jonathon Grigg -- from Chris -- thank you for your determination, overcoming dying phone batteries to post :) We will look into numbering for casebacks. Engraving can be really slow, so I'm not sure that we can promise anything there. But we want our Kickstarter backers to have something special to show the world that they helped make AGENT happen--so we're looking at lots of options. White or black accent stitching will probably look best with your green school uniform. We will be sure to take lots of photos of watches with both materials and all color options. This takes quite a bit of time and we need to do it in a photo studio so you get good color representation, so we'll probably do it shortly after the production silicone watchstraps and first production case samples arrive. You will have plenty of time to stew over strap color and material choices; you won't need to select these until later this year when we order the straps. Thank you for your passion! @Kueh -- just to clarify, Qi receiver coils (watch side) have attractors; Qi transmitter coils (charger side) have magnets. For free-positioning (larger, multi-coil) transmitters no magnets are necessary. If the attractor doesn't interfere with the magnetometer, we may gain a bonus feature down the road. Proper charging is a on our critical feature list, so we've engineered in the attractor for now to make sure that charging is both efficient and hassle-free. @Dude. -- from Chris -- Brooklyn, 12pm until the early evening. We'll post an official update by tomorrow, inviting backers to come talk about and play with tech. We're finalizing the details today. @Andrew Warner -- the preview SDK and preview emulator ship on 20-jun-2013. If you'd like to play with it early and you're in the NYC area, come hang out with us this Saturday :) @Tim Chaffee -- from Chris -- ooh that is a pretty lock :) If they open it up for third-party apps, it would be awesome to have an AGENT app to unlock one's door. @Andrew Warner -- the magnetic attractor on our prototype wireless power receiver coil helps the device "self-center". It's not very strong, and you may not even realize that it's doing its job. We'll be testing the production watches with a number of Qi charging pads. If in our testing the self-centering feature is not useful, we may remove the attractor to enable other features which are built into our chips. We've included the attractor in our prototype coils because we want it to be really easy to charge your watch, not worrying about placing it in the right position on single-coil chargers. Qi charging pads can also offer free-positioning, using multiple coils. In those cases there is nothing to attract the attractor. With every charger our goal is hassle-free charging. Chris @Jonathan, @Kueh -- our 3D accelerometer (rectangular black part on the validation boards to the right of the mode pushbutton, pictured in the "road to your wrist section") is ST LSM303DLHC. <url>"it's probably best to browse the shelves at an electronics store instead." There are benefits to shopping for finished goods at Amazon and Best Buy, and there are benefits to backing projects on Kickstarter. The collaboration and camaraderie here at Kickstarter is a wonderful thing. @Andrew Warner -- thank you for taking the time to dig into AGENT's technology, and for helping out others in the AGENT and Kickstarter communities :) @Pete -- yes, there is a servicing model for the core OS. We can even replace the recovery mode software safely. It all deploys over Bluetooth, and it all has fail-safe protections. To update the core OS, the watch reboots into recovery mode. The recovery mode software erases the current operating system and then downloads the updated operating system via Bluetooth. It writes the new operating system to flash, verifies that it was written correctly, and then reboots. Upon reboot the operating system starts. If the operating system update fails (phone battery dies, solar storms, walk out or range with watch, etc.) you simply restart the update procedure. The recovery mode software will automatically stay in recovery mode until the operating system is flashed correctly. In the rare case than an operating system update ever flashed successfully but cannot boot, you can reboot into recovery mode by pressing and holding the bottom-left, top-right, and middle-right buttons. From there you can erase the OS, revert the watch to factory state, etc. Yes, there are backup-backup procedures :) If you're familiar with Netduino, replace "recovery mode" with "TinyBooter" and "operating system" with "TinyCLR" and "downloads the operating system" with "Deploy ER_FLASH via MFDeploy" in the above description and you'll understand the functional parallels. Since AGENT is totally wireless, we strongly felt that we needed fail-safes. We don't want any chance that a bad firmware update could brick your watch. We can even update the recovery mode software (to support updated Bluetooth profiles), and we have fail-safes in place for that process too. We may have over-engineered AGENT a bit, it's true :) But like with Netduino, we want to build you a great piece of hardware that will be reliable and last you for years. @A Blue -- our prototypes run watch apps, communicate via Bluetooth, and can perform all the features showcased in the video. The gentleman in the first half of our video was wearing an ARM7-powered AGENT prototype watch. Now, because of our awesome Kickstarter backers, we're able to move AGENT out of the lab and onto the assembly line. Over the next few months we'll be creating watchcase molds and production circuit boards, polishing off the software UIs, adding support for Bluetooth LE, getting certifications, and making a large number of next-generation smartwatches for our backers. Sometimes backers accidentally mistake Kickstarter for a store, expecting prototypes to be production off-the-shelf products. If you're looking to buy a finished product--which sounds like it is the case--it's probably to browse the shelves at an electronics store instead. Kickstarter is a great tool for building things together, but it's not a store. @Felicite -- from Chris -- aww, thank you so much! I give our engineers fairly unrealistic requirements sometimes--and somehow they pull through with really great solutions. If all their hard work inspires you or makes you happy in some way...it's all worth it. Thank you for backing our project; we're all super-excited too :) @Professor Snake -- from Chris -- awesome name :) The fashion-forward watchcase is already designed, although we may make small tweaks for fit and finish. There's a lot of amazing technology packed in there, so I'm not sure if we can make it even thinner. It looks great on all the wrists I've seen in on so far; we're pretty excited about the cool design. As to weight--that will depend on which of our premium case material selections agrees the best with the wireless power (i.e. eddy current testing). It won't be super-light, but it also won't be heavy on your wrist. We'll know final weights a little later this year once watchcase molds are done and we have case samples. We'll be happy to weigh them and take lots of pictures. The prototype aluminum cases are pretty nice, but we're really excited for the production watchcases. @Steve Bulgin -- no magnetometer (at least not officially); that is a fun app idea :) And when I say "not officially"...we don't want to promise something that we haven't tested yet. @Andrew -- that's a great idea. It would be fun to get started on watch face concepts early. An empty screen with a big corner-to-corner X? Would a "white X on black background" or a "black X on white background" work better? We could also do concentric squares. We can write up a quick app and share the code if you'd all like to see an example of how the graphics are drawn. @CK -- we've filtered through hundreds of e-mails and comments and are posting many of the most frequently asked questions to the FAQ section tonight. So many great questions. @Ryan Sweet -- from Chris -- the only duck hunting I've done is on Nintendo, but based on that experience and playing with watch app code at the moment, I'm getting giddy too :) @Omid -- great ideas for apps! @Kristjan Ulfsson -- the 3D accelerometer is there for apps to use. It's fairly straightforward to create a pedometer app, sleep tracker, game controller, etc. AGENT is a platform for apps. That said, our sample exercise app (which can also talk to a heart rate monitor chest strap like the one our female jogger was wearing) will use it for counting steps. And if there's enough demand for a background step counter, we could use the accelerometer to count steps for any app to pick up on at any time. I'm really interested to see what creative app developers build. @Paul -- the Sharp Memory Display we're using is amazingly low-power. Think "e-paper" types of power consumption. We chose this really cool technology because it enables us to have a responsive animated UI while still displaying time all the time. The ambient light sensor can detect light level--but unless it's absolutely dark the reflective screen will still reflect some light. I've been reading time from my prototype watch outside at night, sans backlight :) @Omid Mirshafiei -- lots of fun to be had with the 3D accelerometer :) The glass lens is mineral glass. We will be testing several glasses and sapphire with production watchcases. Mineral glass has great RF transmissivity, and is much more scratch-resistant than plastic lenses. @Dude. -- from Chris -- PVD stainless steel is my #1 pick too. In the end we'll build something beautiful that satisfies engineering requirements. Fun fact: HoH's Bedlam watches have PVD Stainless Steel watchcases. I love wearing a prototype AGENT watch when I "borrow" it from engineering--and I'm super-excited for the day when I can sport one of the first production watches :) @Erik Noren -- we're finalizing the event details now. Stay tuned :) @Paul and @Francois Theroux -- since watches should be beautiful wristwear, our top watchcase material candidates are PVD stainless steel, brushed matte ceramic, and high-quality polycarbonate. Final case material selection will happen a bit later this year once we have production custom backlights and circuitry inside watchcase samples made of each material. We will select the final material based on beauty and the results of Bluetooth reception and wireless power efficiency/eddy-current results. There are some real-world cost limitations as well, but we've budgeted for high quality. The prototype watch cases were milled out of aluminum and therefore lack some of the extra detail that you'll see in production watchcases (such as the faux screw heads from the dimensions image). The final watchcases should be even prettier. :) @Paul -- the new 1.28" Sharp Memory Display we're using is the screen we're using for production. It's really awesome. On app selection--right now we've been using the Mode (bottom-left) button to switch between apps (single press) and to return to the watchface (press-and-hold). Moving towards production, we will be adding an app selection menu which will enable you to navigate more quickly into your favorite app. We will test out a few different UI options (single-scrolling, press-and-hold to page-down, categories) to enable larger lists of installed apps as well. Our goal is to keep the watch UI simple but powerful so the watch still feels like an awesome timepiece rather than a wrist-mounted computer. We'll be sharing photos and soliciting your feedback as we make that journey together. @Fabian Miro -- I'm not sure that we can record good audio at an outdoor event, but if anyone with good cameraphone video skills wants to drop by, we can try. We know that we have a worldwide community of backers, and only a small portion of you are near NYC, so we'll be covering most or all of this online over the course of the year as well. BTW, it will be a very informal event. We want to get people thinking about writing apps. We love being able to make personal connections with some of our backers. And we appreciate the opportunity to play with you on the weekend :) Regarding technology deep-dives: there's a lot of the inside AGENT (dual-processor, wireless charging, managed runtimes, Bluetooth LE, advanced power management, etc.) Are there particular things that you would like to geek out over with us? BTW, we have oscilloscopes and logic analyzers and multi-meters and protocol analyzers in the lab, and we'd love to share snapshots of the prototype-to-production process with you this year. We can't accommodate all requests--as we do need to focus on getting watches ready for the assembly line--but please let us know what kinds of things you'd like to see. We want to bring you behind the scenes and make you part of the journey in a more personal and deep-tech-talk way. @Pete Brown -- our custom Qi receiver coils are just a little smaller than the caseback itself. @Dino, @Pete Brown -- just FYI, we're bringing some of our prototypes (and even one of the dual-processor validation boards) to a free outdoor event in NYC this weekend. If you're in the area and would like to say hi, we'd love to have you drop by :) If you're a software engineer, make sure to bring your programming hat; we'll be coding watch apps and diving deep into the technology. @Paul -- from Chris -- we engineered the core electronic circuitry for AGENT before the Kickstarter campaign began. There is a lot of highly-integrated advanced technology in AGENT, and major changes to the design would derail schedules rather quickly, as you elegantly stated :) We are evaluating options regarding higher-current mains power to the Qi charger (so you could potentially fast-charge your mobile phone and use it as a portable charger). For now, please plan on a limit of 500mA 5V (per the USB 2.0 spec) and know that if we can make something even better happen we will do so. With software, services, licensed fonts, etc. -- there's a lot of cool stuff we can do there, based on the amazing extra funding from our backers. Some of that may need to happen _after_ launch though, since we need to focus our software engineering resources on final integration and testing (including things that might not be readily apparent, like writing software for our QA test equipment). @Micro Klein -- we think that volume support via Bluetooth AVRCP would be a great feature, but it's not something that we have implemented yet. It is on our short list though. @Makuri and @Franois and @Francois Theroux -- a logo contest would be fun! To be completely up-front, that's an area where we would need to involve the lawyers due to legal requirements in the USA--but if we could do that without getting distracted from making watches it would be awesome to involve the community on that too! @Jeroen Huurman -- I knew we shouldn't have let him wear our prototype white watch! :) We are playing with ceramics, seeing if white is possible. If it is--you'll be able to select it when you pick your watchstrap later this year. Just to be clear...white is really, really tricky. As evidenced by the elusive white iPhone...which looks beautiful but shipped really really late. So plan on black, as shown in all the photos and as described on the Kickstarter page. We'll continue playing with materials on our end :) @Kueh -- generally speaking, we use fonts that are in the 13px to 16px height range. Effectively our maximum is 16 characters wide by 16 characters tall, with whitespace on the characters. We will continue tuning this as we move towards production, but that should give you a good idea :) The AGENT logo will probably appear on the caseback, and also on the screen at power-up. @BarryKingLive -- @Erik Noren is wise :) AGENT watch apps are deployed and debugged wirelessly from your PC via Bluetooth. @Kueh -- a fierce looking logo would be a lot of fun! We have a standard-type logo at the top of agentwatches.com now, but we have some ideas for something a bit more fierce. We'd need to work on that in spare cycles over the next few months though; right now we're heads-down getting your watches ready for certification and the assembly line :) @Christophe Camicas -- since USB is the universal charging format, we're offering a Qi charger which is powered by USB. You can plug it into a USB wall adapter of course--in case you want to power it from mains power :) Almost everyone already seems to have a wall USB adapter for their smartphone already and we are trying to keep our environmental impact to a minimum, so we opted to not include yet another wall adapter. Also--so many plugs makes fulfillment more complicated, and we're big on streamlining for efficiency to help keep deliveries moving out the door :) @Mike Hole -- right now we're designing a simple alarm app that supports one scheduled alarm. It wouldn't be hard to add support for more; we'd need to figure out the best UI to support that though. But you already thought about that--based on your final sentence :) @Uwe Thomas -- yes, we have Simplified Chinese available to us as a font. We will be reaching out to our Chinese backers to make sure we support the best character set, most important characters by default, etc. An app to learn how to write Chinese sounds like a great idea! @  -- AGENT is brand new, so developers are just starting to integrate support into their apps. Once the preview SDK and emulator ship next month, you should start seeing some action there :) Also--music apps which support Bluetooth AVRCP should work out of the box. Windows Phone 8 supports Caller ID via Bluetooth HFP/PBAP and music control via Bluetooth AVRCP. It also support smartphone app to smartwatch app communication via Bluetooth SPP. The watch is watertight and will charge wirelessly via Qi. Good news: the Qi charger is portable and is powered by MicroUSB--so you can use it like a USB-powered charging cradle :) @Jason Wong -- we haven't tested with WhatsApp. They will probably need to build support into their app. Please ping them and ask them to support AGENT; we'll be happy to provide tools and help them implement support. @kja2ja -- it should be up within the next 67 minutes :) Just finished working out the details a few hours ago; preparing the announcement now, will get it out late tonight (NYC time). @Kueh -- we have provisions for simultaneous dual-mode operation and multiple profile endpoints. We need to lock down the memory requirements of some of these scenarios before we can promise specifics -- but we will be sure to optimize them in a way which gives you lots of power :) @Joshua Blake -- if the Audlible app supports the Bluetooth AVRCP profile, it should work! We can take some time next week to test some free apps on iPhone, Windows Phone, and Android--if there are any specific apps our backers would like us to test. We need to be careful that we don't get engineering too distracted from getting watches ready for production--but we love testing things :) @Joe Kelly -- good news :) AGENT uses dual-mode Bluetooth 4.0, which means that it is compatible with both Bluetooth Classic (BDR/LE) and the newer Bluetooth LE. This means that it can get called ID from your Windows Phone via the classic Hands Free Profile (and PBAP for contact info for phones that support it), can control music via the AV Remote Control Profile, and can communicate with apps on your phone via Bluetooth Serial Port Profile. If and when Windows Phones support Bluetooth LE, we'll support that too :) Here is a really cool WP8 + "Maze Game" demo that one of our Netduino community members (RogueCode) built: <url>"# of blocks" with most apps probably being in the 1-3 block range. We'll work out all the specifics as we move towards launch, based on developer and user feedback. We now have a Facebook home! <url>"just right" and we may ramp it up/down as well). It should be strong enough to notice--but for some of us deep sleepers it probably wouldn't wake you up consistently. It's more there for notifications. @Al_Fonce -- from Chris-- we've tested AVRCP (the Bluetooth AV Remote Control Profile) with the main music players on phones. There are other music players that do support the standard as well; as far as podcast players go...not sure. @Jonathan -- great questions. The backlight is being custom-designed for us by a major opto-electronics company. They also make backlights for some premium-quality-laptop manufacturers. :) You'll be able to check the time in bed, no problem. And since the backlight is activated by a dedicated button (top-left) by default, it won't keep lighting up when you toss and turn in your sleep, therefore preserving battery life. You could pull GPS data from your phone, no problem. There are also sensors in the device and you can pull that data and even forward it to smartphone app or another device if you wish. Finally you can pull data from Bluetooth sensors such as heart rate monitors or custom Arduino/Netduino-based devices. And yes, you can do just about anything you'd like regarding integration with a Bluetooth-enabled Arduino, either Bluetooth SPP or Bluetooth LE. The communication protocol is your own; maximum flexibility for developers is our goal. @Kueh -- from Chris -- great technical question With Sharp's innovative pixel-in-memory technology, the display is pretty darn efficient no matter whether the pixels are activated. Animations are the larger power consumers--and even that is more from the MCU (driving the animation) than the display. @Kueh -- our interface is designed to display text against a black background. It's beautiful that way, and not so beautiful in reverse. We want to make sure that we make options available for users with accessibility needs, so we are looking at configurable settings like reverse text and magnification. But while those can be great on a PC screen, we haven't been happy with anything on a small watch display yet. Working on it :) @Wayne Daniells -- we'll have an update late this evening (NYC time). We're working on a core OS enhancement which is going to be of particular interest to our international backers and should be awesome for the AGENT community overall. It should be posted in 10-12 hours. On "Kickstarter Edition" engraving...we're looking at things we can do to help differentiate your watch and show off your involvement in making AGENT a reality. We need to make sure we don't compromise schedules by adding a slow step to the process, but we're going to try to streamline in something cool :) @Kueh -- from Chris -- while the AGENT smartwatch will use standard Bluetooth profiles for Caller ID (HFP, PBAP), our testing will be limited to supported smartphones. There's a good chance that caller ID would work by simply pairing the smartwatch with a not-officially-supported-device, but you'd miss out on a lot of the AGENT experience. That wouldn't be nearly as fun. We want all backers to be get the best experience possible, so we're specifying that you should use it with a supported smartphone (iPhone 4S+, Android 2.3+, Windows Phone 8+). @Vincent Leroux -- one more quick thought: there is a Facebook "share" link under our Kickstarter video, if you'd like to share the project video+link with friends. @Charles Goh -- from Chris -- we're going to go for the highest ATM rating we can and still make the watch repairable and the battery replaceable :) There is a bit of confusion out there about what different ATM ratings mean; the following page is a pretty good resource to better understand water resistance ratings, for those interested: <url>"glass or better" materials, and we'll know exactly what we can use once we have production watchcase molds and RF test results. @FY Long -- from Chris -- we like questions :) Fashion is in the eye of the beholder of course. I know quite a few people who think that some $30,000 watches are terribly ugly and others who think they're incredibly beautiful. We work with premium materials such as stainless steel, ceramics, and high-quality polycarbonates like Lexan--so your watch definitely won't feel like it was made from the same cheap plastic mold as a $30 watch. ;) We're really excited about AGENT's fashion-forward design. The watches you see are prototype watches, so they'll get even better looking as we move to production. Chris @Andrew Warner -- just FYI, the NETMF-licensed fonts are subsets of the full fonts. We'll be sure to do a tutorial or post an update showing how to use our built-in fonts to draw text as well as embed your own custom fonts. Lots of options. @Andrew Warner -- .NET Micro Framework is already licensed for a few fonts from Ascender: <url>"like" us on Facebook, we'll be able to secure a custom URL there too :) <url>"sleeping in shifts" here this week. :) We are here to engage with our backers, to build an amazing platform together. There's a really deep technology story to tell with AGENT and lots of enthusiasm about the kinds of apps that developers will be able to build. We're here for you, to answer your questions and brainstorm ideas together. @Al_Fonce -- no speaker in the watch, but the vibration may be strong enough to wake you up. There is so much technology packed into this watch that it's super-cramped...and the piezos and speakers we looked at just couldn't match up to the quality of the rest of the smartwatch. Thank you for your support! @BarryKingLive -- sorry, no multi-packs. We don't want Kickstarter to feel like a store. @Edgar Reyes -- we've been focusing on the technology, rather than making a bunch of watchfaces. We do have a version of the analog watchface which doesn't have tick marks or a date which is kind of cool. Otherwise--once the preview SDK is up I anticipate that we'll see a TON of cool watchfaces. I can take photos of some of those running on prototype watches or our validation boards if you'd like! @  -- we will have a preview version of the SDK and emulator available on 20-Jun-2013. Thank you for your support! @Sakib Ahmed -- iPhone 4S was the first version of iPhone to support Bluetooth LE, which is required for smartphone apps to communicate with smartwatch apps. Any chance you'll be getting an upgraded phone by Christmas? @Franois -- please e-mail them and ask them to support AGENT :) Hearing from hundreds of AGENT backers goes a lot farther than just us offering to help them add support. Chris @Graham Murray -- from Chris, you'll have a lot of WP8 devs in the AGENT community, so we should be able to help each other out with all sorts of phone-related programming questions as well. @Erik -- the preview SDK and emulator will give developers the basic tools they need to draw graphics, detect button presses, and communicate via Bluetooth with smartphone apps. We're also currently evaluating the best way to expose ambient light and accelerometer data to the emulator; in some ways we want to tie directly into the host computer's sensors--but in other ways we think it might be better to enable simple controls to manually manipulate the values. We'll be seeking feedback on a lot of these items as we go from preview to final SDK, and we'll have a few releases. If you've used Netduino or .NET before, it's going to be pretty familiar to you. @Graham Murray -- will do. Since we support Windows Phone 8 and watch apps are written in C#, I expect that there are at least a few Microsoft employees who will be sporting AGENT watches too--and I'm sure they'd love to see that too. BTW, you can do SPP with WP8 today. Use the Bluetooth Networking feature (with RFCOMM). We can provide samples. @CK -- we've reached out to a number of the smartphone sports apps, and have already heard back from one of them :) If you would like to see AGENT support in your favorite smartphone sports app...please tweet or otherwise express your interest to its author. You can copy us at @agentwatches . We're here to help support smartphone app developers with their integration. @Kueh -- currently Windows Phone uses Bluetooth hands-free profile to read text messages aloud and allow you to dictate responses. If Windows Phone gains the ability to exchange SMS data via Bluetooth MAP as well, your smartwatch will be ready and waiting to embrace it :) We're looking at other possible ways to access instant messages. And of course notifications from smartphone apps are already fully supported. @Stephen Ho -- you are a man with the answers. Thank you! BTW, for those interested in the source material which validates the phone's Bluetooth radio as dual-mode: <url>View Technical Information 2. The first profile listed is 4.0 Host Controller Interface; this means that the phone supports Bluetooth 4.0. 3. Now click on the link at the very top of the pop-up, View PICS details for B019734 (Controller Subsystem) 4. Do a text search for BR/EDR/LE Combined Controller. This indicates that the controller is dual-mode (Classic BD/EDR and the new LE). Having a Bluetooth LE-capable radio ("Low Energy Controller") doesn't mean that the phone supports Bluetooth LE. That's only half the Bluetooth LE stack. The other half is the "Low Energy Host" which typically runs inside the operating system. With Windows Phone 8, we've gained lots of Bluetooth features, but there's no Low Energy Host at this point. That's why Nokia markets the phone as Bluetooth 3.0. They could say "Bluetooth 4.0 BD/EDR", but almost everyone thinks Low Energy when they hear 4.0--so they're under-spec'ing. In theory a software upgrade could add the Low Energy Host and add support for Bluetooth LE. That's really up to the phone and OS manufacturer, but it would be a really cool software upgrade! @Graham Murray -- from Chris -- good question. We're actually pretty excited about the new Bluetooth capabilities in Windows Phone 8. HFP (and optional PBAP) enable caller ID, AVRCP enables music control, and SPP enables rich two-way communication between the smartphone and smartwatch apps. Plus some of the WP8 phones (like my Lumia 920) have dual-mode radios inside them. The current capabilities of WP8 are pretty great--and the potential future looks even brighter. As more and more features become available that we can take advantage of in Windows Phone, we will push the AGENT/WP integration experience to even greater levels. @David McGlynn -- from Chris -- I'm getting the sense that ColorWare is going to need to start painting smartwatches, to customize things to a whole new level for you guys :) Cool idea. @Andrew Warner -- there is a shield on the reverse side of the charging coil, so charging from the front won't work. The shield would literally filter out all the frequencies in the wireless power range :) @Minning Xiang -- We built Unicode support (UTF-8) into AGENT from day one. Watch apps can display international characters. We will provide more details on how this works soon. @Maxime Marical -- if your smartphone supports SMS via Bluetooth (MAP profile), you will see text from the actual SMS notification as a notification on-screen. :) We can also 'stack' a few notifications, in case they come in fast-and-furious. @Gaetan Gueraud -- you will be able to immerse your AGENT smartwatch in water. We will know ATM ratings once we make the molds and optimize the seals. We can't push it all the way to 10ATM like House of Horology's Bedlam watches, but AGENT will definitely be rated for more than just "accidental wetting" :) @David McGlynn -- the final design will look pretty close to the prototype. There are a few things we'll be able to do with production molds that will make it even prettier--but we locked down the design before the Kickstarter campaign so we could have a realistic schedule. @Cristian Dan -- much like modern smartphones, our focus is on making sure the user has a great experience. Like Windows Phone and iOS, this means that we need to pay careful attention to background activity. We will create a number of mechanisms for you to provide users with a great experience with data flowing in from the background, notifications, periodic data updates, etc. We're going to use best practices, including those established in modern smartphone app paradigms. What we don't want is for background apps to take a bunch of RAM, kill battery life, affect the user experience of other apps, etc. We'll provide some good capabilities here, and we'll be soliciting your feedback to help ensure we get you the tools you need to fulfill your creative vision for apps. @George Germanos -- it may be possible to add a standard 22mm steel watchstrap, but we're still working out the details. You'll need to make sure that the watch lays flat on the charger (so loop bands might not work). And wireless charging uses induction like induction stoves, so we need to make sure that your charger doesn't lose a bunch of energy in eddy currents keeping your watchband warm ;) We'll have specific guidance later in the project once test results are in. Thank you for your support! @Kueh -- the AGENT smartwatch will run one app "in the foreground" at any given time. But we're working on mechanisms to enable you to send new data to the watch so it's available to your other apps when you switch to them. And we're working on APIs which would enable re-launching an app on the fly in case something really important happens :) We'll be releasing the preview SDK and preview emulator at the end of this campaign, and we'll be using your feedback to make sure that the final SDK (which ships this fall before the watches) gives developers the flexibility to make amazing things happen. @Uwe Thomas -- sorry, that last comment was for you. Wish we had an edit button :) Sorry Vincent for any confusion! @Vincent Leroux -- the charger is powered by MicroUSB and the USB 2.0 standard is 5V 500mA--less than the higher power enabled by wall-powered Qi chargers. From our experience, most/all phones will be able to be charged by the charger. It's fairly small, so we want to use it as a travel charger for our phones too :) We'll do what we can to maximize its capabilities--but we just want to set expectations that your phone may charge at a slower rate with it than with a bigger higher-power charging pad. @Vincent Leroux -- great idea! We'll be sure to open up an online community forum for AGENT after the campaign ends. That will give us an organized place to work on apps together, create threads to talk about specific technical features of AGENT, etc. Right now we're keeping everything on Kickstarter because we want to keep things in one place and ensure that backers can benefit from everyone else's comments and questions. Thank you for your support! @Esben -- maybe someone can write an app which measures acceleration to determine when I park my car? And then reminds me where it is when I forget later? :) @Kueh -- we'd need some sort of app store and cloud infrastructure to be able to enable features like remote wipe. Additional funding may enable those sorts of things. We'll put it down on our list of "really want to haves" :) @olaf van schoten -- each watch has a 128-bit unique identifier. We're using this to pair your watch with an AGENT account, for potential app store purchases etc. We are not sure yet how best to expose the watch's identification to apps; we need to work through the privacy issues first. That is a really good question, by the way. I love the technical questions! What a great crowd. @Esben -- the numbers guy inside me recommends the phrase "trends are not projections." We are really excited about the growing funding and how it enables us to enhance AGENT watches and ecosystem, but if you stare at those numbers going up and down all the time it'll just make you crazy :) Since they're not projections, they have a huge margin of error. @Matthew Lawrence -- we are working with a major optoelectronics company on a custom backlight for production AGENT watches. The reflective screen is great in the day and when dancing on lit city sidewalks, and the backlight will take care of you in dim rooms and under new moons. :) @Ryan Sweet -- I think that a few backers may have had negative experiences with projects manufactured overseas in the past. There are a lot of logistics that make overseas manufacturing less speedy than some manufacturers would prefer. @Kueh -- we use a variety of methods for caller ID, most notably Bluetooth Hands-Free Profile. I believe that HFP should still display caller ID on your watch even if you're currently using Bluetooth Serial Port Profile to communicate between a smartphone app and a smartwatch app. We will be testing a lot of these types of scenarios. We'll be sure to provide best practices; our goal is to make the user experience both consistent and reliable. @Ryan Sweet -- from Chris -- and when I say "little weather event" I mean "Hurricane Sandy" :) @Ryan Sweet -- from Chris -- funny enough, weather is the biggest thing that keeps me up at night regarding production schedules. Last autumn we had a little weather event that knocked out power in lower NYC for a week and caused havoc on the east coast. It was the week before a big product launch (Netduino Plus 2); I was stressed :) Luckily we had started production early for that product. @Wayne Daniells -- absolutely. We're close to crossing another funding milestone which will enable us to provide a free add-on for the core AGENT OS that about half of our backers are going to be really interested in :) @warren clark -- a watch face with activity stats would be awesome indeed! @warren clark -- watch faces will be limited to a lower average power consumption. You can also create higher-power apps that display time. We just want to make sure that watch faces--which run all the time--don't eat away all your battery capacity. @warren clark -- if you're a developer, watch faces will be easy to make :) Check out the Bitmap class linked below, and its Draw methods. Those are the drawing primitives you'll use to make beautiful watch faces. You can also access data from smartphones, etc. Lots of capabilities. What types of watch faces are you thinking of making first? <url>"stretch goals" way. Check out update #1 for details. In short: we'll be primarily using extra funds to empower an ecosystem of amazing watch apps--but we'll also have some cool upgrades. For instance, when we received $300,000 in funding we were able to give all backers an optional upgrade to a premium genuine leather watchstrap. We can't do things which compromise our schedule, but there are a lot of things we can do to make AGENT even more amazing together Thank you so much for your support! @y_t_n -- from Chris -- technically USB 2.0 cables are designed for 5V 500mA power, so your phone might charge slower with the bundled Qi charger than with a higher-power Qi charger that plugs into a higher-power AC adapter. But we'll see what we can do :) No promises--but I too would love to use our charger as a travel charger for my Lumia 920! @Kueh -- .NET Micro Framework is a modular runtime. We are including the entire core and all the features which make the most sense for AGENT. Since AGENT doesn't have an Ethernet port, we're not including a TCP stack. Since it doesn't have a ZigBee radio, we're not including 802.15.4 libraries. We're also leaving out huge things that would take up space better used by watch apps--so no dispatch classes or mini-WPF. We are going to include all the add-on libraries which will be used commonly across apps (like Bluetooth, buttons, graphics, etc.) So you won't need to deploy those with your app, keeping apps nice and small. @Chucky -- from Chris -- we're actually writing up an update about that now. We are limiting production to 1,000 smartwatches per week. These are premium designer smartwatches with 2-year warranties, and we aren't going to compromise delivery to our backers by trying to make more watches faster. If you've ever seen one of our Netduino boards, you'll get a good feel for our quality standards. We coat our circuit boards in premium black solder mask, and we immerse their electrical contacts with gold. After attaching the circuitry, machines optically inspect every connection. We clean them in an environmentally-friendly circuit board washing machine. We sand down the edges of the circuit boards to make them smooth. We accent them with beautiful, custom-made electric blue electrical connectors. And then we test every feature of every board, using automated test jigs we created ourselves. Our defect return rate on Netduinos is less than 0.1%. That's astronomically low. We are passionate about quality. :) On AGENT: while we're limiting production to 1,000 units a week, we are very serious about building a community and an ecosystem of watch apps. So while we cannot compromise our ability to deliver watches to our early backers, we will be opening up reward tiers for watches assembled in later months. More about that shortly :) Chris @Rey -- from Chris -- I can sympathize :) One of the huge advantages of manufacturing in the USA is that we can do a lot of preparation for manufacturing long before we start volume production. We'll actually build the pre-production units on a small model of the assembly line. And that process will validate the build plan and help ensure that pilot production goes smoothly. BTW, when we say pilot production, we mean "making the first real watches," and that process is scheduled to start in November. We always allocate extra time for the first batch, to make sure that our manufacturing and QA processes are working efficiently and as designed. This is the time that we make small tweaks to processes, if necessary. The full process of building, testing, and boxing up AGENT smartwatches in the USA is also quicker than overseas manufacturing. We don't need to hold onto watches for a week until we fill up palettes or cargo containers. We don't need to wait for finished watches to ship to the USA from China, before reshipping them to our backers. We simply assemble, test, and ship :) I think it would be fun to take time-stamped video snapshots of the manufacturing process: watching a core circuit board being assembled and QA'd, assembling and water-testing and QA'ing the actual watch, boxing up the watch, and then shipping it off to its owner. When we say that we want to share the process with you, we're very serious. :) @Chucky -- check out Bedlam Dark Black. I think that a lot of our backers will opt for the black accent stitching for their AGENT smartwatches. It's so stealthy. :) @Chucky -- from Chris -- we're confident in our engineering and manufacturing plans. Secret Labs engineers and manufacturers electronics in volume. House of Horology builds beautiful premium watches. We have the benefit of understanding the go-to-market process well. It would not be honest to say that there is an absolutely zero chance for delays. The estimated delivery dates are estimated. But if we do run into unexpected delays, we will share them with you. You are such generous backers and it would be very unfair to wait until we're supposed to be in production and only then announce delays. We won't do that. We're on this journey together. Thank you so much for your support. We look forward to keeping you informed regularly through project updates. We are both excited and determined to get AGENT smartwatches onto your wrists. @Niklas Krebs -- yes, AGENT has built-in support for notifications. Different smartphones offer different notifications capabilities. As long as your phone supports it, we can show text messages. For Whatsapp, Facebook, and other notifications--we'll either need to tie into central notification centers or those app developers can add AGENT notification support to their apps. Our #1 goal with notifications is to make sure they work reliably. So in some cases where a phone's infrastructure doesn't meet our user experience standards, we may release the tools to support those notifications as "power toys" for advanced users. We want your watch to make you smile. :) @vader_man, @Sean McCutchen -- thanks for your support! @Peter Foreman - yes, the watch faces can show both 12 hour and 24 hour time. They can also show date, battery level, and even data retrieved from the Internet via your smartphone. For the two watchfaces we show on the main page: the digital one will show either 12- or 24-hour time; the analog one does include the day-of-month. We expect to see a huge variety of creative watchfaces. BTW--we'll store the 24hr/12hr settings and make them available to all watch faces. So as long as a watchface is designed to handle both of those, it will automatically know your preference! @Idalvar -- YES! (capitals for emphasis) :) Your watch apps will get access to accelerometer data, either on-demand or via events. Whichever works better for your application--although we recommend using events because they're very battery-friendly. @Al_Fonce -- we love France, and we're starting to prepare customs paperwork now. Shipping to France should not be a problem :) @Fabio Nagano -- sorry, no multi-packs. We want to make sure that backers realize they are joining our project to bring an awesome smartwatch to market; we don't want Kickstarter to feel like a retail store. @kja2ja -- AGENT's backlight is being custom-made for us by a major optoelectronics company. It should look great at night. The memory display is also reflective, so you may find yourself activating the backlight less often than you'd expect. Thank you for your support! @David McGlynn -- and when I just said "wristbands" I meant to say "watchstraps". Although I like wristbands too :) @David McGlynn -- both straps were designed to be the same size, style and color. The watchstraps in that photo are the leather version as noted. We'll take photos of watches with both styles and all colors of wristbands before you make your material/color selection--no worries. We want to make sure you can pick the one that's perfect for you. :) BTW, those are early silicon watchstraps on Lawrence's drawing desk at 2:24 in the video. @Adam Scott -- great question. AGENT communicates with other body-worn sensors using Bluetooth or Bluetooth LE. The particular heart rate monitor chest strap that our female runner is wearing in the video is made by Zephyr. We'll have a list of compatible heart rate monitors this fall, and app developers can create their own apps as well. @Lisa T. -- last message and this one are from Chris -- we also love the amount of extra QA we can do by assembling our electronics here too. @Lisa T. -- we love making things here in the USA too! We've been doing it with 100% of our electronics products for several years now, and it has been awesome. We've even figured out how to create our electrical designs in a way that makes domestic assembly cost effective. Thank you so much for your support. @Paul Houghton -- awesome, thank you. @Paul Houghton -- we think that tools like Augmented Smartwatch are great. We'd be happy to help support them and give them the information they need to support AGENT. It may need to come a bit later in the dev cycle, but if you're a fan of theirs can you drop them a line, let them know that you're interested in using their app with AGENT, and let them know that we're here to support them? @Clev Wong -- BB10 is very new and the Android app support is missing a few key things we'd need to support it easily. We think it's fantastic that BlackBerry has created a new OS to satiate their fans' hungriness for the latest smartphone features. Right now we're focused on iPhone, Android, and Windows Phone support. We still love BlackBerry owners; we just don't have time or resources to create a completely custom app without compromising other tasks in our schedule. When BlackBerry makes improvements surrounding some of the issues (native API access, potential Bluetooth gotchas) in their Android app support, hopefully we can show BB10 some love too :) @CK -- from Chris -- unfortunately, some smartphone accessory makers and smartphone developers don't develop for Windows Phone. Because it's so new and it has less market share than iOS and Android, it sometimes gets ignored as a small market distraction. For us, Windows Phone is a refreshing change and the developer tools (which are the same developer tools you can use to write AGENT watch apps) are simply amazing. I personally use a Lumia 920 as my mobile phone, and I love it. Because Windows Phone hasn't gotten as much support as it deserves, a lot of Windows Phone owners are a bit skeptical that--yes--we are supporting them and not just in a half-baked way. So I'm just reassuring WP8 owners that yes, the love and support for WP8 is genuine and that we intend to make our support for and integration with WP8 as great as possible. @Stephen Rowlatt -- if you have large wrists and have trouble with standard watch straps, you'll be stretching against the last hole on AGENT's wriststraps too. Since the watches are unisex, they're sized to fit tiny wrists as well. You can swap in an extra-long 22mm wriststrap of your choice; we recommend genuine leather or high-quality silicon. @Mike Zuppa -- the leather watchstraps are treated for water resistance. The silicon watchstraps are also water resistant. No scuba diving :) @Florian Kuhn -- we're already working on supporting the specific customs requirements for Germany. We'll make sure we include the proper paperwork and that the CE certifications match up; we don't want your rewards to get held up in customs. @Sacha CISZEWICZ -- no multi-packs, so sorry. But we will be sure to make watchstraps available for order when AGENT starts rolling off the assembly line. Do you have your ~1/16" hex wrenches ready? :) @Iain Patterson -- as long as the iPhone can give us the data (iMessage via Bluetooth MAP profile for instance), we can take advantage of that on AGENT. There may be some smartphone systems which aren't really designed for this and don't profile a stellar user experience; in those cases, we can always create "power toys" for advanced users so you can tap into those. With AGENT, we want to give you the freedom to take advantage of all the features of both your smartphone and your smartwatch. @Vclav Muzik -- AGENT uses a mix of capabilities to get notifications. Smartphone apps can send notification of course, and caller ID information comes from tapping into the phone's hands-free profile. As Windows Phone continues to gain great new notification capabilities, we'll continue making AGENT+WP8 integration even better. In our world, Windows Phone is a first-class smartphone citizen, not a feature-list afterthought. @Zoodle -- you only need your smartphone with you to use the fitness app if you want GPS data to show distance. AGENT has a built-in accelerometer to count steps and keeps track of elapsed time. If you want to add the heart rate data, you can pick up a heart rate monitor chest strap (like the Zephyr one our lady runner was wearing). We'll be supporting both Bluetooth and Bluetooth LE models, and will have a list of supported models later this year. We also anticipate that smartphone app developers will want to create watch apps to integrate with their own smartphone apps that feed data to the cloud and give you an amazing experience that way. @Matthew Searle -- you'll definitely be able to share your apps and load third-party apps easily through your Windows Phone 8 device. And due to overwhelming backer support, we're now looking into an official app store as well. That may need to come in stages so we don't upset our production schedule, and its sophistication will be directly related to funding level, but we're actually working out details right now. Thanks so much for your support! @Huang Mu-Ti -- iPhone 4S was the first iPhone which included Bluetooth LE. Apple's policies don't permit standard App Store apps to talk to devices using classic Bluetooth. It requires that they use the newer Bluetooth Low Energy mode. That's why iPhone 4 can't be supported. @Huang Mu-Ti -- mobile phone operating systems are really cool, but we wanted something much low power and optimized for a smartwatch. That's why we've included the .NET Micro Framework runtime in AGENT OS. It gives watch apps the similar kinds of awesome capabilities and tools that smartphone developers have--but without the huge resource requirements and battery drain. @Andrew James Brill -- we have reached out to quite a few app developers (e.g. golf, running) as well as services (e.g. IFTTT). Lots of interest there, and we've offered to support them with integration. If you'd like to see support for a particular app, please tweet, e-mail, or otherwise contact its maker and ask them to get in touch with us at <email>. There are so many cool things that could be done, making both AGENT and your favorite smartphone apps even better together. @Chucky -- thanks for your enthusiasm! We started working on AGENT in 2011, but the technology we needed to enable our vision didn't start to catch up until last year. We think it's really great that other smartwatches which shipped over the last year picked up on some of the features and best practices established by smartwatches over the last decade. But AGENT wasn't designed to compete with any particular smartwatch out there; it was engineered from the ground up to radically redefine what a smartwatch should be. In that same spirit, we're not really into copying the watchface styles of any particular brand of smartwatch. The ones we have today are based on old watchfaces that we love or were designed by our UI team. You're welcome to recreate a design for your own use and to share with friends of course ; it is pretty easy to draw with our Bitmap class methods. What we're really excited to see is fresh new ideas for watchfaces. There's a lot that can be done on this beautiful display. We can't wait to see what you create! Thank you very much for your enthusiasm and support! @Katsumi Taki -- welcome and thank you for your support! @Alibek Makhmudov -- on iPhone you have the notification center which is awesome, but also sometimes not optimal. We will be enabling a variety of notification scenarios. That will include notifications from running apps as well. Ultimately, Apple has veto power regarding what they will and will not allow us to do, but we've done a lot of architecture work in the hardware (including the inclusion of several Bluetooth communication methods) to maximize AGENT's capabilities. :) For any notification channels on iOS while are cool to tap into but just don't meet our standards for user experience--we can always build some "power toys" for advanced users which let you take advantage of those notifications as well. @David McGlynn -- from Chris -- the estimated delivery date is estimated, but we're pretty confident in it. We have been engineering and manufacturing electronics for years and have calculated our schedule with the benefit of past experience. We are also assembling AGENT circuit boards and watches here in the USA, which significantly reduces risk and speeds up production. We make all of our electronics that way, and it has worked out really well. We know that thousands of you are trusting in us to deliver a premium quality product, and our team be focused on doing just that for the next seven months. We'll be updating you regularly via project updates, and are really excited that you're joining us on this journey. @Michael Hensen -- you can use the right-middle button in your watchface app to cycle between two modes. :) On hackathons, we'd need to raise a lot of funds before we could do them overseas. But if we could do one overseas, our goal would be to do it in a convenient European location. Amsterdam? Breda, and we can snack on Mentos? :) Germany? Not sure. @Heber Acquafreda -- we love the 1.28" ~140dpi display. It's a few less DPI than the last-gen display used in previous smartwatch designs, but it's also lower-power and higher-reflectivity. It looks pretty fantastic in person, especially outside. On battery, we've said that it's "a repairable watch -- including replaceable battery". If we need to shave a tiny bit of room to get the seals watertight, we may need to make it "serviceable by technician", but our preference is to make it user-replaceable. The good news is that the battery is good for several hundred full cycles, and the battery life is a week (typical). Our main goal is to ensure that you don't have to throw away your designer watch after a few years because of locked-down design; if we can make it so you can replace the battery yourself on that multi-year anniversary, we'd love to do that :) @Michael Hensen -- and when I say stock data, I mean currency exchange data :) @Michael Hensen -- you can use the Bitmap.DrawText function to draw your scrolling text, sleep for 250ms, and then wake up and clear the text and re-draw it again a bit to the left. Repeat to scroll :) There's a DrawTextInRect function too. <url>ois -- oh so sorry, wasn't trying to get you to up your pledge. That's not what we're about. Right now we're crunching numbers for hackathon budgets and scoping out the cost and architecture for a cloud-based app store. We're also working on two other surprises that will be very happy for many of our backers :) We like to "measure twice and cut once", doing our homework and budgeting first. Sorry to make you wait a few days while we get everything in line. No fun, I know. More good stuff to come. You guys are making amazing things possible. We are so excited. @Roman Kadlec - you could certainly run a weather app on your phone which sent notifications to your AGENT whenever it knew storm/rain was coming. *cough cough* we're working on something...but we're not quite at a funding level where we can afford to do it...hopefully next week I will have some pretty cool news along these lines *cough cough* @Paul Houghton -- those are cool ideas for watchfaces. Speaking of which -- yes, you will be able to pull weather info down into your watchface. We have a bit of a happy surprise coming along those lines, hopefully by the end of next week. @Michael Hensen--any ideas what kind of watch faces you want to make first? @Caleb Wong -- AGENT is already a watch which doesn't compromise, but there are indeed more things we can do--mostly around OS features and in enabling developers to create rich apps. We will continue to make AGENT even better; you have our promise on that. Thank your for recruiting others to join in the AGENT vision and journey. So awesome. @Vincent Vong -- yes! The display is always on, showing the time. This was a critical design requirement for us. That doesn't damage the screen. The screen is very low power, combining the power benefits of e-paper with the fast animation capabilities of LCDs. @Franois -- we're researching BlackBerry's Android support mode, no worries :) Android 2.3+ phones--unless there's something fishy with them--should work. There is fragmentation in the Android ecosystem, and we know we're going to have to deal with that. If you have any specific concerns or technical items you'd like us to research where a specific model of Android phone has spotty Bluetooth support in the first place--please let us know and we will try to provide the best guidance we can. We are not currently aware of any Bluetooth issues on Android phone models which are deal breakers. @Swapner Feriwala -- we are working on a structure for the FAQ today. So many good questions; we'll start aggregating them in an official FAQ on the main page soon. @John -- whatever material we pick, it'll take days or weeks of engineering tests to validate the material. We don't want to announce things that haven't tested. We're working on options and making lots of calls, but we may not actually know what the best option is until after the campaign concludes. TBD, I'm sure you'll stay tuned anyway :) @Bert -- from Chris -- quick update on BlackBerry 10. It looks like some native APIs are missing for Android app compatibility, and possibly Android Bluetooth support too. We are investigating, but it looks like BlackBerry may need a version upgrade to get the kinds of capabilities needed. If anyone from BlackBerry is listening, email me at the e-mail address on the bottom of our website. @Evan Hendra -- no multi-packs, but we'll have extra straps available to order once the watches go into production. And you can swap in a standard 22mm wriststraps if desired as well. @Zoodle -- we will absolutely take photos of all the strap colors, and both the leather and silicon options. Don't worry though...you have a few months to decide on straps. From Chris -- Wow, $500,000 in funding. I'm at a lack for words. Thank you. So humbling. We're working on a list of things we can do to help empower devs with the extra funding (including helping hardware and smartphone app makers support AGENT). We have also come up with a few small things we can do to say "thank you" in software on the watch itself, both now and as backers continue to join the AGENT movement. Kueh -- dual timezone watchfaces can definitely be created. I bet that a few enterprising developers are already thinking along those lines. If we have extra time and resources we may be able to make a default one. For those who would like Endomondo support for your AGENT smartwatch: <url>"Classic Bluetooth" slaves using the Serial Port Profile or they use Bluetooth LE. The lady runner in the video was wearing a Classic Bluetooth strap from Zephyr. Yes, the AGENT smartwatch can also act as a Bluetooth Master :) @Dennis Richter -- yes, we will be working with people who understand German customs procedures to make sure our CE declarations match, the necessary paperwork is included in the box, etc. We have already started addressing this--and will be reaching out to a few AGENT community members to help make sure we do it the right way. Brazil customs is also very particular--so we will be addressing those issues too. @Huang Mu-Ti -- making a custom case for your AGENT watch would be a really cool project! The tricky part might be creating your own pushers. We are certainly big supporters of the maker movement. @CK -- your app receives timestamped events when the right-side pushers (buttons) are pressed and released. You can do long press detection for sure--or even use them as morse code inputs. Now I want to make one AGENT watch a morse code transmitter, and another AGENT watch a receiver. The second watch could print out the text on the screen in real time. Nerdy, for sure. Fun, yes :) @Chad Bentz - we have started to reach out to smartphone app vendors, to offer our assistance adding support for AGENT to their phone apps. If you have a favorite smartphone app that you'd like to see work with AGENT (e.g. running, golfing, cycling, horse racing, calorie counting, etc.) please: let _us_ know and please ask the app's creator to contact us. Our contact e-mail is at the bottom of the agentwatches.com website and they can also just e-mail us through Kickstarter. We're here to help make amazing stuff happen :) @Lisa T. -- you'll be able to put quite a few watch faces on your watch at a time, but the point you bring up is a good one: we need to make it easy to swap your current watch faces using the companion phone app. So that you feel like you're just checking and unchecking them, not installing and uninstalling apps...am I understanding you correctly? Great feedback. @Roman Kadlec, @Jos Antonio Castao - we are simultaneously excited and humbled about the growing support and funding for AGENT. There are a number of important things that the extra funding will make possible, including things that will help developers create amazing watch apps (e.g. documentation, tutorials, hackathons, etc.). @Jos Antonio Castao - AGENT's user interface is in English. Your content (caller ID, music tracks, notifications) will be in your native language. With enough volume we can also translate the main user interface into foreign languages--but that is a pretty big project for down the road. We have a plan to cover most major character sets, with Latin characters pre-loaded on the watch. More on that soon. @Stefan Thoolen -- we are so excited to be able to open source our new SAM4S port of .NET Micro Framework. David Stetz did so much work to make that possible, and we're super-excited that he's in love with open source as much as we are. Note that AGENT isn't an open source hardware product like Netduino--but we are going to try to contribute back to open source in several ways. @CK -- the production watches will have a menu screen that you can access, for setting the time manually, configuration, factory reset, etc. We are talking about support for simple pairing. We are paying particular attention to making sure that the Bluetooth pairing process is both robust and simple for users. Bluetooth pairing is probably one of the first things people will do when they strap on their AGENT watch, and we are passionate about making the out of box experience delightful :) @Clev Wong -- from Chris -- If a single lady was wearing an AGENT watch and was passing by, I would certainly want to know. That's' a cool lady, and I'd want to meet her for sure! I'll take that app :) AGENT's dual-mode Bluetooth chip does technically have the ability to act as slave to two masters. But working for two bosses, potentially at the same time, would be tricky. Which one would you watch be controlling music on? Etc. For version 1, we would like to reserve the second slave connection--but if we can figure out a good way to sync with two phones in the future, we can upgrade that in-field. You can plug the Qi charger into a portable USB battery pack, sure! It would be really awesome if someone built a Qi charger that had a battery inside too! That's one of the awesome things about Qi: interoperability. Just like USB, anyone can built a gadget to make your gadget better :) @RVerpalen -- yes, we will have a companion app for AGENT for iPhone, Android, and Windows Phone 8. @Abesh Bhattacharjee -- we will stack notifications. There is a limit to how much we can store in the RAM allocated to notifications, but 2-3 notifications should be fine. Worst case we cut off the "scrolled off the screen" portion of them if you get too many. BTW, you may ask: why do we pre-allocate RAM for notification when we have an awesome garbage collector. The reason is that we want your app to be able to use all the available RAM, and to have a predictable amount of RAM available. So we're trying to pre-allocate buffers for our background requirements. @RVerpalen -- I knew we shouldn't have let him wear the prototype white watch! :) We are playing with ceramics, seeing if a white watch is possible. If it is--you'll be able to select it when you pick your watchstrap later this year. White is really, really tricky. We didn't show it on the page or in the official photos because we just don't know if it's going to be possible to make at this price point and with all this technology until it's through all of its testing and certification. White is also notorious for getting dirty, requiring windows for ambient light sensors, etc. We're tinkering to see what is possible. I for one--would love to wear a white one. Chris @Kueh -- Bluetooth is on by default. We'd prefer not to have timers which turn it on/off. We' prefer to find ways to make Bluetooth even more power efficient...rather than making you look at your clock to figure out if your Bluetooth was on or off ;) Turning off vibration automatically at night (maybe even during certain hours--and when the light sensor sees that it is dark) could be a really cool "smart" feature. Great idea. Hmm :) Not sure we have time for that in version 1--but let's think about that for an in-field update. Franois -- you will want to run your AGENT smartwatch in normal mode, with Bluetooth on. The "watchface-only" mode is only for people who want to converse power, or who are low on battery power. Watchfaces do have access to read the current battery level. So you could make a cool digital watchface which checked the battery level every minute and drew a cool bar made of blocks on the screen which represented the remaining battery life. @Franois -- you are very kind. We believe in developers: they make the app world go 'round. answers: 1) We will let you choose your local culture, so that settings like KM/MI and F/C appear properly, automatically. This is something we're finalizing right now, and we'll post an official update talking about culture settings in more depth. For AM/PM and 24hr, that's up to the watchface. You set you preference, and the watchface should follow it--unless the watchface developer really only wants to use one style and in true artist fashion ignores your preference ;) 2) "Watchface-only" mode is when you only use your watch as a cool timepiece. No Bluetooth. Most users will use their watch as a timepiece normally, with Bluetooth on in the background, and then run apps a few times a day. You can actually get pretty good battery life with Bluetooth on and just using watch faces--well in excess of 7 days, but not the 30 days you can get if Bluetooth is off. @CK -- P.S. I think we determined that pairing with passcode was the least-common-denominator across all supported smartphones. We like to keep the experience consistent for everyone. But if we can find a good way to make things even simpler--while not confusing people--it's even better. That said, pairing with a 4 digit passcode once with that # on both displays isn't too bad :) @CK -- right now we're using passcode, but that's a legacy limitation of the chipset we used in the prototypes. With the new Bluetooth + Bluetooth LE stack on the production circuitry, we have a lot of flexibility. I'll revisit the pairing question with our team. Great feedback. Yes, you will be able to turn off Bluetooth on your watch. Our prototypes didn't have that ability, but our production circuitry can power down the entire Bluetooth subsystem. An analog watchface with date and day would be great. On the phone app -- that's a clever idea. No, we don't have that feature. You could build it though! I suppose that's like "find my phone" in reverse? ;) @A Blue -- your math does not compute :) Simple time/date apps (like watchfaces) are much lower power than 600uA. Like 15% or less. To eat through the entire battery in a single day, a user would need to be running a power-hungry app. We believe in freedom, so we allow you to run those--but we warn the user that it's not an optimized app and their battery life will suffer. That app would have to use about 4200uA of power (7 times the recommended amount) and the user would have to use it for 24 hours straight. Or it would have to amuse itself for 24 hours straight. I do hope that you choose to pledge for a watch so you can have your very own AGENT on your wrist. And you're welcome to write really power hungry un-optimized apps if you want :) Freedom, on your wrist. We like freedom. Anyway, let's move the conversation to another venue. I'd be happy to continue it with you privately. And again--if anyone else has questions about power management, please feel free to ask. @Kueh -- this is really tremendous feedback. Thank you. This is part of why we are releasing the preview SDK and emulator at the end of the campaign, and why we want backers to come to hackathons and test with real pre-production hardware. Your feedback enables us to take a good SDK built on an amazing platform and turn it into an amazing SDK before launch :) For your other question -- right now the user needs to activate an app. But we do have a provision for the "remote display" functionality to be activated from the phone, so I don't see any reason why we can't activate your app from the phone automatically. We'd just have to switch out the currently-running foreground application. And maybe let the user choose to be prompted for permission to launch the app. @Kueh -- sorry, just realized that I missed the second half of your question. Right now we're focused on power monitoring rather than CPU usage because CPU usage is generally super-low on a smartwatch (averaging 5% or less). Because we live in a managed code environment, we can technically count the amount of time each of your applications' instructions are running and create a full-blown CPU % measuring mechanism. But that's a pretty big job and we'd have to optimize it so it didn't consume a lot of power when you weren't using it. Phase 2+ :) @Clev Wong -- is this a computer game? How does it communicate with your phone? Or is it running on your phone? We'll provide a generic notification API which you can use, from your smartphone, to push notifications to the watch. @CK -- great questions. 1) From your smartphone, you select the watch from a list of available devices (like you would a headset) and type in the default pin. We'll be creating a UI that shows this pin on the screen. 2) You can manually disconnect and connect to the watch through the Bluetooth settings in your phone. We may also be able to expose this in the companion app on your phone. 3) Digital watchfaces with seconds can still get 30 days, but the seconds need to be on a small set of vertical lines so that the full screen doesn't need to be refreshed every second. Analog watch faces require that a lot of lines be refreshed every second between the 10 and 2 and 4 and 8 positions, so we may want to switch off the second hands in watchface-only mode. 4) Yes, no Bluetooth in watchface-only mode. Bluetooth takes around 100uA of power when it's idling, as much or more than the rest of the watch :) BTW--we've done a lot of power tuning in the hardware, but we are doing even more in the software. Questions like this really help, because tuning is in effect balancing different needs. So if second hands are really important to backers (in watchface-only mode) for an analog clock, we can literally take that into the equation. :) Chris @Kueh -- like most modern smartphones, we're generally limiting non-core apps to "just one app running in the foreground at a time." Over time we'll work on mechanisms to keep the battery life good while enabling background services (push notifications, timed thread calls, etc.) But generally your power measurements _are_ your app. BTW, when you debug your app, you will usually run it in exclusive mode. Debugging takes a bit of extra power, but you can get a good idea for how much power you're using--without anything else going on--while debugging. Finally, one note on power metering: we actually prefer to measure it with Bluetooth turn on _and_ off. Bluetooth actually consumes more power in WiFi/Bluetooth-heavy environments like skyscrapers than it does in the countryside. We're working on some ways to normalize this. This stuff gets pretty deep, but we're trying to simplify it as much as possible so developers can focus on their apps instead of the details of power management. The numbers are just there to help them optimize. @Franois -- from Chris -- we sleep in shifts :) Well, sometimes at least. It's really important to us and to me personally to connect with our backers and understand your passion, your wants, and your needs. We want to share the deep technical story behind AGENT with you now and as we take this journey over the next six months together. We also want to help keep Kickstarter awesome. From Chris, for everyone who loves math: On the project home page, in the "Precision Power Metering" section, we show some current measurements along our actual power consumption recommendation scale. AGENT can measure both real-time current measurement and average current measurement. Both are important, but the most important figure is average current. That's what we're showing in the gauges. The first app is averaging 600uA. Green is a happy color. Most users won't use apps more than a few hours a day, with super-efficient watchfaces running the rest of the time. But some users will keep an app running 24x7. The green area is the recommendation area for apps used around the clock, and this app is right at the top of the green area. BTW, about 100uA of the 600uA is the Bluetooth chip turned on but idling in the background, idling. 600uA * 24 hours * 7 days = 100.8mAh. That's roughly the size of our battery. The second app (yellow, 2499uA) is consuming about 4 times as much power. This is a more traditional app--one that you wouldn't run more than a few hours a day at the maximum. An example would be a connected exercise app which connects to a Bluetooth LE heart rate monitor chest strap and pulls GPS data from your phone. NOTE: for simpler "pedometer" applications, you'll use a _lot_ less power. The third app (red, 3332uA) is an app which is outside of our comfort zone a bit. This is an app which would be used only occasionally. An example of this could be an interactive game you play with another person wearing an AGENT watch--with quite a bit of Bluetooth chatter and fun animations. You can go way past the gauge in the red zone--but if you pass 5000uA by too much we need to flag the app as a "power drain" app and AGENT will need to warn users that their battery life may suffer when they launch the app (at least the first time). For fun, I'll throw out one more number: watchfaces average 100uA or less. That enables them to run for a month on a single charge. In summary, the key to good battery life is using power wisely. Much like how spending less money than we get in our paycheck helps avoid running out of money :) We've built a system around measuring and carefully consuming power. And tools for developers to optimize their apps, so that users have a great experience. We'll continue refining tools and best-practice recommendations; I'm really excited to see what you awesome folks build! @A Blue -- from Chris -- the comments section is probably not the most organized forum to drill into specific questions about battery life; lots of valuable data will get buried pages down in a day. And on the flip side, some backers may tire of digging into the same question over multiple comments and multiple pages of the comments section. If we had forums here, we'd have an awesome way to organize these sorts of "threaded" questions. Let me share some concrete examples for everyone's benefit really quick, and then we can do a really cool expansion on the power system in an update. I'd love to pull out a multimeter and grab real-time and average power consumption figures from the power metering chips. I'm pretty sure that quite a few folks here are electrical techies--or would love to learn more generally. If you have any other questions beyond this one, I'm more than happy to answer them for you--but we should take those into a private conversation so we don't clutter the comments section. If other existing backers have other power questions, we can certainly continue the power conversation here. Or we can do a dedicated project update about power--and we can chat about power in the comments for that update. @A Blue -- for better or worse, it's a complicated answer. Our math and measurements demonstrate battery life that is equal to or greater than what we're quoting as typical. In the end we make a judgment call based on measurements, calculations and experience. We trust in math and measurements :) If backers want very technical details, we can drill down into those--either here or in a really cool update where we pull out a multimeter and show you real-time stats from the power metering chips. But as far as simple explanations go..."7 days typical, 30 days watchface-only mode" is probably the best answer. We're grateful that you are backing our dream of making the AGENT watch a reality, helping us move this smartwatch onto backers' wrists. Chris @Qadiym Stewart -- so, technically, VB apps should work too. But we wanted to focus and make sure we supported C# really well with the first release. VB support in .NET MF is pretty new and we'd need to allocate some engineering resources to putting it through its paces :) That said--you are welcome to write apps in VB. We can't offer a ton of support, but you may be able to make an awesome app with it and convince us to build a bunch of tutorials. We love VB and we'd love to support it...it's just a matter of getting this first release out without scope creep :) @Adam Scott -- we can't promise that a vibrating alarm will be "silent" ;) But we will include an alarm, countdown timer, and stopwatch feature in your AGENT smartwatch. @A Blue -- if you take a look at our validation board (center of the photo in the "Road to your Wrist" section, we have jumpers which let us measure power in-line to every major subsystem of the AGENT's electronics circuitry. We can also plug into all three voltage rails. In layman's terms -- we measure power by calculating the amount of current the microcontroller and other parts are using in sleep mode, and then the power it is using when it's active in various states. We make educated guesses about how often you'll be getting notifications and how often you'll be running apps. And then we arrive at a number. This is Kickstarter, and these watches are prototypes, and we still have tuning to do. We having an amazingly power-efficient system. If you're a power-user, you can certainly get a shorter battery life. We'll even let you run apps which suck your battery dry quickly--although we'll try to give you a warning first, to make sure you understand that you're running an app which doesn't fit the power guidelines. We can't give you exact numbers today for your exact environment, your particular usage patterns, etc. But we can say that we've done and continue to do a ridiculous amount of engineering to squeeze efficiency out of the microwatts of power in your watch. @Qadiym Stewart -- the main micro has 2MB of flash onboard, and about 1/4 of that is used by the OS. .NET MF apps are tiny because they're compacted IL code, and the images are super-efficient too. You'll be able to fit a lot of smartly-coded apps and watchfaces on your smartwatch. Kueh -- from Chris -- a Calendar app on your watch would be awesome! This is something we should definitely enable. Once we publish the SDK, please email me directly and we'll find a way to make that happen. It may not be for launch, or it may need to be a collaboration of some sort, but I want that on my AGENT :) I was browsing the calendar APIs for WP8 recently! Franois -- we've only tested switching tracks previous/next and pause/play. But there's a lot of metadata in newer AVRCP profiles, so there's a chance we can do more there :) Or...3rd party developers can build super-music-apps! We can probably also do volume control on some phones. @Kueh -- yes, we will absolutely have an alarm and a stopwatch and a countdown timer in version 1. We're going to have to think about how to enable that from the SDK. We want to make sure apps are trustable and don't go crazy, changing your alarm time on you. ;) Once we release the preview SDK and emulator, we'll be asking for tons of feedback. We'll use that feedback to refine it into the SDK and emulator you'll get before the watches ship. We'll also hold hackathons (we can afford one in NYC now, more in other metros with more funding) with pre-production hardware so you can test your apps and tune for power consumption. We're here to give you more power, for amazing apps. Let us know what we need; we can start that conversation right now. @Kueh -- right now we're focused on enabling apps to be launched on-demand by the user (by selecting the app). You will also be able to launch the "secondary display" app on the watch from a compatible smartphone app, automatically. That said--we are evaluating ways to implement the task scheduling and background worker-type features that you see on platforms like Windows Phone 8. We can't promise anything for version 1--but we have an amazingly powerful core platform and we can do a lot to extend it. We just want to make sure we do it cautiously, so that apps and users don't suffer. This is a tiny device that doesn't have the massive resources of a PC or smartphone. But we can do a lot with a tiny watch :) @Franois -- as a watch-wearer, Bluetooth Classic and Bluetooth LE will work the same from the user point of view. Range is different and Bluetooth LE gives us some cool features. Also, some of the features like music control have to go through Bluetooth Classic anyway (using the AVRCP Bluetooth profile). Our goal with the dual-mode radio is to make sure you have a super-capable watch. You can let us worry about making the technical side work, and focus on getting joy out of your watch. And if you're a developer or a technology enthusiast, please ask tech questions! There are SO many tech tidbits we can share. We're engineers...and we dig deep. Y. Chung -- from Chris -- we actually have to be careful to _not_ change the core design of the watch, or else we'd compromise our schedule. There's always room for a version 2 down the road. We're building both an amazing smartwatch and a platform for the future here. And right now we need to focus on delivering smartwatches and empowering developers. The only things we really left out that we'd love to pack in are _really_ expensive and in some cases compromise other parts of the system. Well, and we couldn't use outer-space-grade components ;) We pretty much got everything we dreamed of in there--after many many revisions. We do have a few other things we can do as upgrades to the watch itself as we get more funding from our amazing backers; most of those are software and feature related. More to come on those as we can afford to do them. We are _so_ humbled at the outpouring of support. Hi Y. Chung, great question. As an electronics company, price is always on our mind. Our Netduino boards are really nice--yes surprisingly affordable. We do a lot of revisions to find ways to pack both premium and affordable into the same package. In the case of AGENT, we knew that we wanted to build a smartwatch with no compromises but we also knew that we couldn't go blue-sky-crazy. So we first picked the components that we had to have to meet our design goals--and then we added the things that we wanted to have. At the $100,000 goal our cost was actually a little bit over our price target because we packed so much in--but the extra funds from new backers are enabling us to bring that cost down a bit and squeeze in an extra upgrade or two without affecting the schedule. The leather watchstrap upgrade is an example of that. @BarryKingLive -- No problem; questions are great! No piezo/speaker inside. Tiny speakers don't sound so awesome, which didn't match with our premium quality design. It's also very tight in there--and subtle vibrations are a really nice way to know that you just got a notification :) Loud beeps in a meeting...not so good. Chris Franois -- just so you know, the most recent versions of Bluetooth on Android are not super-compatible with Bluetooth LE across the board. So it's actually the Bluetooth Classic side of your phone--with Bluetooth SPP for phone-to-watch data communication--that you'll be using. If the next version of Android gets awesome standardized Bluetooth LE support...then we'll be able to switch you over on the fly :) @Paul Houghton -- P.S. If we do install a few extra apps on the watch by default (so you have more fun things to do right away), you will be able to remove them. We'll do some user experience testing to see which way feels "right". @Paul Houghton -- out of the box, it will tell time and invite you to make it your own by downloading apps through your phone :) We'll provide sample apps for all of the features in the video -- and we're making it possible for a world of 3rd-party apps to meet your desires. :) @Erik Noren -- oh! So currently the watch will come pre-installed with time/stopwatch/timer, the core OS (for settings, etc.), music control, and perhaps the sample weather app. We don't want to clutter it. We'll have additional apps from Secret Labs (sample exercise app, for instance), and there should be quite a few apps from 3rd-party developers (backer developers!) at or near launch. Remember--AGENT is a smartwatch platform running a really nice OS/runtime. So it's all about the apps that you customize your watch with. @Paul Houghton -- the photos are of our latest prototypes, precision-milled out of aluminum and powder coated. We're still evaluating materials (stainless steel, aluminum, brushed ceramics, nice lexan materials) to determine which one is most beautiful, rugged, and RF-passive. The top-left button activates the backlight; bottom-left changes apps; three buttons on the right are up/select/down and can be used for custom purposes by apps. So sorry, but not quite sure what your second-to-last question is asking. Can you ask again, in different words? Thank you. Any accent color around the rim is probably a reflection :) The watches are gorgeous. Thanks for your support! @Joe Kelly -- you really don't need to worry about the watch losing time. Unless you leave it with the battery dead. And yes, for phones where we can run an app in the background, it can automatically sync time and update your time zone when you get off the plane :) As far as airplanes go: you can turn off the Bluetooth radio in AGENT. You can also turn it "off". Some countries have laws about operating wireless devices on planes, so we are giving you the option to exercise your good judgment there. @Caleb Wong -- thanks for the PM. We're typing as fast as we can. So many backers; we want to make sure we respond to every message :) The bundled Qi charger will look similar to the one in the photo. Small, rounded, MicroUSB-powered. For Kickstarter backers--we'll do something to show off your backing status. @Maxime Marical -- from Chris -- Melon does look pretty cool! Can you ping them and ask them to email us? Contact info is at the very bottom of agentwatches.com. We'll ping them too. We'd be happy to help them put together a Melon app for AGENT. Thanks! @lumar -- thank you for the feedback. We'll see what we can do with materials to keep AGENT looking nice after some abuse :) @Stefan Thoolen - we're not sure yet if we'll be able to adjust vibration strength from software. We really need to get the final watchcase molds and everything bundled up to determine what kind of range capabilities we have there. On a technical note, we drive the motor via PWM. So yes, in theory, we can adjust its speed via software. Also...you can pulse out vibration patterns. Which should be fun. Just don't use up all your battery power making the watch dance around a table! :) @Dylan Dwyer - AGENT has a nice vibration motor. You can pulse it to create vibration patterns. No speaker. We want a waterproof watch--and most tiny speakers are tinny. Tinny is not premium. @Erik Shinkle -- from Chris -- we're tuning the vibration motor to be strong enough for you to notice but not so strong that you want to tear it off your wrist :) I don't know that it would be a great alarm, at least for me, since I tend to sleep pretty soundly. @Srihari Paulsamy -- the weather app is getting data from a smartphone app (which got the data from the Internet). Some phone platforms could enable us to effectively set up an HTTP proxy of sorts on the phone too--so that opens up a whole other world of possibilities down the road. @Dung Nguyen -- yes, we will absolutely provide an online community. We do this with Netduino today (at <url>ois -- AGENT is pretty powerful and flexible. Developers will write watch apps that run on the watch. And some developers will just write code _inside smartphone apps_ which uses the watch as a remote Bluetooth display. Lots of options, for maximum capabilities. We recommend writing native watch apps in C#, since it gives you the best performance and best battery life. P.S. Ooh, that offer sounds delicious! So tempting. Nom nom nom :) @Srihari Paulsamy -- 1) We won't know weight until we finish testing materials for RF passivity and watertight-seal compatibility, but it won't be super-light or super-heavy. 2) The Qi charging plate does come with a USB cable that can charge from a PC or your wall adapter. We don't include a wall adapter because that _really_ complicates international shipping and frankly everyone has one and we don't want to add to landfills any more than necessary. 3) The watch can keep a constant connection to the phone, albeit preferably one that's a low-power sleepy link. It gets GPS from your phone, from a companion app (either ours or a third-party app). Great questions! @Dylan Dwyer -- that's a great question. First, yes, the flash is permanent (non-volatile) storage. If you reboot or replace the battery, it will retain data. If you remove the battery, you will need to set (or re-sync) the time again of course. When the battery is almost completely dead, the main micro will shut off and you'll lose your current time. We do have a "rough" internal RTC on the second micro which can keep time for a while longer, but we're not sure if we want to enable that: time that's not quite accurate could be annoying. @Maxime Marical -- we know that customs in Germany and Brazil are particular about everything matching up, and will be working with knowledgeable people in Germany and with German customs if necessary to make sure your watches are shipped with the proper CE markings, paperwork, etc. @Franois -- from Chris -- shipping to France is a big yes. We can't ship to countries that are embargoed by the USA like Cuba and North Korea. I just wish I could deliver the watch to France personally and enjoy some French culture and delicious croissants! @TheIndieArmy -- ifttt.com would be cool. AGENT has a powerful dev platform, so it's highly likely someone (or many someones) will build support for it. It would be cool to get an AGENT icon on ifttt.com for recipes too. @Huang Mu-Ti -- from Chris -- no special titanium edition, although that would be cool! I love that kind of metal too. Also unobtanium, although I haven't been able to get my hands on any yet. :( On a more serious note, we need to keep the watch case materials consistent so that FCC test results are compatible across watches. Designing, tuning, and certifying these products for worldwide distribution is a big part of our road to production, and we don't want to add complications that can cause unnecessary delays. We're focused on delivering, enabling us to do more cool stuff with our backers down the road. @Brandon Higgins -- AGENT is a premium watch, and is designed to last you for years of use. The battery should last at least 2 years, with 100s of charge cycles. And yes, the watch can be repaired--including replacement of the rechargeable battery. That was one of our key design requirements. We'd love to see iOS 7 open up and enable even more use scenarios than the powerful set we have today. The amazing competition from the other phone platforms makes our world happy. @Dung Nguyen and @Huang Mu-Ti -- really good point. Since AGENT has Bluetooth SPP, you can certainly write watch apps which talk to apps on your PC or Mac. It doesn't depend on your smartphone, but both your phone and watch are even better when they're together. @Jos Antonio Castao -- we don't know how many notifications iPhone can reliably support--but we'll work within Apple's constraints to give you a great experience with your watch. We may also be able to tie into notification center, etc. via "powertools" if you want to amp things up further. @Jos Antonio Castao -- every phone and phone OS has its own peculiarities. Caller ID, music control, notifications from apps--all of that is available on your iPhone 4S. Until we submit our app to Apple's App Store, we won't know with absolute certainty what they'll let you do with your phone and your watch--but based on our tests, their documentation and other approved iPhone apps we have high confidence that you'll get tons of great functionality with iPhone 4S and the AGENT smartwatch. @Maxime Marical -- we'll publish a preview version of the SDK and emulator immediately after the Kickstarter campaign ends (in 28 days). We'll take in all the feedback to refine that into a final production SDK, so that we can have lots of apps before AGENT watches start arriving in mailboxes :) @Martin -- we're working on a list of character sets that we can support. AGENT uses Unicode to store all text (in UTF-8 format). It's been built for international language support, from day one. Our UI is in English, and we have an "English and accented characters" font on the device. Of course apps can embed any font they'd like in any language. And even better--the extra Kickstarter funds are going to help us license fonts for other character sets (such as Cyrillic) so that notifications come through in your native language. There are some limitations since apps might not know what to do with beautiful RTL languages like Hebrew--and some character sets are just too huge for a little watch. We're not sure how much this is going to cost, or if some of them might need to be small software add-ons (via an app store), but we're aware and we're working on it. @A Blue -- we love that there are so many watches in the world to pick from. It makes it easy to find one you love. And with AGENT, you can even switch up the watchfaces so that you arrive at events in personalized style. I think that you might be getting a bit of pushback because most of the people here are here because the believe in the AGENT vision and they want to help make it a reality, and so they'd like to keep the conversation on the topic of what they can do with AGENT, how they can do it, and what they can do to make everyone's watches even more amazing. Anyway, thanks for your support. We're so excited that you all have helped us make AGENT a reality. @sudeep raju -- no official support for Blackberry 10, but if someone from Blackberry wants to give us a call--we'd be happy to see what we can do to support you guys too! Do you know anyone over there? [Note: it might need to be very basic support at launch, if any. We're very focused on delivering what we're working on now--and we don't want to compromise schedules with scope changes. I know I say that a lot, but "keeping trains running on time" is pretty important.] @Pete Brown -- we heart you too. Thank you for your support! @David McMurry -- purple accent stitching would be cool! @TheIndieArmy -- if you want a stealth look, go for the black stitching. It gives it a bit of style but generally looks pretty awesome. See <url>" hex wrenches :) @cherepets -- Windows Phone 8 has Bluetooth support for talking to devices like AGENT. Wnidows Phone 7 was awesome--but missed this one critical feature. Any chance a happy elf is bringing you a WP8 upgrade this Christmas? BTW -- you _may_ be able to get Caller ID and music control to work with your WP7 device, since we use standard Bluetooth profiles. Not something we've tested, but we do use standards. You would not be able to load watch apps onto your AGENT from your WP7 though, for sure. @Huang Mu-Ti -- Agent has a 3D accelerometer, so it can count steps and sense motion in apps, no problem. It also has Bluetooth--so it can pull in heart rate data from a chest strap (like the one our female runner is wearing in the video) and GPS data for distance (from an app on your cellphone). Tons of connectivity options; developers will take that connectivity and run with it. :) @David McMurry -- additional case colors like Purple would be cool indeed. But those are also the things that can really drive a schedule off its tracks, with lots of materials testing required and possibly a second set of FCC/CE testing. Straps and watchfaces are a great way to personalize your watch--and I bet that third parties will come up with some creative skins of Colorware-style paint options for those who want to really amp up the personal factor. @Dylan Dwyer -- our goal is to build a watch that doesn't need a screen protector. If it's a concern for you, we'll be happy to work with one of the screen protector companies to help them cut some film. On NFC, we looked at NFC, but it's so darn expensive and the dual-coil (Qi + NFC) would have made the watch too big. We're still looking at it, and we would love to build a watch with it down the road someday. @Roman Kadlec -- 1. Qi is smart, and the wireless charging chip in AGENT is clever. Just set the watch on a charger, wall-powered or USB-powered. The charger won't deliver more power than requested and the watch won't overcharge the battery. 2. There's no contact book in AGENT today, but I can't think of a reason why that app couldn't be created by us or a third-party. Not sure how efficient it would be as an app--but it would be cool :) @Maxime Marical - we will provide an AGENT app for your smartphone (iPhone, Android, Windows Phone). You'll be able to use it to load apps onto your smartwatch. Sorry if that wasn't clear! We do love Sapphire, and it's used on the Bedlam watches. We're actually testing it and other glasses with AGENT, determining RF performance. The glass lens that's on the prototypes is really nice and hasn't scratched, and I'm terrible about scratching things. -- Chris @Ng Boon Chin - the Qi charging base is comparable, but since it's powered by USB you won't get high-amperage charging like you can from a wall-powered Qi charger. It's Qi 1.1 compatible. For the watch--it's perfect. Regarding your phone...it will probably charge your phone slower. @CK -- Melon looks pretty cool! Do you know if they use Bluetooth Classic or LE? We support both--but if they use Bluetooth LE they might be able to create a low-power app on AGENT which graphs data on an always-on screen! @Kristin -- we'd love it if you take photos and share them with the community when you get your watch; we're pretty confident that you'll love it. We really want you to get a smile on your face when you lace it on your wrist in the morning. :) @Kueh -- the female runner in the video was wearing a Zephyr heart rate sensor (chest strap). But AGENT isn't really limited to any one chest strap. We'll support at least that one in the sample app--but our creative community of developers is bound to support quite a few others as well :) I would wait before going out and buying one to use with your watch though, until we have a list of officially supported ones or your favorite app developer has one for you. We can't officially recommend any specific products from other companies--but we may be doing some "preference testing" to determine which ones we want to support in the sample exercise app. Bluetooth SPP or Bluetooth LE (GATT) is what you'll want the heart monitor to support. @Kristin Lear -- AGENT is unisex, and looks pretty awesome on a lot of women. Right now we're super-focused on delivery AGENT watches to our backers--but we'd love to make a specifically-feminine version some day down the line. Thank you for supporting us! @Abhijeet Pathak -- you want to run a sleep tracker in the background, so that you can use another app in the foreground--while you're asleep? :) :) :) Right now we're running all apps in the foreground on the watch, similar to how smartphones limit background processes to preserve stability and battery life. We are looking into ways to enable activation of background threads on demand (via notifications, etc.) but I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves for version 1. Let's see what we can build with the current powerful SDK--and then we'll tune and refine from there. @YAN KIN MAN -- The prototypes in the video and the photos feature the leather straps already. Our silicon watchstrap design is spec'd to mirror the size and stitching of the leather straps--and we wanted to make sure that we represented the final design as closely as possible. We'll take photos of AGENT watches with both the silicon straps and the leather ones, so you can pick your preference. For most people, it'll simply be a material preference--since they're the same color and size and the same color of stitching. If you skip to 2:24 in our Kickstarter video, you can actually see a bunch of our early prototype silicon watchstraps on Lawrence's drawing desk. The prototypes are nice, and the production ones will be even nicer. @Abhijeet Pathak -- AGENT has a built-in 3D accelerometer, so you could run a watch app which tracks sleep. Absolutely. There's no built-in app for that today, but I anticipate that quite a few developers who backed this project are already thinking about building a sleep tracking app. I'd use a sleep tracking app for sure! On features you can use without your phone--it's basically anything except for GPS (distance, location), data that's on the smartphone, and your Internet connection. We should make one of our project updates all about this actually, helping everyone understand the powerful things you can do with AGENT standalone--and then what additional things you can do when it's connected to your phone, to a heart rate monitor chest strap (like the female runner in the video), etc. @Robert Holbert -- you have an update :) We wanted to make sure we found the right way to say "thank you" so it took a few extra minutes. You folks are AMAZING. @derek williams -- funny enough, Corning kind of had the same reaction when I called them. @Brad Haigh - oh yes, so true. And here in the USA, we have some states that opt out of DST. And some that do DST in part of the state but not in others, split the state into different time zones, etc. Luckily we have the kinds of engineers who--if you ask them what time sunset is--they'll ask if you "civil, nautical, or astronomical?" :) We'll be hammering away at these kinds of little details; just please let us know if we missed something so we can make your experience awesome. @Huang Mu-Ti -- so sorry, I didn't know that model was a phone. Cool. The Bluetooth 4.0 radio in the production AGENT watches is dual-mode, so it works with both classic Bluetooth (2.1/3.0) and the new Bluetooth Low Energy mode (only found in Bluetooth 4.0). So if you have Android 2.3 or newer, and Bluetooth 2.1 or newer, you should be good to go. @Thomas Trutch -- as Lee alluded, iPhone 4 doesn't have Bluetooth LE. iPhone 4S added Bluetooth LE, enabling phone apps to communicate with peripherals (and therefore watch apps). Technically you may be able to use your phone with the caller ID and music control features--but we haven't tested that. Apple should release a new iPhone this year; any chance Santa can get you one (or even a 4S) for Christmas? :) @Christopher Burnett -- The anti-glare glass lens is mineral glass. We love glass because it doesn't scratch easily. We're evaluating other types of glass as well--but so far mineral glass has the best balance of clarity, scratch resistance, and RF passivity. It's also pretty :) @Rodney Bowman -- we built a watch that doesn't compromise, so we didn't really leave anything "out". And we don't want to compromise our delivery dates. So we need to do "stretch goals" a bit different than the traditional way. Combined with feedback from backers, we're actively investigating ways to enhance backers' watches--and ways that we can support developers even better (so that your watches do even more). Crossing the $300,000 threshold enables us to offer the first stretch bonus; we'll share details about that a bit later tonight. We are so humbled and so grateful for all of our backers' pledges--and we want to make sure we leverage those funds and find smart ways to enhance your rewards. We're super excited to do so. @Omar Shareef -- for backers who have pledged so far, estimated delivery is this December. @Dylan Dwyer -- yes, we'll take care of day of week for you and all that. Also DST and summer time, although that's a complicated one so we may need to tweak that in-field if we don't get a specific country's DST requirements straight. Here's a link to the System.DateTime class documentation: <url>"on the minute" rather than continuously. It's as fast as a traditional LCD, but animating continuously will put you into a higher power-consumption tier. @Cody Sloat -- that's a great idea. We definitely want to give backers something which says that their smartwatch is a Kickstarter Edition--that they helped make the AGENT smartwatch happen. @Francis Beaulieu - we can look into making a special 30ATM watch in the future for diving. Right now, we are staying focused on delivering the best all-occasion smartwatch possible to our amazing backers :) @Michel -- that's really good feedback. We are compiling a list of FAQs today, to add to the main page--and will also see if there's a good way to fit some more specs in there. The main page already has so much technical content--and we'd love to add more--but we don't want to make it tiresome to wade through technical specs, however excited we are about them :) And we don't want to wear you out wading through comments here, looking for extra specs, either! With your feedback, we'll try to find the right balance there. Thank you for your support! Chris @Paul Houghton -- yes, we will continue adding enhancements to the watch and publishing firmware updates via the companion phone app. We are also looking into how much power we can deliver from our Qi charger, when plugged into a wall USB adapter. That may not be something we know during this campaign--but I do agree that it would be great to get a small portable charger that charged your phone too! Chris @eliter1 -- you can swap in other 22mm watchstraps if you'd like to customize even further. The silicon watchstrap is great for exercising and swimming and looks good for regular use too. The stitching really helps set it apart. AGENT uses two ~1/16" hex screws to attach the watch pin, which is a really cool design feature. You can just grab two ~1/16" hex wrenches and swap out the strap in a minute! Just make sure not to torque them crazy tight...hex wrenches give you a lot of leverage :) @Huang Mu-Ti -- technically AGENT will probably work with Android tablets in addition to Android phones. We're really focused on the phone experience, but we'll be looking at tablets later this year. We'd love to support Surface too. It's likely we also support iPad out of the box (except without caller ID, since iPad has no "phone" feature)--but we haven't tested that. We do use standard Bluetooth profiles (HFP, PBAP, RVACP, SPP, etc.) @Abesh Bhattacharjee -- the brand new Cortex-M4 micro that we're using is the ATSAM4SD32. It has 2MB of onboard flash and 160KB of RAM -- and RAM retention in its ~33uA sleep mode. For a microcontroller, it pretty hefty--and it's one of the keys to our advanced power management. Managed code executables are pretty small, since IL code is concise and most of their core logic is in runtime classes which are already in flash. That means that some apps will be just a few hundred or a few thousand bytes. Some watchfaces will be 8BK or less with 1-bit compressed graphics. Some apps will be huge and powerful. To make this simple, we're allocating "blocks" to apps. We'll have about 50 blocks--although this number may change (possibly going higher and making blocks smaller to be more efficient). We want developers to have an easy way to predict their storage capacity and users to have a simple system for measuring how many apps they can fit onto their wrist-wear. Chris @Caleb Wong -- part of what we'll be using the extra Kickstarter funds for is extra UI design and developing some guidelines recommendation. We are big fans of Alan Cooper's design philosophies, and will be reaching out to some of our UX friends. Right now we've kept things simple and efficient--and we'll continue that--but we'll also be able to make things even prettier and refine the intuitive nature :) @Glass -- we haven't noticed any major drain on battery life from Windows Phone 8 running Bluetooth. It all depends, really, on how much chattering your apps are doing. High-CPU games on a phone can drain battery quicker than casual games, for instance.. Luckily we have power metering on the watch to help developers understand how much power they're using there--and you can estimate phone Bluetooth consumption somewhat from that too. As phones gain Bluetooth Low Energy support, apps can focus on small efficient packets of data. Bluetooth LE still takes power, and dual-mode radios aren't as efficient in LE mode as single-mode radios, but it does extend power when software is optimized for it. @Francois Theroux -- the strap with "gray" stitching is the "black" strap. It's pretty dark, although we used lots of light when we took the strap color photo. The straps are pretty durable. We can't guarantee crack-proof, but we're pretty confident in them. They feel nice too. @CK - the current watch face is the home screen. This isn't a smartphone, so there's no a big menu to greet you when you turn it on. Instead, it tells time. And then makes it easy to access the other apps and rich featureset. Being a fantastic watch, before everything else, is really important. If you have 30 watchfaces installed--which is probably a lot more than you'd normally want--you can rotate between them with the top and bottom buttons on the right side. Apps will be listed in an app selection menu (accessed by the bottom-left button). They're completely separate from watchfaces, since they're logically very different beasts. This gives you good, simple organization too. BTW--you can press and hold the bottom-left button at any time to go back to the watchface :) @Weisgerber Laurent -- 1. Power consumption is spec'd at 60uW (power) -- which is 20uA (current) times 3V (voltage) :) But that's just a number thrown out there. There's static power consumption, power consumption when the display is changing, etc. We have lots of ways of optimizing this even further, including only refreshing screen lines which have actually changed. 2. Water resistant, ATM is TBD. Getting caught in the rain, washing hands, immersing in water are all fine. We're going to push this as far as we can reasonably do so...but we really won't know until final seals are done. We don't want to overpromise. No scuba diving, we know that :) 3. The display we're using is high-resolution, and perfect for raster fonts. Honestly you can write text so small that it's hard to read, so we're using a font that's a step bigger (and you can use even bigger fonts). We have good contacts at premium technology suppliers, and are continually evaluating the newest upcoming technologies. AGENT uses this display because it's best-in-class. 4. We are well aware of European (especially German) customs regulations. And the same for Brazil. We're already in touch with our friends in Germany and Brazil, and we'll be working with them and the appropriate customs requirements so that CE certifications are correct, paperwork is included properly, etc. Sometimes snafus happen, and we all do the best we can. But this has been one very specific concern for us--and we're on it. 5. We'd love to have an app store. Right now we're focused on empowering developers to create powerful apps with great battery life, and deploying those via side-loading (inside "application domains"). We're looking at how to structure an app store, and we've already gotten some of the financial details worked out for developers (US bank accounts ATM, working on international). We'll continue down this path between the Kickstarter campaign and delivery--but I don't have a date or official commitment to particulars around an app store. We want to do things right, not rush them. 6. Watch apps install on the watch. It's a real platform. You will also be able to use the watch as a remote display, from native code on your phone, via Bluetooth. But on-watch apps are the ultimate. @Heiko Schumann -- we built a watch which doesn't compromise, and we already designed the core circuitry (which was very time consuming, and needed to happen before we launched on Kickstarter so that we didn't introduce crazy delays). BUT...we have identified a few ways that we can make backer watches even better courtesy of the extra funding. And we will be able to do more "boring but really nice" things for developers, like hiring a technical writer to flush out the documentation nicely. We will be announcing the first upgrade made possible by the extra funding by this evening NY time(within the next ten hours). We're finalizing the details right now, to make sure it doesn't compromise our ability to deliver. @BarryKingLive -- thanks for backing us! We're both humbled and excited at all the amazing support! Yes, we run the .NET MF runtime on the watch. You'll have a SerialPort-style class which can pull data from a phone app via Bluetooth. So whatever you want to pass between watch and phone--you have the power :) For REST, you'll want to pull data down on the phone and then transfer it down to the watch. Or capture push notifications and pass them along, etc. We're looking at standard ways to implement some of this, so that everyone can benefit from standard developer services; this is a good candidate for that. No HttpWebRequest on the watch for pulling down data--but technically even that is possible. It would just take a lot of code space. For now, pull data down on your phone and then shuttle it to the watch whenever you need it. For drawing, there's a rich Bitmap class in .NET MF with all the basic drawing primitives. Your app can either exist in "full-screen" or "regular" (with battery and time at top) view--and your canvas will be sized appropriately. Fun fact: the Bitmap class was created for .NET way back in the SPOT watch days a decade ago. .NET MF is a decade newer and radically more awesome than the tech back then, but the drawing primitives are tried and true and awesome. Just call Bitmap.Flush() to update the display when you're done drawing. <url>"watchfaces" vs. "watch apps": 1. Watchfaces are allocated a lower average power budget (as measured by the power metering chip), to ensure really long battery life in watchface-only mode. You will be able to create and use watchfaces with excessive animations if you really want--but when the user switches to watchface-only mode, you'll need to cut down the power consumption :) 2. Watchfaces only get one pushbutton instead of three, the middle-right pushbutton. They should use it to turn on/off seconds, do a fun animation, etc. The up and down buttons on the right side switch between watchfaces. All that said, two more things to add: 3. You can create a watch app which shows time, if you want to use the three buttons on the right for advanced scenarios. Because of our low-power architecture, it can run all the time without "timing out" after a while and returning to the watchface. 4. We may logically separate watchfaces from watch apps in the companion phone app, since people often think of them as separate things. But that doesn't mean they're technically different :) @Kenneth Salomon - we believe in a repairable watch with a replaceable battery, and the next standard battery size is quite a bit bigger. There's a lot of technology in this watch in a very compact space. But we'll continue looking at ways to tune battery life even further via our advanced power management system. The precise power measuring chips really help out here... When you understand how much you're spending, it's much easier to live well on a small budget. If you just spend and spend energy, you can find yourself energy-broke quickly, just like a runaway bank account :) @John -- this is not supported today, but we can investigate it in the future. Our Bluetooth radio technically supports being two slaves at once. But we may want to reserve one of those for advanced features with a single phone. We'll know later this summer/fall for sure. The other concern, of course, is with apps. Which phone has priority? Which phone syncs? Etc. Lots to think about :) @Eliazar Terraza -- our Qi charger is designed for the watch. You could use it to charge other devices--but it might charge them slower than a mains-powered charger. We might be able to make our charger output a higher current by plugging its USB cable into an AC adapter--but that's not something we've tested yet. We typically stay with USB specs of 500mA for USB 2.0, but we know this is an important feature. So we will certainly put it on our research list. @CK -- don't worry about the battery. It's good for several years and several hundred charges. We can keep track of the cycle data in the watch as well. Charging it 10% ten times is about the same thing as charging it 100% once. I wouldn't put it on and off and on and off the charger every 5 minutes...but I wouldn't sweat it :) @Raymond Ng -- Kickstarter doesn't allow multiples in rewards, so that people don't think that prototypes are ready-to-ship finished goods. Which we think is a very reasonable policy. If you want to message me, at a minimum I can get you on a priority list for getting a second watch after the Kickstarter backers' rewards ship. We're here to take care of you; we just want to be good Kickstarter citizens at the same time. @Kuber Chib -- Bluetooth 4.0 is backwards compatible with Bluetooth 2.1, so classic Bluetooth functions (BD/EDR, SPP/AVRCP/PBAP/etc.) will work fine. We don't have a list of phone that concretely work with call answer/reject/etc. quite yet. There are several factors that we really need to test in the field, such as if the user also has a headset attached or a car kit. For now, just pretend that you'll get caller ID and can silence the buzzing...and we'll work to exceed your expectations :) Great question, BTW. Thank you. @Imran Ali - yes, the watch has a vibration motor built in. The "phone lost alert" will vibrate the watch, as will other notifications. We are set up so that caller ID could even vibrate differently based on caller, "vibration tones" if you will. Not implemented yet--but if there are requests it's easy to do for a few callers. @Janardan Nathan - great questions. 1. Yes, we'll be providing a number of watch faces. We wanted to show some variety so we showed one digital and one analog. Several community members are already thinking of new watchfaces...so you should have a lot to pick from :) 2. Estimated charging time from empty is 2 hours. So consider that a day of battery for every 20 minutes of charge :) 3. The top of the watch case is approximately 38mm tall and 35mm wide; the watch case is approximately 12mm deep. The 22mm watch strap attaches to lugs at the ends which add a bit of length, snuggling your wrist. 4. Technically you could probably use Bluetooth LE with some fixed nodes in a home to locate someone. Legally we can't recommend AGENT for life-critical applications. 5. You will be able to cancel phone calls. With compatible phones you can also answer, end, etc. We're adopting the standard hands-free profile to provide these features and caller ID. @Aman Matharoo -- the display is a really cool new Memory Display from Sharp. It comes in one color, black :) If you're looking to change the color of your watch, there are companies that do that (skins, colorware, etc.) But I would wait to see your watch first...I so love the black. @Aman Matharoo -- If you've programmed in Java or C# before, it's pretty easy to make apps for the watch, and for the phone. You can use the same language for both. And to talk between then, you just write a few lines of code to open a Bluetooth connection. Thanks for your support! @CK -- the brand name appears when you boot the watch :) Generally, we're against throwing logos on the front of hardware. It can ruin symmetry and beauty. It's often done so that the screen can be offset from center without you noticing. If you've ever seen an iPhone--the logo is on the back on purpose. With AGENT, we've currently put the logos on the back. So that you can experience the UI, not feel like there's a phone strapped to your wrist. If you _really_ miss the logo, we could help you print out tiny cut-out AGENT letters to stick on the front :) I'm teasing of course, although personalization can be fun. @Brad Billman -- that's probably where one of the millions of .NET developers will step in and create a cool app for that. We'll be providing a preview SDK and emulator in a month...so people can start working on these. With AGENT, apps can be powerful. @Dredon -- that wasn't an option at $100,000 -- but now that we've passed the funding goal we are able to test and evaluate several different high-clarity lens materials :) Thank you for your support! BTW--different types of "glass" have different RF properties, clarity properties, reflective properties, etc. We love sapphire, gorilla glass, and mineral glass all--sometimes for different reasons. @Brad Billman -- route tracking? Can you please explain what you're looking for a bit more? If you're talking about route planning for exercise...that's something you'd probably want your smartphone to do. Or a well-crafted watch app. @Brad Billman -- we will be testing pre-production AGENT watches in the real world, and we will probably solicit some of the most active community members from the early-backer tiers to help out. It would require a time commitment on their part though, as it would be real testing and not "getting a watch early". They might also need to be in the NYC area, so they could check in. TBD. @Brad Billman - we'd love to deliver early, but I don't want to start promising _early_ delivery :) FCC, Qi, CE testing all take a while (as shown in our estimated schedule) and we want to make sure we do it right. Thank you for backing us! @Paul Shabian -- AGENT is a very different kind of watch. It's a premium designer watch with really amazing electronics inside. It also has a full-blown managed code runtime which makes apps trustable, amazing battery life, a high-clarity screen, real glass lens, wireless charging, ability to run powerful watch apps, world-class developer tools, windows phone compatibility, etc. We're excited that there are different smartwatch offerings out there. Choice is a fantastic thing. We chose the longer-to-market "no compromises" route. We'd love you to join us on this journey. @Jared Simpson -- I knew I shouldn't have let him wear the white prototype watch at the party. :) @cheeloon lim -- that might need to be something built into the core OS. But you could technically create an app launcher of sorts for sub-apps. That does sound like a cool idea; I'd love to see how that worked physically. @suddep raju -- let me answer each of your questions. 1. We will do repairs at our USA-based facility. If you need to replace the battery, there should be people with skills in every country who can do that for you. 2. For Blackberry -- we would love to find a way to support this, although it might be partial support rather than full support. Blackberry 10 uses some standard Bluetooth profiles and in theory supports an Android app. So it might just work. We really don't know, and we can't promise anything for Blackberry quite yet. We're super-focused on delivering watches and software for iPhone, Android, and Windows Phone--but we'll certainly take a look and see if we can just "plug in". 3. The watches are unisex. We're super-focused on delivering this smartwatch to our backers, so there's not a different "ladies" version in the works at this time. But many of the ladies who have seen this one in person seem to approve of its looks on their wrist :) @Dylan Dwyer -- buttons are not clicky, but they're not lazy squishy either. Not sure what to call them, other than "good buttons". BTW in watch parlance they're "pushers"; if you see me using that word...think "buttons". We've designed the home screen experience so that it's not terribly easy to do something drastic by accidentally pushing buttons. Up/down switches watch faces, select gets rid of notifications. If there's an issue with backers getting odd behavior because of pressing buttons accidentally...we can certainly look into providing hooks for a "screen lock". Maybe just run a combination lock game as a watchface :) @Nick Landry--you can store apps and data. It's not a hard drive, so you don't have a ton of space. But you can store your images, some data, etc. Some apps will be big, some small. You can of course also shuttle data to/from your phone in connected apps. @Dylan Dwyer -- right now, apps will need to specify how much room they want. we may be able to make that dynamic in the future, but for a good user experience fixed is much simpler to understand and predict as a user. Automatic syncing of preferences, even when the app isn't open...now that's a cool idea too. @Chris Guillen -- Windows Phone 8 is a first-class smartphone citizen in our world. Thank you for backing us! @Dylan Dwyer -- another great question, thanks for supporting us! AGENT will absolutely allow side-loading of arbitrary apps. That's in our ethos as a company. We're also working on a watch app store concept. Free apps are definitely a go. For paid apps, we have a way to do that through a store for USA-based developers, and we're working on options for international developers. Since apps are trustable, more backers and more funds could let us ramp up a store into a self-governing community. We'll share more via updates as the project continues. @Ryan Heyser -- if WP gets an 8.1, and it supports BTLE -- oh yes, we'll support it ;) As to extended goals...we didn't compromise when we designed the product, but we have some ideas :) We may do things a little differently than the normal stretch goals, to maximize value to backers. More on that soon. @Chooi -- two requests for yellow straps? Wow. Ping me when the color survey goes out, and I'll see if we can swap you for a yellow one :) We will have extra straps available when or shortly after the watches ship. No way to add those to the Kickstarter rewards though. As far as notification center goes...interesting idea. Apps are pretty powerful, but in version 1.0 we're trying to keep apps to "foreground" or "unloaded". There's some potential to enable some other scenarios though. Let's discuss this when we get closer to launch. Could be a cool hack. Chris @Nick Landry -- so House of Horology has a yellow stitched wristband today. I bet if we really tried...we could get one on your watch :) When the survey comes around for color picking--ask and I'll see if we can swap. <url>"replaceable". 3. Sapphire is a cool material, but it's also an aluminum oxide. Which means that RF performance might suffer if we switched from mineral glass. It's also really expensive. We are testing it, but that's all I can commit to at the moment. With the extra funding, there are a lot of cool things we're looking at doing for our backers. Some you may never notice because they're simply an upgrade in packaging or a few months of someone's time to write extra tutorials. Some might have to be backer-exclusives. But if we can do things which are visible upgrades without affecting the FCC/CE/Qi test cycle...that would be really awesome :) @Alper -- we'll do our best to make you proud. We're off to the races, and will be heads-down all year working to get an AGENT watch onto your wrist. @John McLoughlin -- an AGENT hack day in the UK would be awesome. How's the weather in December? @sgllama -- yes, AGENT will be able to talk directly to BLE devices (sensors, etc.) @Stefan Daugaard Poulsen -- we'll release a preview of the SDK and emulator at the end of the Kickstarter campaign. You'll be able to start developing apps within the month, and you'll be able to power-tune your apps when you get hardware (with the power measuring chip inside). @Sebastian Fruhauf -- the link that Erik just provided is the one! [Thanks Eric!] The display is quite reflective and looks even better in direct sunlight than in the shade. And in the dark, it'll catch some light. And if it doesn't have enough light to reflect...the backlight will take care of you. And yes, yes, absolutely--the display stays on 100% of the time. That was very important to us, since seeing what time it is without having to "activate" a watch should be its most basic feature. Chris @Yoon Kim -- the wireless charger for the Palm Pre is not a Qi (standards-based) charger. So it unfortunately won't work. It will however look fantastic on your desk, and keep your watch company. Those chargers were cool! @Robert Holbert -- yes, you will definitely be able to manage apps from the phone. As far as apps go--50 is a lot! But there are creative ways around that as well. We're mostly trying to make things...simple. @CK -- the watch comes with time (and we'll have a timer, stopwatch, and vibrating alarm app) and a music app--and the phone lost alert and notification features (including caller id). Plus a few default watch faces. Everything else is installable, so that you don't use up space for apps you don't want. We'll have sample apps that you can build and install as a dev--and a few finished apps like weather and as well. I have a feeling that our community of developers is going to beat us to quite a few of those. You tell us what you'd like to see :) As the pledge amount exceeds the minimum goal, we will have budget to build more apps and more tutorials--so the catalog will just continue to grow. BTW, each app takes up a certain # of blocks. Simpler apps can be as small as one block. The watch has approximately 50 blocks of flash for apps. And because apps are managed code, their IL code is surprisingly compact :) @Dung Ngyuen -- we'd love to take more videos (not commercially produced). Tutorials, interviews, we love that sort of stuff. We're also going to be at a few events here in NYC with watches--so if you're local we'd love to show you how to write an app in person! That's good feedback on writing updates showing more details so it doesn't get lost. Let me chat with our industrial designer and see if we can export some non-render CAD drawings for illustrations. @CK -- I almost forgot. If you hold the top-right and bottom-left buttons for about ten seconds, the watch will reboot. That's a fail-safe, in case an app ever went wrong. And if you hold down the middle button on the right while booting, it goes into recovery mode. That's all wired in hardware and controlled by the second processor. There are a lot of little details that you'll probably never know exist or need to know exist--but they're there to back you up. @CK -- the three buttons on the rights are user buttons. Generally speaking they're "up", "select" and "down". In an app with specific feature requirements, like the exercise app, the middle-right button is generally still "play/pause/select" while the developer can do whatever they'd like with the others. On the left side, the bottom-left button will switch between apps (and if you have enough apps loaded...will bring up a menu). The top-left is a dedicated backlight button, and the backlight continues to stay on while you're interacting with the watch. BTW, we do have an accelerometer that detects taps and shakes and all that jazz--so it is technically possible to activate the backlight that way. But we believe that backlight is something that really needs its own button, at an easy-to-find-in-the-dark place. Finally--all buttons are software buttons. So technically if someone really wants to hack things, they could probably find a way to use those two left buttons too. But we're going to recommend against that, unless you're creating something truly custom for yourself. @Mikael Di Bolinder - from Chris -- I grew up in Idaho, where it gets that cold. I understand :) We are using industrial-temp parts wherever available for the watch. The biggest limitation is the battery; they don't exactly love the freezing cold temperatures. The screen may also get grumpy at extreme cold temperatures. We can work up an official tech spec over the course of the campaign if you're super-concerned about the super-cold. I will be wearing mine everywhere, snow and cold are just life sometimes :) @Ryan Lee--from Chris -- I'm away from the official specs but I have a measuring tape and a prototype aluminum watch with me. We should add a drawing and dimensions to the main page with more exact figures, but for the moment: roughly 38mm top-to-bottom on the front face, 35mm left-to-right on the front face, and around 12mm in depth. The watch lugs add a bit to that near the base, snuggling your wrist, where they attach to the 22mm strap. You can get a feel for how the size looks in the video, both on the gentleman and female runner in the first 1:30 and on me at the end. I absolutely love the size: sufficient-enough size to be useful and easy to work with, but small enough that you're not wearing a "computer" on your wrist. @arnoud de jong -- for incoming calls, Windows Phone supports the standard hands-free profile (the same profile which shows caller ID in your car). Many phones also support the phone book profile--and we can also sync contacts in the background if necessary :) Music control is a similar story--using the AVRCP (AV remote control profile). Notifications work a bit differently on WP8; there's no MAP profile and phones like my Lumia 920 tend to want to read texts aloud instead. We've pinged the folks on the Windows Phone team to see how we can make the integration experience top-notch, and we'll be focusing on providing the options which are available to us and you--and will continue tweaking and refining going forward as well. Developers can extend that even further. We're talking about apps today--but the Agent OS platform (including NETMF) is designed to support other advanced scenarios in the future. But that's a conversation for another time; today we're focused on getting these things off the assembly line and onto your wrist. @Greg -- regarding date formatting...that's a great idea. We'd love to support Endomondo. We'll be reaching out to some of the popular smartphone app makers. If you would reach out to them too an express your interest in using AGENT with their app that will help too! Thanks for supporting us! @Jason--absolutely, will do. While there are technical realities that limit our choices of materials (i.e. we can't make it out of iron), we are working with several premium materials to create a beautiful matte case. A smart watch should look smart too. @Surur -- great ideas for apps! Please take video! :) @Dino -- that's great feedback, thank you. We're limiting our delivery tiers to help ensure on-time delivery, and we're very cognizant about good communication. We can't promise to answer every e-mail within minutes, but we'll try to get back to you the same day. And if this thing really really takes off, we'll hire a few friends and make sure we take good care of you. If we ever fail at that, let us know and we'll work through it together. So glad to have you along on the journey. Thank you for your support! @Winnafred -- from Chris -- we're really not in a position to understand or comment on other company's products or processes, but let me throw a few thoughts out there. First of all, I are really grateful for the smartwatches that are out there already. Unknown obstacles happen to every company, and the optimist in me likes to believe that everyone is doing their best. Beyond that... AGENT started out as an idea in 2011. We wanted to make sure we got the core technology down and had a premium product ready before we launched on Kickstarter. We have a lot of happy customers and we know that a lot of them will back us here...and we don't want to let you down. Our focus for the watch design is very different than other smartwatches. In a nutshell, we engineered AGENT from the ground up for software developers and apps. The battery infrastructure, the power management, the ridiculous attention to every microamp -- plus the powerful managed code runtimes and developer tool story...well, it's all there so that we can have amazing apps. Because apps and features make the smart watch "smart". Because we're using brand-new technology, and because we're adding a lot of tech (like hardware power metering and wireless charging and ultra-efficient power management) -- and because it's a designer watch -- the AGENT Smartwatch is a bit more expensive than others. The advantage you get here is that our Kickstarter price is the same as the full retail price you mention...so by backing the project and believing in us, you're also getting a watch for the same price as a more traditional smartwatch offering. On your specific concerns: on delays, we have tried to be extraordinarily open about the "getting to market" story at the bottom of our project's home page. Sometimes your FCC prescanning goes great but you run into snags. Sometimes a critical supplier is late. Things happen. We've been building electronics in volume for years, and we'd be lying if we said that manufacturing is a perfect art. But we also understand it well, and House of Horology is great at making watches (such as their $490 Bedlam watches). So we move forward, and we make things happens. On battery defects, we are buying batteries from a major supplier. And the watch is repairable and the battery can be replaced. You're also getting a two year warranty on the watch which generally covers the battery as well. On watches getting updated...our goal is to deliver a strong user experience and amazing developer platform. We'll add apps and features over time, but hopefully there's not a need for a lot of fast updates. And if there is--which is always possible--our fail-safes ensure that an update can't brick your watch. Does that help? Kickstarter is a very open place, and we want to be upfront with you. We are taking this journey together. We expect that it will be an awesome one, and we're so glad to have you come along with us and support us. Thank you! @Kenneth Salomon -- we don't have an answer on multiple simultaneous devices yet. There are some battery concerns. Also--we do have the ability to talk to multiple devices at the same time, but there are some specific app scenarios where it would be good to use both instances for a single smartphone. Can you ask us that again a little later in the process--and we'll have some better numbers to work off? The hardware in the watch has some pretty amazing flexibility; we just need to make sure we provide a great user experience first and foremost. @Welshman -- We're using glass for our watch lens. No glass is completely scratch-proof, but it's a much nicer material than plastic for watch lenses (with the exception, maybe, of some bulletproof polycarbonates etc.). Glass also looks pretty. We are looking into coatings which may add additional scratch resistance, but we also want to make sure that the lens maintains its beautiful high clarity with the screen. We can share some of those tests with our backers if you'd like; we really love that we can share the process with all of you. @Andre Koschyk -- we are aware of the conformity requirements for German customs, and have already begun working to make sure that our CE certifications and part numbers and customs info all line up properly--and that we include the proper documentation in the box. We have had a number of German backers reach out to us and offer to help make sure that everything goes smoothly. We really, really appreciate it! You all are the best! @Tony Leung -- we don't have any reward tiers with multiple Qi chargers. If you need an extra one, e-mail us and we'll help you locate an extra one. @Imo Imo -- we don't have specific battery consumption figures for Windows Phone batteries using SPP, but generally Bluetooth is reasonably power-efficient on phones. It'll largely depend on what app you're using and how much data it's transferring. As the phone world moves towards Bluetooth LE and apps use smaller less frequent packets for power efficiency (which will show up in the power metering on AGENT too), your battery life may get even better :) @sudeep raju -- Blackberry isn't on our official list, but it's something we'd love to support someday. And since we're using standards (including Bluetooth SPP) you could probably write BlackBerry apps with AGENT support on day one. Music control and caller ID may work out of the box too. We just don't want to promise anything for additional smartphone platforms right at the start. We're super-focused on delivering AGENT. If we go way over on pledges, this may be something we can bring in extra resources to address (perhaps via an Android compatibility app) to extend some Blackberry love :) Just FYI: you can follow us on Twitter @agentwatches -- we'll start retweeting some of your tweets soon! @Paul Shabian -- we limited the first batch of deliveries to 4,200 units. We can make about 1,000 watches a week in the USA. If and when the December tier fills up, we can add a January tier. We definitely want to build a big community; we just want to make sure we don't set an expectation that we can deliver 25,000 watches on day one. So no worries, we'll make more :) @James Abbott -- great questions. These questions are really helping us put together the best questions to answer in the FAQ section. If you want to see a sample Agent app, check out the screenshot at agentwatches.com. It's a bit blurry--but that is a fun "draw lots of random lines/rectangles" app that we were playing with recently. Communicating with your phone is as easy as create a SerialPort object and using .Write and .Read calls. If you're written C# code before, you're at home. And for developers who want to just use the smartwatch as a remote display...we're putting together an official remote language for getting button presses and sensor data--and drawing using the integrated Bitmap drawing class. Does that answer your question well? We'll start working up some tutorials, but I want to make sure we get all the questions answered first. @Stephen Nguyen -- We'll be publishing the first version of the SDK with the emulator, maybe a bit sooner. It seems like you awesome folks are really aching to start on apps! If you want to get a feel for writing native watch apps (i.e. not using it as a remote display), check out some of the projects that Netduino users have created. AGENT is a lot different than Netduino, but you can share code between them. Also--AGENT apps on production watches run in AppDomains, so we have a good developer experience around that which doesn't really apply to Netduino. As far as iOS goes, from our experience iOS lets apps talk to accessories using Bluetooth LE. Apple can change their rules at any time, but there are quite a few apps which talk to accessories today. MFI devices which use SPP...those require special interprocess comm, whitelisting, etc. We avoid that wherever possible. We want you to have the freedom to create. @Fernando -- lots of questions, let's get them all answered for you. For iPhone 5, we're using a dual-mode radio. So apps will talk via Bluetooth LE to the watch (GATT). This includes sending notifications to the watch. 1. iPhone does support text messages and other notifications via MAP and such. We'll do our best to provide a premium experience--and for features where iPhone doesn't shine as brightly as Android or Windows Phone, we'll try to provide you some "power tools" so that you can get the most out of your hardware while we work with Apple to enhance the smartwatch-smartphone integration experience. 2. When you reach 10% battery, the watch will actually change into low-power (watchface-only) mode for you, giving you a few extra days of timekeeping. It's certainly possible to extend this functionality further with 20% notifications, etc. We'll keep refining the user experience based on backer feedback during and after the campaign. 3. House of Horology does a great job at waterproofing watches. We won't know the exact ATM until we have production units in hand to test, but you will be able to immerse it with water. There are a lot of factors that go into what "3 ATM" or "5 ATM" or "10 ATM" really means though, just to set good expectations. We wouldn't necessarily recommend swimming with and pushing buttons on a 5 ATM watch, in a hot tub, for instace :) 4. The accelerometer is 3-axis and can certainly work as a pedometer. All you need is an app to pull that data up to the Internet. This is an important capability that we made sure was baked in. 5. We build a lot of hardware at Secret Labs. We've already sorted out the circuitry, and we're really hoping to hit our estimated ship dates. We're also making it in the USA which helps get things done quickly and done well. We will be heads-down for the rest of the year making this happen for you, and will let you know if we run into unexpected delays. 6. The watch strap does not contain metal. You will be able to get additional straps for your watch (or swap in any 22mm strap), but there are no rewards with that built-in. If you have specific needs, just send us a message and we'll do what we can to help. Does that answer your questions well? Thank you for your support! Chris Secret Labs @BAN -- the watch is water tight and charges wirelessly. The charger is pretty small though, and powered by MicroUSB--so if you want to carry it with you it'll tuck away nicely. One of the big benefits of having the amazing power architecture is that you don't really need to sweat the charging thing. Just charge it when it's convenient. If you forget and you get down to low power, it'll automatically switch into watchface-only mode for you and give you a few extra days of timekeeping. @Ken McAndrew -- we should probably let the smarthphone app developers have the glory, announcing support as they get it ready. Luckily with the emulator...they'll be able to start adding support for AGENT in their smartphone apps. We're really excited about all the maker-style applications for this watch too. Interact with robots, use your watch as a game controller, do fun artistic projects...the sky is the limit. And the tools are there to support your creativity as a developer. @Nick salch -- the 3rd-party developer experience for AGENT is pretty awesome. If you have favorite golf apps on your smartphone today, please reach out to them and ask them to support AGENT! With our Netduino open-source hardware, we work with 10,000s of developers to help them create cool electronics. We're here to help smartphone and smartwatch app developers do the same with this new platform as well. @Surur -- I have good news there...Windows Phone 8 *does* support Bluetooth for apps. To confirm: we're using Bluetooth SPP (via RFCOMM) with WP8 and AGENT today. We did lots of testing with a Lumia 920. Several WP8 apps--such as the Sphero ball control apps--use Bluetooth this way on WP8 today. Here's a link to Microsoft documentation on Bluetooth support for apps with Windows Phone 8. <url>"secondary display" feature to their smartphone apps rather than creating a rich companion watch app. @Paul Shabian -- the Qi charger we're offering for the AGENT smartwatch uses the newer v1.1 standard (which enables MicroUSB power to the charging base). Qi chargers range from $30-$60, and we wanted to make sure we offered a high quality one with the watch. Any compliant charger that you already have should work though--and you can always wait until you get the watch to pick one up. Qi is a standard--and standards are awesome. NY -- thanks for the feedback! There's a lot of really exciting new tech in this watch, but we understand that "wow" comes from the kinds of apps that are enabled by that technology. With help from some amazing technology providers, we've built an amazing watch platform; now we're here to help developers make it fulfill your dreams :) We'll be holding some events here in NYC; hopefully you can come say hi and we can meet and talk about watches and the new technology in person! Maxime Marical--the great thing about AGENT is that it comes with amazing developer tools. A company like Facebook can add support into their app (either using the watch as a display...or talking to a custom app on the watch). Or third party developers can create an app to enable those types of scenarios. The platform is really powerful. Millions of software developers basically already know how to write code for AGENT. We can't wait to see what you all build! CK -- from what we've seen, different Qi chargers can deliver power at different rates. For instance, MicroUSB chargers (enabled by Qi v1.1) can pull less power from your USB port than a higher-voltage wall-powered Qi charger. The good news is that the battery in AGENT is tiny because watches aren't big :) So charging time for a small battery on a Qi charger is pretty quick, regardless of the charger. If you're looking to charge something big like a tablet, you'd probably want a Qi charger powered from an outlet instead. Come on people the horse has long since died and rotted. wow, people are still commenting on this one....we got took fo sho! Hey, where's my watch? Any new straps? Where's my 214$? I have not received this project after not only supporting the project but by being VERY PATIENT , therefore I turn to you KICKSTARTER ..... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount lol, also just checking in to see others are still thinking about that shit <3 I'd still be happy to get the watch. The Agent website is still active so someone must be paying for domain registration and hosting 7 years. wow. i could have designed, manufactured and programmed my own watch in this time. I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. It's funny to come back and check that people are still claiming their right for refund...it's long gone...common sense... Not nice, but it's gone for sure.. Not sure... Kickstarter is not even showing the amount I pledged anymore. Anyone else with the same problem? I am a backer and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I am a backer and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Ive convinced my entire family, my wife, and my some co workers to not use Kickstarter. Hope it was worth it you Commie bastards. I am a backer and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I also like coming back here to see the messages every 6 months or so. I had previously submitted my request for a full refund and have not heard anything back from either Chris or Kickstarter. Now for nostalgia (not that I think it will do anything) I am a backer and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I am a backer and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I am a backer and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I am a backer and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Were assets sold at auction so partial refunds can be issued? Our money is long gone. I am a backer and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Me too, never again. This platform seems to be legalised scamming Havent received any reward nor any product. I demand a refund. Dont forget the Name of this scammer Chris Walker hopefully we cross his way sometimes Principle Same here A shame that Kickstarter isnt doing anything. Lord people just let it die. We were scammed. Why i dont trust kickstarter anymore. Two failed projects for me I am a backer and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Thanks Adam, see you next year I like to come here every year or so to see if the complaint process is still alive. To the creator; as ever I hope you contract a kharmically appropriate painful and embarrassing STD. See you in 2021. Still waiting buddy I invoke my rights under Kivkstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill" I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Please contact me. Exactly the same as me I invoke my rights under Kivkstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill" I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Please contact me. Hey. Where's my antique watch? This project ensured that not only will I never give Kickstarter another penny, I will also spread the word about this theft to as many people as possible, so they don't use Kickstarter either. Keep my money, hope it was worth it. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill" I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Please contact me. This guy stole over $1 million from us. If this was a bank it would be national news. Where else can someone steal $1 mill and get away with it? He didn't even make an effort to return any money to the backers. He just pocketed it all. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill" I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Please contact me. Think its more that they were ripped off ya ****. I'm sorry your live is so empty and meaningles that you have to belittle people trying to get what's theirs to feel a little joy in your tragic excuse of a live. Wow! WTF! I just came here and yall still request refunds! I am so sorry your lives are that shitty that you want a couple hundred dollars back from something 10 years ago! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I am so disappointed on so many levels. I cant even begin.. Either refund or deliver. REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kivkstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill" I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Please contact me. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kivkstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill" I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Please contact me. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I have lost all faith in Kickstarter as a result of this campaign... It's so sad to, because I would like to back a lot more projects... How come weve not had a refund from the creator as per kickstarters rules, Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. As it says we should be refunded as they didnt fulfill the order. Phew, that worked Shame I was not allowed to use last descriptive noun, lets try turd instead to see if that passes muster Re: the creator: I invoke my right to kick the **** in the bollocks if I ever met him I love to see all the I Invoke my rights ... messages, but what will Kickstarter do for you? You gave your money in free will to somebody we dont know, hoping it will return you a watch. Like many startups, this one failed miserably. The big issue is that Chris must have made a fortune over our backs, with little chance to put him to jail for it. Its shit faces like Chris that will withhold rightful people to support new startups. If only I knew a way to get my hands on him (virtually) ... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I should think Chris could now buy watches far better than this for a fraction of the money he received and post them all to the backers. That way the backers get more than they were Promised Chris would keep a sizeable chunk of money then everybody would be happy. For example here is one for 24.99 <url>125,000 to fulfil all the rewards and he would make a profit over $500,000 males absolute sense I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Please contact me! I miss the days when people were saying "this is going to happen and I'll buy up your pledge if you don't want it" Because if it's not live, they would have to acknowledge that we're never getting the watch (who would want it now anyway??), we're not getting the money, and nobody knows where the creator is. That might open up some kind of lawsuit, but I doubt it. I think Mr Walker has requested Google remove all references to him Wow people still invoking their rights I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Same here bruv I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Please contact me! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I'm still wondering if Kickstarter are going to get us our money back. But I honestly can't see it happening. Can someone track this sharleton down? Wonder why Kickstarter have this as a live project? yeah me too. Only log in these days to see who else has :) I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount.. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount.. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under.... Go buy a $60 "smart" watch that is better than this thing would have ever been. Surprised people are still commenting I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount.. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Ah. Nostalgia. Categorically the biggest pile of bollocks I ever backed. 778,105 this **** ripped us all off for. Similarly I like to revisit from time to time to remind myself of the foolish decisions I made 6 years ago.... @Dan, that wouldn't surprise me. He's a known **** sucker. Is it true that Chris Walker is in prison for child sex abuse? Thought I would come back and see how things are going. Nice to see 2020 has stopped the invoking the right to nothing lol Got myself a series 5 Apple Watch which is great. Just wish I had saved the money that was wasted on this. Ah well. You live and learn. Backed 3 other projects on Kickstarter and they have either all delivered or will do this year. Has Chris resurfaced at all? I invoke.... Never a bigger Kickstarter lie told! This is your space to offer support and feedback. Remember to be constructivethere's a human behind this project. Oh my still invoking lmao. Cut your loss and stay away from kickstarter. I backed my first two projects thinking it was great and both folded lost over 400 dollars. Run away from kickstarter I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I like to visit this and a couple of other pages from time to time just to remind myself what can happen with these Kickstarters. Because of this one (and a couple of others), I almost swore off Kickstarter. I am glad I didn't, but this is SUCH a great reminder to be careful of what I back. Ive heard the creator got a horrible disease and now he is living in pain and struggling for his life... oh no wait a minute it was a dream. Never mind. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Lol @christian I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount No legal action was taken and I dont think the thief even paid taxes on his windfall Was there ever any legal action against the creator? Always nice to reminisce through the graveyard comment section of fellow lost souls.. How nice it would be to actually get my $164 back to put towards projects who actually give a damn about their backers. Thanks again, for nothing. I wonder what Chris is up to these days. Hiding under a rock somewhere? I wonder what became of "Factory" space. His finished basement now? Sigh. I had sworn off Kickstarter after this debacle but a brand I trust was offering up deals too good to pass up to backers today. I still feel gross giving Kickstarter any money It is crazy to watch that vid back now. I was crazy for it. Gutted I wonder what Josh said that got it removed? Could it be worse than Kickstarter enabled this scam? You honestly think you're going to get a refund 6 years later? These guys have hauled ass with out pledges and Kickstarter will not do a damn thing about it. Write it off and consider it a lesson learned. What has another campaign to do with this one? If you don't trust one person, you can't trust all people, until you can trust the one person again? I think you can get $5 watches from petrol stations that technically eclipse this Any word about getting a refund? Ive waited this whole time and stopped backing projects because of this specific campaign. It made me loose trust in campaigns. Not unless Ive seen enough people confident in a campaign will I join. But to be honest I just dont browse Kickstarter anymore to avoid any hassle. Its a shame. Theres been a few campaigns I took part of that were successful and many I wanted to take part of, but didnt because I was scared after this. Can't Believe i paid $200 to be fooled! Wow, that watch looks so retro. Where can I buy one? I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Same. I was just going back through my old Kickstarters because I had another one that went sour. It really is sad though. same, man. same. Man, I remember how freakin' cool this thing looked back in 2013. I salivated over the video. I don't know how many times I watched it, lusting. Even if it was ever delivered, it'd just be a joke today, totally eclipsed in the six years since I paid my money. I'm reminded of the x-ray specs of years past. I'm right there with you! First time I've laughed about this project He's not affiliated with that project...see @Pepperjohn's comment from below: Wilderness Labs bought Netduino from Chris Walker - but they are not affiliated with him. <url>t have any I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Wilderness Labs bought Netduino from Chris Walker - but they are not affiliated with him. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under kickstarters dodgy policy and demand that since you have failed to provide me with a watch, you will now instead give me a **** lasting no less than 35 minutes. I have my watch now too. Granted, it's an LG and its fairly shit but still probably better than this would have been had it ever seen the light of day. Tomasz, how do you know he is involved with the other campaign? If it is him, we should bombard the comments there to let everybody know who they are dealing with! It seems Chris Walker is back on Kickstarter: <url>"The worlds smartest watch" -- the "creator" was pretty smart, to get our money. I feel pretty dumb, though. LOL Hey! Will the watch be ready soon? :-D I can't believe people are still invoking their rights under kickstarter's terms... Understand this: we will NEVER get this now crappy watch nor our money back. All we can hope is for some poetic justice against f****** thief Chris Walker. What a steaming pile of turd. I invoke my rights under the R'lyehian Terms of Servitude. Necronomicon, Chapter 7, Versus 86-90. "ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn. I Chris Walker cf'ayak'vulgtmm, vugtlagln vulgtmm. mglw'nafh fhthagn-ngah cf'ayak 'vulgtmm House of Horology vugtlag'n." I demand dominionship over this realm for my blood sacrifice! So, Kickstarter is happy because they get their cut and they don't have time to care about us, but maybe instead of copy past chain messages, we should send some emails to media outlets (I'm talking also about YouTubers) and remind about this project which is one big scam... Who knows, maybe someone in Kickstater will remind about their own Terms of Use... I invoke my rights to a really shit watch that I could now buy in Poundland now for 1 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount! same here I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount! Wow. Yeah, Kickstarter and Indigogo seem to not care once they get their money. Personally, I think any project like this (and others) should be banned from ever creating another project (ways around that too, but it is more than they are doing now.) 6 YEARS now. It's funny, it's like those Facebook chain message post thinking it will do anything and like those chain mails that would prevent you from being killed by a dwarf at midnight on a blue moon. FYI The owner of this project hasn't login since the 8th of December 2016 <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I swear I heard Arya Stark (GoT) mention "Chris Walker" in her list of names. Pray to god he is lying in a ditch somewhere. He is the sole reason for why I turned my back to crowd funding and I won't be coming back anytime soon. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Kobe Red might have been earlier? CTS-101? Vachen was at the same time. I remember backing this and Vachen at the same time :( Secret Labs Last login Dec 8 2016 If there was a book written on how to make a million and never have to deliver, it would start with this project. Did anyone get their money backl? What a shitty scam this is... or, well, was.... Cant believe people are still invoking their rights I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I am backer #217 and I never received the product that I pledged for. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount of $144. Nothing. Plp just C/C the same text that does absolutly nothing. Just forget you got robbed and it's onay. Can someone enlighten me as to what happens when you invoke your rights? I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Whatever happened to House of Horology in all of this. Surely the owner (name escapes me right now) can come forward and speak of what happened here. Im so excited by this! Any update on the watch case design?! WE WISH YOU A MERRY CHRISTMAS I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Reply I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I'm still waiting to hear what the final decision on the watchstraps was. Can't believe this is still ongoing.. I tried to reclaim my payment via Amazon (who managed KS payment gateway back in the day), but they said it was over 24+ months and they could no longer refund the payment.. Problem is I had to wait that long until I realised it wasn't going to eventuate! Kickstarter have taken their profit and no longer care about whether backers get the product or not. Hoping someone can take this further and succeed someday. I pray Chris Walker can see the error in his ways when he was misled and repent his sins (and do the right thing for all the backers). I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I'm on the same boat. Stopped backing any crowdfunding campaigns. What got me into crowdfunding is supporting the creators and getting a product for a better price. Now when I look back into it, it was quite stupid to do that since backers have no assurance of getting a refund if a project goes south and suffer from delays, which is the norm. I would rather pay double the amount for a product and guarantee receiving a workable product in a timely manner than to pay upfront and wait to (hopefully) receive an unknown quality product. It was a substantial amount for me at the time I backed and for Chris Walker to steal that amount from myself and thousands others is really saddening and maddening. Was just reading an article about a kickstarter scam and thought "Hey, didnt I try buying something from kickstarter like five years ago?" Kickstarter, if you are reading any of these, this is why I have never supported anything else. It proved I'm throwing my money away and you will never hold the projects accountable. I'll try this for good measure. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Anyone found Chris Walker, yet? I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Fuck Chris Walker. Fuck Kickstarter. I reported to Kickstarted and received this back today - Hi there, Thank you for bringing this project to our attention: Project: AGENT: The World's Smartest Watch Report date: December 1, 2018, 1:10 AM GMT Report content: Project has been fully funded (and over 10x its goal) since June 2013, over 4 years ago. Clearly nothing has been, or will be, produced. The last so called "update" (nonsensical "tech" details no on... Weve investigated and determined that it doesnt violate our rules or community guidelines. If you believe there is an issue thats not covered by our rules or guidelines, please contact us with more details. If you havent already, you can also communicate directly with the project creator. While we wont be taking action on this project at this time, we value your input. We rely on reports like yours to ensure the safety and integrity of Kickstarter for everyone. Thanks again for looking out for the Kickstarter community. Best, Kickstarter Trust & Safety I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Bag of Dicks... I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraisinI invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount.g campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Did this ever work for anyone? Reply I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. For what its worth... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. ^ This guy knows where it's at. I'm doing the same to get my fill of schadenfreude. Yeah, I have to do this too: I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. For what its worth... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. at the very least, this project should be in the list of failed projects on my backed page. I invoke my rights... SQUIRREL! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Is this the oldest successfully funded Kickstarter project that has not produced anything. Anyone know? See if we can get in the Guineas book of records I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Yeah, an update would rock. As I recall, probably a year ago they asked about choosing between still wanting this POS or something better. Would love to know what the status is. Would like my money back or at least $149 in vouchers for other KS projects that can deliver. I demand some peanut butter M&M's, an old bmw car and a glass of freshly squeezed soda water Where's my ultimate-cool-not-oldfashion watch?  One thing that I find interesting is that the IRS doesnt consider this for tax purposes. He has received this money he cant prove he spent it on the project so it is a $1,000,000 of untaxed income It's worth doing because if this scam ever makes it to court, the nob end is going to have a hard time claiming he was unaware of the scamee's sentiments. Same <url>#crnt Seems like the FTC may start cracking down on crowdfunding robbery. Hope this one will make it to the news. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Invoking their rights to sod all! No one is getting their money back Yeah. It's become like some weird e-ghost town. The rights invocations are the tumbleweeds. None of the comments are interesting anymore all it is is people invoking their rights. Boring!!! Invoking your rights are fine and all but not enough! Go and report this project to KickStarter...!!! Go to Campaign Click on Report this project Click on This project breaks one of our rules Click on Not a project Projects on Kickstarter must create something to share with others. In Please specify how the project breaks this rule I personnaly wrote: "Project has been fully funded (and over 10x its goal) since June 2013, over 4 years ago. Clearly nothing has been, or will be, produced. The last so called "update" (nonsensical "tech" details no one asked for or wanted) was made over 1 year ago on April 2016 and provides no timeframe for project completion. This project had every chance to be completed as planed but it did not. There are more that 11,000 comments from unhappy backers, requesting a refund for this SCAM! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Hey you retarded goons, saying "I invoke my blah blah" means absolutely nothing. It does not give you special magical legal powers. It's just a string of words, shut the hell up. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I actually got my money back from the credit card company fairly early in this when I realised it was a scam and I didnt have to invoke my rights How many people opted for the amazon gift card option and actually got them? I was pleasantly surprised when I got mine, turned my failed Agent money into a raspberryPi and some other stuff. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Excellent more people invoking their rights and demanding a full refund. Let us all now when the money is back in your bank I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. would be nice for kickstarter to do something --- doesnt make sense how they dont really care --- because of this i stopped backing projects The least Kickstarter should do is refund their 10% Curious, why post the demand for refund here? I just pop on here about once a year or so to see the latest one-sided messages. It is pretty clear that neither Kickstarter or those that scammed on Kickstarter are concerned with 5,685 backers that used to support creators. 2013 was the last year I heavily supported KS creators due to losing over $300 in failed projects and no protection to the investor. As soon as KS refunds a single person (verifiable in some manor) for this fraudulent listing, I will also apply for it. Until then, why bother? I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Love the fact people are still invoking their rights. Anyone had success at that? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I've managed to stop 5 people making pledges on Kickstarter. I will continue to prevent anyone I know from using this scam platform I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, theyve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, theyre helping to create something new  not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and theres a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, theyve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe thats communicated to backers; theyre able to demonstrate that theyve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; theyve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If theyre unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Sure, why not..... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Well I will jump on the band wagon... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Occasionally I'll check back here to have a laugh. No one is getting their money back. I hereby invoke my rights to kick Chris Walker in the balls - the left one for this, and the right one for the Netduino Go. The last update was about all the work they were doing writing a javascript parser. For a fucking watch If only Kickstarter had the balls <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Lets put a stop to all these stupid posts heres one for all of you everybody invokes their rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." We all demand a full refund for our pledged amounts I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. . I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Does anyone have any updates on this scam and if theres been any progress? I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount These people are scam artists. Horrible horrible project. Even if they did deliver, itd be an incredibly inferior project at this point. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Not sure if this info is still correct: Contact Information Secret Labs LLC 10 Downing St New York, NY 10014 Contact: Chris Walker Title: Principal Phone: (646) 434-1075 Website: www.agentwatches.com Does anyone know of any law firm taking on class action lawsuits for this type of thing? I realize terms on Kickstarter have changed. But this is ridiculous. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amoun Chris Walker has several state and federal Liens, the federal are locked and I would have to pay to see the specifics, the state liens are in the 5-15k range... I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount @Mark Johnson. Do you know the values of the cases. Your reply though may be buried by these idiots invoking their rights I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Chris has State Tax Liens in NY, SD UT and with the IRS, Chris also has the following civil case against him: FILING DATE: 07/19/2017 CASE NUMBER: 42-CV-17-756 CASE TITLE: U.S. Bank National Association, d/b/a U.S. Bank Equipment Finance v. Secret Labs, LLC, Christopher D Walker Last known address was US Global Mail (mail forwarding service) in July 2017 1321 UPLAND DR # 8636 HOUSTON, TX 77043 He also had a post office box at a Rapid City SD UPS store June 2016 Lots of addresses of relatives in Utah, plus his old companies were there back in the day... He has provided a lot of cover for himself. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Everyone who got scammed in this, should be doing everything they can to launch a social media campaign against Kickstarter. They are the real villans in this and how done nothing to protect the backers. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use for a full refund for my pledge amount.: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Hey SCUMBAG! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Anyone know what the idiot creator is doing these days, I mean wh hes conning these days? Are we ever getting this? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. such a b*stard Surly he should at least be legally bound to state to the backers publicly that he has failed Whatever happened to House of Horology in all of this? Surely he can speak to what has happened? Whatever happened to House of Horology in all of this? Surely he can speak to what has happened? So... Any update on delivery timeline? I have not received shipping notice or tracking number. Bwhahahahha... What a F-ing joke. Total scam. Two things I want to say: Fuck Chris Walker. Fuck Kickstarter. They got their share of the money so they dont care whether the creator delivers or not. Proves how badly run Kickstarter is and how bad their policies are, which is why I stopped backing projects entirely. Fuck you both from the bottom of my heart. Face it, Chris Walker is a fraud and a scammer. We were all ripped off by this scumbag. No matter what you "invoke", none of us will ever receive a penny of our money back. ...moving right along! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use for a full refund for my pledge amount.: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Guys, stop spamming that generic refund message. It does absolutly nothing and it will never do. You can just consider this project dead. It was a scam, we got ripped-off and that's all. I changed my phone 4 times since and now using an AppleWatch. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. It's been two years since last update. Pretty sure these guys ran away with our money. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. It's a requirement nothing legal and it was introduced just to emphasis on the fact that Kickstarter is not responsible for anything not to make you get your money back. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @Mark Johnson, sure fits his MO. Even the writing style and examples are similar. you don't suppose this is the same Chris Walker, do you.... Look at the comments.... <url>#/comments <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. This project is officially a failure. Move on. Meant to say invoking but there is no edit button @louis no dont stop I want to see how long people are going to keep inordinate my their rights Can we get closure please, call this project officially a failure and let's all move on. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. The creator's last connection was december 8.... 2016 so I don't think we will get news any time soon I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Its a lost cause guys n' gals, he doesn't read this and it appears that @kickstarter does not care. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I really with the dude could just grow up and say sorry. I can imagine things can go wrong but why hide and why was he stringing is along when technology had far surpassed what he had been offering. Its sad really as we all believed in him and he doesnt have the decency to talk frankly to us about our investment I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invokenmy rights, now give me my goddam money back  I wonder how many people have invoked their rights invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Has anyone tried invoking their right to a refund under Kickstarter's Terms of Use? Hope everyone at Kickstarter and especially Chris Walker go on the naughty list this year. Thieving assholes Seasons greetings Assholes! I hope you are happy ripping people off and depriving them of their pledge and hard earned cash >:( I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Anybody get a refund yet? Asking for a friend. If you don't hire a lawyer and truly take them to court, you can invoke your rights for the next 100 years and you will get the same answer that you get when you ask your mirror" who is the prettiest of all". Face it, they stole our money, they are enjoying their life with our money and there is nothing we can do about it. Be more cautious next time and wish that they will get what they deserve when the right time comes! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear Matthew, you don't even have to suspect: your money, like the rest of us, is gone forever. Shitstarter don't care at all and this is what really pisses me off. And about Chris Wanker... well, it's better if I don't say anything about him because I could be banned at once. Stupid me the day I decided to be sucked into this scam. Have a good life everyone and stop thinking about this failure... For all of you copying and pasting the ToU (which was established well after this project), has anything come of it? I suspect, like the 3D printer I backed in 2013, the money is gone and should be written off. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. You have given Kickstarter and legitimate campaigns a bad name with this fraudulent attemp. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. THis is just a spam site nothing of any use now I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. It's better to have spammed and failed than not have spammed at all. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. So much spam its like a minty python sketch I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. "I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount." Does anybody know when this will ship? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Hey - So just an update. Brian Costanich or whatever his name is has launched a complaint against my wilderness-labs.com website to the WIPO Arbitration and Mediation Center. Bless him. I haven't touched the website for ages and don't have time to do anything with it. Hey ho. Notice you're all wasting your time spamming the comments. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Has anybody tried asking for updates via alternate methods like Twitter? Is Secret Labs known as Wilderness Labs now? Do they still have forums? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. "I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount." "I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount." Doubt we'll ever see anything from this, either as a refund or a physical product but: "I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. When this project started, Smart Watches were new and exciting. Technology is moving fast and this Project outdated anyway. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter Terms of Use as Secret Labs is utterly unable to deliver a product and has not informed the community on Progress for over a year now. So first I find out about this great thing today: <url>#Kickstarter So I decided to look at my biggest online failure so far, this scam and now I need to invoke my rights as it seems? I'm in! First of all - report this project: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Also reported the project as lumar recommended. My right to kick the creators balls seems also fair. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Thomas - I think Lee might be taking the mickey  I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights blah blah blah. Like I'll ever see anything. I go into crowd-funding projects the same way I go into a casino: I know I may lose my money. You can throw all the legalese you want--we'll never see anything from this. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. And in other news, ZeTime just shipped their product, successfully, with a delay of less than 1 week. Anyone else except from @leebarrett that have received the watch? The below was reported through "campaign" tab and was sent to KS. Its unlikely to do any good but it is better than howling at the wind as those just posting the C&P below. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. So, the burning question is, did we find out about the straps? I also invoke my rights etc etc I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Also reported the project as lumar recommended. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Also reported the project as lumar recommended. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I cant believe it!!! I actually got my watch!! arrived 4 days ago and the battery is still going strong. loads of features, comfortable, probably up there with the best of them easy! hang in there guys. They are slowly being delivered! bit of a wait but totally worth it! You can't read anything that may be of value because of people invoking their rights. Oh and before I forget I invoke my rights I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. It's funny to think about how foolish we all were. Five years ago this gutless moron promised over a week of battery life and compatibility with 3 mobile operating systems. This coming from an electronics tinkerer who had several failed businesses and no legitimate IT project experience. Even after all this time and advanced technology, neither Apple nor Samsung can obtain that kind of insane battery life or compatibility. Granted Windows mobile is dead, but still. Oh, and I also invoke my rights to kick this turd in the balls. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Also reported the project as lumar recommended. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. BTW. I donot believe this invoking rights will do any good. However, if some legal eagle out there finds a way to wring some of our million dollars out of Kickstarter, I want to be on record. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I INVOKE M'Y RIGHTS under kikstarter's termes of use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @RalphWiggum - you're a champ! @VASILEIOSGEORGOULAKIS excellent advice - EVERYONE follow his instructions, posting comments here won't attract KS's attention. Let's do this! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Chris Walker has sold the Netduino to a new guy who seems pretty decent but another link has disappeared a million bucks is a million bucks but you can't live on it forever. Eventually the scumbag is going to have to surface somewhere with his latest scam or Netdontknow update. We'll be waiting.......... kickstarter and chris walker have lack of morale and should be ashamed! Note that I am using lowercase letters. You are parasites! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Also reported the project as lumar recommended. I invoke my right to kick Chris Walker in the balls if I see him in the street. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under the Force the Jedi knights will take their revenge I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount These people invoking their rights must be scaring Chris walker I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Also reported the project as lumar recommended. Invoking your rights are fine and all but not enough! Go and report this project to KickStarter...!!! Go to Campaign Click on Report this project Click on This project breaks one of our rules Click on Not a project Projects on Kickstarter must create something to share with others. In Please specify how the project breaks this rule I personnaly wrote: "Project has been fully funded (and over 10x its goal) since June 2013, over 4 years ago. Clearly nothing has been, or will be, produced. The last so called "update" (nonsensical "tech" details no one asked for or wanted) was made over 1 year ago on April 2016 and provides no timeframe for project completion. This project had every chance to be completed as planed but it did not. There are more that 11,000 comments from unhappy backers, requesting a refund for this SCAM! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Also reported the project as lumar recommended. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Also reported the project as lumar recommended. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I'm pretty sure Chris Walker's tied up somewhere next to the Mystery Machine, grumbling "And I would've gotten away with it too, if it weren't for you meddling Terms of Use posters!" Keep up the fight, Confused and Defiant Backers! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Well, Kickstarter don't give a F* for what happened. I've contacted them and they said that I could look for an attorney and that's what their ToS is for. I'm ok with losing the 150usd, what I'm not ok is with Kickstarter not suing the guy for this. They should be the ones reinforcing their ToS over the projects they offer. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Why do I get the feeling that all those "invoking their rights" are also the sort that sign a "save the whale" petitions and think they make a difference. Grow up. You aren't getting your money back. Chris as "creator" is living off our money and drawing it as "project management" fees. All the stuff was sold off. Netduino was given to a prep boy. We were robbed and KS took a cut. Best way to get justice is to find Chris Walker. He's somewhere in the .Net community. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @misterjaytee. I told them the product wasn't being delivered the creator can not be contacted, sent them screen shots of comments and got money back. Remember I am in U.K. So our laws may be different Good luck with reporting this project. The short of it is that Kickstarter does not care. A bunch of us reported this project years ago and absolutely nothing happens. Kickstarter's position is that they won't do anything, it is up to us to take it up with the Creator. Oh what's that, he's disappeared off the face of the Earth... Oh well too bad... And that's why I will never ever ever give money to anything from Kickstarter ever again. In fact I actively comment on their posts on Facebook to educate others that if they hand their money over then they aren't going to get anything, tell them Kickstarter won't care that they got scammed, and then link them to this project. Everyone should do the same I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Also reported the project as lumar recommended. Fellow backers, invoking our rights is important, but our voice is not leaving this forum unless you also REPORT THIS PROJECT. Go to Campaign click on Report this project click on This project breaks one of our rules click on Not a project Projects on Kickstarter must create something to share with others. In Please specify how the project breaks this rule I personnaly wrote: Project has been fully funded (over 10x its goal) since June 2013, over 4 years ago. Nothing has been produced so far. The last so called "update" from the creator was made over 1 year ago on April 2016 and provides no timeframe for project completion. This project had every chance to be completed as planed but it did not. There are nearly 12000 comments from unhappy backers, requesting a refund for this failed project. If enough backers report this project, maybe that KS will finally take some action... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Kickstarter = Legal way to rob people I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. We are not getting our money back plain and simple. I have written this money off so it will be a pleasant surprise if I get anything back. Kickstarter got their cut when the project was funded so do not care anymore. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I know this will do nothing, but in the off chance this gets picked up... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. @Ben Baskaran - With reference to getting your money back from your credit card company, how did you go about this and what did you say to them to make them refund the money? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. After staying away long time from negativity, even I am of the opinion that there is no future for this project, therefor: I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. Just sent an email to KS. See here's the reply. tl;dr version: Go find an attorney and handle it yourself. ----------- Need to reply? Just write above this line. Your request has been updated. You can add a comment by replying to this email. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Aug 2, 6:44 PM EDT Hi Joe, Kickstarter's Terms of Use outline the responsibilities of backers and creators. This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider that option only in cases where they believe that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. If you believe legal action is appropriate here, please talk to an attorney about how to proceed. Best, Katherine Joe Chan Aug 1, 6:23 AM EDT The mentioned project has passed the promised delivery time, has not been updated for years and the creator is hiding from the community. It is obvious that the project will not be finished. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I managed to get a refund from my credit card company being in uk we have better protection in cases like this. @Edward - yes, I agree, a complete scam. My question is (because i haven't been watching the comments here) did anyone else get the "refund" in the form of the Amazon GC? I stopped worrying about it because I did get a GC, and felt less duped. @ben - Yeah I dont think so. This was a scam pure and simple. Jus tlike Frankenspiel, now arist espresso machine, gmouse. So many others, I have three active projects that i am 90% sure will deliver a project and 4-5(including this one) that will never deliver. I for one am not backing any other project once those other projects deliver. I wonder if all these people who invoked their rights got their money back? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. (althought I dont think that it will help) I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Can someone explain to me what this "I invoke my rights" means and what does it achieve? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Project reported. As all other backers are proclaiming: I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. There is no hope for a refund when Kickstarter is not liable in any way. I have been taken for thousands of dollars because I was foolish enough to think that a "requirement" for creators to fulfill or refund meant something. Cut your losses and run, but remember that every pledge you make here is a high-risk investment. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. see " Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I am in total agreement. I would like to get a refund. " I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>" Project reported as followed: "Project has been fully funded (over 10x its goal) since June 2013, over 4 years ago. Nothing has been produced so far. The last so called "update" from the creator was made over 1 year ago on April 2016 and provides no timeframe for project completion. This project had every chance to be completed as planed but it did not. There are nearly 12000 comments from unhappy backers, requesting a refund for this failed project." Well I think 4 years is plenty of time to discover this was never a thing I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I hate the fact that we don't even get closure. Failure is one thing but hiding from the people you failed is just low. No updates or replies for months. Kickstarter really should show some backbone about this one. I dont back any projects anymore because of my experience with this project, which is a shame. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I also think the above paste is BS and I wont see any monies or products from this Is it worth spamming HoH FB page as they are a co creator? maybe they can get Chris to reply Has anyone actually received a refund yet? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Well I think 4 years is plenty of time to discover this was never a thing I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear Creator, I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. What's all this "I invoke my rights" stuff. Yes this will get you a refund or a watch. Forget it he has scammed all of you and laughing all the way to the bank with his tax free windfall Everybody: At the bottom of the Campaign page, at <url>"report project" option, if you haven't already, please report this page. if there are enough reports, Kickstarter will have no choice other then jump in and investigate. I hate to say this, but we have another avenue, which is House of Horology. They are on this as a creator too and they are currently in a known location and still in business. I'd be happy paying a "for cost" price for one of their watches as a way to end this debacle. Short of that, they could be approached re: a lawsuit too. (please don't flame, I know the history, but the fact is that HoH IS listed as a co-creator). I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Hey Chris Wanker, I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Project reported. As all other backers are proclaiming: I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use as well: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. After waiting this long for a product that will never see the light of day I would also like to request a full refund.. Although, I am pretty sure that will never happen.. because of this whole experience, i've pretty much sworn off backing any projects in general. No protection for undelivered goods has kept me from investing. Like most backers, I also invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Refund my money you fraud!!! I'm in for a class action, do you know a good lawyer for this? I still can't believe this bullshit. There are well over 5000 backers... wonder if a class action is in order. I guess this loser ended up stealing over $1 million, but nobody wants to do anything about it. Imagine a bank being robbed of $1 million. We were all robbed. I wish there was someone who could do something for us. How to be respectful and considerate? How?!?!???? Project reported... not the first one unfortunately. Dear creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use as well: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Keep checking to see if there's an update that he has died of penis cancer, I find really cool things on Kickstarter, but before backing anything, I always come back to this page. I have never backed anything else on Kickstarter. I'm okay to pay that 10% - 20% for a product. This incident with Agent & Chris is the reason why I will never back on any Crowdfunding platform. Heck even half of those will suffice. A damn watch case and strap will be okay with me - if these exist. Fu Chris Wanker. Fu Kickstarter. There is no solution in this, scam Every now and then I get a wave of rage when I remember I backed Chris Wa*ker's Agent 'not so' smart watch... It is now approaching the four years mark since I paid for my watch and have nothing to show for it. If the project is dead and you have lost/stolen/wasted my money, then just say so. @Frank Well according to those terms I linked it states "This page applies only to projects launched on or before October 18th, 2014 at 11:59pm ET. For the current version of these terms, please click here." @Anthony Hmm. I wonder if the new ToS supplant the old and that's why they're sticking to their guns about the risk involved with backing projects. What's going on? For all projects launched before October 28th 2014 - <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Come on, guys. Praying against him till the day you die? Are we so petty? Honestly, I just hope he makes an update saying that Secret Labs ran out of money, and that he screwed up cause he mismanaged the project. That he did not put faith in House of Horology and will offer them a full apology for throwing them under the bus when it's his own mismanagement and the lack of understanding that killed this project. And thank us for the nice additions we made to his house... That he operated the project by using lots of pseudonyms; and that the "team" had only consist of him, his wife, and 3 of his pseudonyms... And the watch straps, man... Fuck that guy seriously though. I want my money back I will never forgive you and will keep praying against you till the day I die. $199 refund? Heck even half of those will suffice. A damn watch case and strap will be okay with me - if these exist. Fu Chris Wanker. Fu Kickstarter. I'm thinking about putting together a video (possibly even a short film) documenting this failed project and KickStarter's lack of accountability. I know many of you have been following the progress (or lack thereof) more closely than I have. Is anyone interested in sharing their stories and/or collaborating on this? If so, drop me a line at <email>. Kickstarter is a gateway for legalised theft. Period. You don't even have to be a hacker. Just someone who can throw in perhaps 1K on a fancy video and submission. Once done - sit back and wait for the money. Not done anything else with wilderness labs because my consultancy business has taken off. If anyone can find Chris Walker then please let me know. Hope I made a few of you chuckle on the site in any case. As for Chris - we can but hope his life is a misery. @Brian Many of us have already contacted the NY AG, myself included. I also tried the FTC, BBB, and pretty much any other way to make his life hell. Someone here even sued him in small claims court, I think. It was a long time ago now. If I recall he didn't show. The whole thing stinks of a scam. The latest where some people got refunds for the gift certificates to the store the never existed was really an extra kick in the pants. I still want to know what addition we put on Chris's house somewhere in UT. I assume the "factory" was never located in NYC <url>s important to remember that sometimes complications arise that might prevent a project from unfolding as planned  or from happening at all. This certainly isnt ideal, but we hope that creators and backers will try to communicate with each other through these developments. Although we are unable to offer refunds, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and thank you for sharing your experience. We hope youll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow. I reported this project to Kickstarter: "If this project isn't on your radar, there's a failure of support for your community of backers making Kickstarter campaigns a reality. To put it plainly, the creators of this campaign have on multiple occasions shared false claims and deliberately misled their backers to avoid answering the 'tough questions' if you will. This campaign is over three years old now and not only has the product not shipped, but the companies involved have since been dissolved and the creators have ostensibly left the area. Many of us that backed this campaign pledged over $200. While we're aware that Kickstarter is not a store, we have yet to see anything  even a company form around their idea  that qualifies as a return for our pledges. This is an issue that needs to be addressed, as many of us  and others avoiding Kickstarter for fear of being a victim of a similar scam  would like to take action, but feel unsupported by Kickstarter and are not sure what rights we have as pledgers/consumers in this case of very evident fraud. Thank you for your time. I hope to come to a resolution or at least find a direction for us." How do you take over $1 million and not be held liable for this scam. I guess it's a quick was to make a million. If anyone wants to sue; I'm up for that. We should at least turn him in to the attorney general's office. Sure you could pay a private investigator to go hunt him down, but that costs money. Is there a was to track the guy down and send someone to talk to him? We can all do a class action suit. Taking over a million is a serious felony and has serious consequences. We may not get our money back, but we can ensure that he is brought to justice at some point. If he is out of the US, then he will not be able to return without facing the consequences. There's little point to trying to sue now, Chris Walker has skipped town with our money and probably living on the beach in Mexico. I was in NYC a few weeks ago and there's no trace of him. I'll be in NY this summer. How can I sue him? Anyone wants to join me? Silly me for thinking Kickstarter was fun. It was for some time until I ran into this thief and he stole money from 5685 other people. I also backed a game called "Scale" and the creator stole our money and clearly abandoned the project. At least I only backed him for $10. 200 fucking dollars. I want them back. FUCK YOU CHRIS WALKER FUCK YOU KICKSTARTER The reply from Kickstarter: "Thank you for following up with us about the status of this project. Im sorry youve been experiencing these issues with communication. We've reached out to the creator again with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, and have forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so  it's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete the project as promised. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust and can help lead to the creation of new and exciting things. But its important to remember that sometimes complications arise that might prevent a project from unfolding as planned  or from happening at all. This certainly isnt ideal, but we hope that creators and backers will try to communicate with each other through these developments. Although we are unable to offer refunds, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and thank you for sharing your experience. We hope youll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow. Best, Ral " If you have already reported this project to Kickstarter they don't make it easy to report again. So just send an email to <email> . The more, the merrier. I did that again recently and will update you if/when I get other than their usual facile canned reply. I'm still here, il check weekly. Il report the project. Is there anything else I can do? @Simon - you bring up an interesting angle on this fiasco. If you could get someone to sue you, you would have the ability to legally go after all sorts of related information. ...like the whereabouts of CW and more. Hmmm, how can we get CW to sue you? Once the magical 1 year milestone hits for time passed since Crooked Chris' last update, I propose we do a massive KS report, email Crooked Chris and advise a media outlet campaign. Everyone make sure to report the project to Kickstarter using the button below the project description. Maybe if enough of us report it, they'll actually do something. Going on a year since the last update...At what point does Kickstarter decide to say anything? Where's our update about the watch strap stitching? Or what about the shelf life of the electronic components? Has Chris decided that the spring bars need to be totally redesigned from scratch even though the watch industry perfected them 100 years ago? In short, fuck you Chris Walker. I will continue to follow you around and post what you did here every time you poke your head up and try to scam more money. You're a thief and a scam artist. There will be a special place in hell for you. If Kickstarter admits this is dead, can we file the theft as a write off on our taxes? This is a smartwatch nowadays: <url>"dream" to develop an awesome invention, and you clearly had zero intention of producing this. I guarantee you pocketed the money from the beginning and have been living on the interest ever since. You're a charlatan, and I hope you enjoy your life, knowing that the only reason you can eat is because you screwed over thousands of people. The book Chris Walker wrote about "Getting Started with Netduino" is still available on Amazon as someone recently pointed out. I know that it's old and not likely to get much attention anymore but I posted a bunch of comments in the reviews stating the following: "I know that this is an old product but should you happen to come across this review, please do not buy this book or anything else from, or associated with, Chris Walker. He scammed over 5600 people out of over 1 million dollars though his "Agent Smartwatch" Kickstarter campaign. He strung backers along for several years posting increasingly meaningless updates in order to carry on the appearance that the project/product was still active and would be eventually completed. That is until he decided that even maintaining that faade was too much work at which time, and without any explanation, he took what was left of the money and ran. He stole our money. Please do not give him any of yours. If you want to learn about how Chris Walker / Secret Labs stole money from over 5600 people, you can read through over 11,500 comments (as of posting) here: <url>" The comments may never be seen, they may get deleted. But just one more opportunity to try and ensure the legacy of this disaster hangs around Chris Walker's neck for as long as possible. Chris Gonzales you are so right we should pursuit kickstater for steeling because they should have done what indigogo did here <url>"start again" or make a "fresh start" until he apologises for being a grade A arse and give us some of his ill gotten gains back even if it means he ends up living in a dumpster. Don't let him get away with it. Let's make sure anyone who searches for Chris Walker, Netduino or Secret Labs knows that he is a wrong'un. That is tough on wilderness labs inc but frankly they didn't give a damn about us so why should we care that much? Help me out people. It is my estimation that Kickstarter should have profited over $50k USD from this fraud. I asked the to return the ~$8.90 per backer they collected as an act of good faith, however I got the typical BS about not being able to offer refunds, projects don't always go as planned, etc. If CW didn't maintain his part of the agreement and Kickstarter was aware of that wouldn't that mean that Kickstarter is aiding and abetting fraud? It doesn't sit well with me that Kickstarter is knowingly and willingly profiting from fraud. I will never back a Kickstarter project again. It's amazing this dude got over $1 million and no response. No following up from Kickstarter. Nothing at all. @Simon He's either really stupid for buying the Netduino IP (and all of CW's problems) or he's got one heck of a legal shield from the nightmare... It'll be interesting to see how this plays out Wilderness Labs... Sell whatever stock, cabinets, and capital used from funding in those project and return to the investors. Chris Walker... Rott in hell. I hope we never run into one another. <url>"live" then surely Secret Labs has the responsibility to update and deliver. It appears that the owner of Wilderness Labs Inc knows Chris Walker well - so much so he is one of the few on the planet that actually wore a test version of the AGENT watch. He is, like his mate, threatening me with legal action over the website so any advice or help is appreciated. One thing I can promise - the content posted on there (unlike on here) will always be available. That is the great thing about facts and opinions on the internet - it never has to go away. Had an interesting email today from someone who claims to have purchased the IP of Secret Labs (what IP?) and also the Netduino brand. He claims that his company established Wilderness Labs to rescue Netduino and that Chris Walker has nothing to do with the business. The email alleges that they were going to make an announcement next month but weirdly their suppliers know about my website and it is harming their business. All this amounted to "your website is wrong so cease and desist" with a demand to take it down. The weird thing is that the url that the email came from doesn't link to any business nor does it have a live web presence. Smells fishier than Chris Walkers mum. Anyone want to lend a hand? Is there no way to contact all the people with pledges to this project to start a class action lawsuit or anything? there's over 5600 of us, and we've collectively paid a million dollars, surely there's a legal way to deal with scammers like Chris? This user's account has been deleted. It amazes me that when I backed this watch it was really going to be one of the smartest watches I'd ever owned. As time went on I got the Pebble then later the Apple Watch. Now if I was to receive it I'd be happy I got something but honestly would I even wear it? I'm sad that I no longer use KickStarter. We the backers are guaranteed nothing. If I was a scammer....I'd make some really great graphics, cool video, and promise the world. But mama didn't raise a crook. I feel this article from the extremely reliable news source The Onion sums up Chris Walker... <url>"...credit card provider..." (wishing we could edit posts - I do my best proofreading in the 'sent items' folder) @Frank - if you previously contributed to fundedjustice.com, you should have received a refund (of that amount only). If you did not receive a refund of your fundedjustice.com amount, then you can post a message through your fundedjustice account and I will send you a receipt which you can use to track down the refund with your credit card provided. This is NOT a refund of your Agent money and I can't help anyone (including myself) with that. How do we contact / receive a refund from Funded Justice? Jeff - no I haven't done anything SEO wise yet. If anyone wants to lend a hand feel free to reach out. I want to make sure that on page one of any google search related to Wilderness Labs Inc, Secret Labs LLC and Chris Walker himself this new website will be returned. I think Chris is near the end game of this project and when he shuts it down then so will the posts etc. I have copied mine and will be using them as a basis for blogs - next one will be about him "partnering" House of Horology I think. We may have lost our money but we can hopefully make this guys life that little more tricky and unrewarding. I want him to suffer until he shows some remorse. The man is a coward and a crook in my opinion and we need some sort of justice. If you have ANY info on Chris or want to write a blog post just email it to agentisdead and I will publish it. If anyone can help on the SEO side please let me know. Thanks You are a genius, Simon. Not Chris Walker Mensa genius, but the good kind of genius. I will be putting some gems together. We need to get the meta data setup so the bots hit this. Did you set all of that up yet? This will be loads of fun. Good therapy for losing $150-$200 to this dickwad. Lol Simon, this made my day. www.wilderness-labs.com If you would like to contribute a blog or fill in the "about" section then you know how to get in touch. agentisdead at gmail dot com Martin Many thanks for your efforts. I didn't throw any money in because I didn't see it getting anywhere to be honest. Shame, as many people seem angry (my email list had over 200 names on it) but perhaps many feel that we have zero chance of getting any money from the crook Chris Walker. Perhaps the money would have been better spent on some gentlemen to pay Chris a visit. As he has the audacity to create Wilderness Labs at least we know where he can be tracked from. Chris Walker - If you're reading this I have a Christmas present for you. An all expenses paid trip to Aleppo. I'm sure you would be treated exactly the way you deserve to be. @Martin...I received your email and refund from FJ. Thank you for that and for trying to bring some sanity to this trainwreck. Happy holidays my man. Regarding Wilderness Labs, if that is a new venture as it seems to be, I'm frankly stunned. Welcome to the new age of narcissism, chutzpah and gall. Not sure where this is going, but looks like there are a few more turns ahead... And just to be clear, because everyone gets excited at the word 'refund', my previous post only relates to the people who contributed to the FundedJustice.com campaign to engage a lawyer and is NOT related in any way to your Agent pledges. @Brenda - thanks for confirming receipt of Funded Justice refund @Jeff - I processed all the refunds on the same day. Refunds were processed via Stripe. The full amount plus fees and FJ's margin was deducted from my account (I ate the fees as promised). You can email me at martin at calsyn dot net with the email that you pledged from and I will try to give you a confirmation that you can use to track down the refund with your CC provider. Apologies for any trouble you had, but I did refund everyone, and will help you track down issues with your CC provider. Mostly I regret that we couldn't get any satisfaction here, though realistically, the FJ money was too little to engage a retained atty and I never found one that was interested in it on speculation. I don't drop by here very often, but I did today and wanted to correct any perception that FJ monies were still being held. If you didn't get your refund, the problem lies somewhere between Stripe and your CC and I will do my best to help you track it down. Best of the season to you all ... Martin Refund please It's amazing this dude got over $1 million and no response. No following up from Kickstarter. Nothing at all. Looks like he logged in on Dec. 7th. I wonder if we will get an update soon? Or was it just to update his email address to Wilderness Labs. I wonder if he can transfer or sell netduino from Secret Labs with liabilities against Secret labs? Also, if he is liquidating Secret Labs what happened to the parts and cabinets he had purchased with the funds? I worder if that is where he got the cash to refund those who op-ed out for the Secret Store? I will just leave this here.... Yes, looks like he has pack one of his "companies" into Wilderness Labs... <url>#108 FOSTER CITY CALIFORNIA 94404 (You can thank the US Patent and Trademark Office for locating this a**hole!) Not only did I back a Pebble Time 2, I also back a third party Time Dock 2 for it. So it's gonna to be a $50 paper weight if they don't redesign it... Did anyone see that Pebble is refunding their backers? If we don't receive a refund, we need to file a class action lawsuit. Secret Labs and House of Horology are very clearly committing fraud. Still want my money back mf'ers! It seems that I'm not going to have Pebble Time 2 either. Chri$, now it's your possilibity to save the day :). LOL. Kickstarter, byebye. refund? what refund? Followed the process as requested and still haven't seen the refund? Thanks all. Martin reached out as well and gave me the refund receipt. I completely missed that refund going through but did indeed receive it in October. @jeff I can also confirm that I got a refund from Funded Justice direct to my credit card, as promised. Never saw anything about a refund from Funded Justice or an option to take a gift card. $200 wasted that I should just write off as a donation. Maybe the IRS will show some love :D @jeff I also received my refund from the funded justice campaign. @Jeff I got a refund from Funded Justice in early October. Came through on my credit card - no email or anything. For those that had hope, rest assured there is none. Another reminder to not give strangers your money. <url>"Thank you for voicing your concerns with this project. We expect all members of the Kickstarter community to act with honesty and openness. When we find that people are abusing the system or the trust of others, we do not hesitate to suspend their account or restrict certain account privileges, like launching another project. On our end, among staff, we track creators' fulfillment histories as comprehensively as possible - from snags to more serious complications - to help ensure creator accountability. We may adjust our policies based on feedback from backers and creators, and/or data aggregated across projects. Additionally, our Integrity Team monitors our system and reviews reports that we receive from our community. While we cant speak to the nature of specific projects that have been approved or declined, were constantly working on improving our vetting process for creators and we are grateful for the feedback that folks like you provide." @eric the offer of a "gift card" was in Update 26 way back in Feb 2015 : "If you would like a gift certificate (equal to the pledge tier amount of your selected physical reward), you can have your AGENT Smartwatch reward delivered to Secret Labs and Secret Labs will trade you for a gift certificate. Gift certificates do not expire and are valid for use toward the purchase price of Secret Labs products. You can use your gift certificate for current or future Secret Labs products--including future AGENT gear and any of the gear we will build with the parts from your AGENT Smartwatch reward. The Secret Labs gift store will open on 30-Jun-2015. Secret Labs is a small business and does not have a million dollars worth of gear in stock, but Secret Labs will manufacture enough gear so that there is something for everyone who trades in for a gift certificate." Some took a chance that Crooked Chris might offer something else in the Secret Labs store (whatever the fuck that was). They were lucky even though Chris was over 12 months late and still didn't deliver what he set out to do (see my last post). Most scoffed at Crooked Chris delivering anything and so did nothing. I would jump at the refund/gift card offer. But I have never seen anything for this. I'd be ecstatic to receive an offer for a refund or gift card. Anything,really... @John don't feel like a sucker, I'd daresay that it was a "fortunate" minority who took up Crooked Chris' offer of the Secret Labs gift certificate. I for one didn't take up the offer because I had zero trust in Crooked Chris' integrity and the offer was laughable (I still think it is) He's likely received legal advice that he HAD to follow up on some sort of gift certificate as he was changing the product offered and gave an offer outside of Kickstarter's T&C. Likely leaving him much, much more open to legal action. Those who have stuck with the watch option remain screwed over under the KS terms. Am I reading this correctly, some backers have been sent an email offering a refund/gift voucher? I've not seen a single email from the project in many months, can we all expect some offer of a refund I wonder? , this is BS ! He probably ran with the $$$ I feel like quite the sucker for holding out a sliver of hope for delivery and not taking up the offer of the gift certificate. Where does this leave those of us who didn't opt for the 'trade-in' ? ROFL @ Chris throwing HoH under the bus for his bullshit. I would be glad to receive that "prototype" that was shown to us on the video... I backed your kickstarter watch and now after 3 years of nothing much, and nearly half a year of no updates, it is apparent that are going to fail to deliver. What are you doing about reimbursing investors? Dean (backer 2511) Dear Dean, Thank you very much for reaching out to us regarding redemption of your Secret Labs gift certificate. Recently, the Secret Labs gift shop was closed. Our job is to help redeem outstanding gift certificates. As we understand it, a while back Secret Labs gave all Kickstarter backers of the SL+HoH project the option of trading-in their project rewards for Secret Labs gift certificates. All those certificates were subsequently issued. Did you participate in that reward-for-gift-certificate trade-in offer? We did a quick search of our gift certificate database and came up empty :( We have done a quick search, but could not locate any trade-in requests or gift certificate under your name or e-mail address. If you have a copy of your original trade-in request confirmation, we can process that immediately for you and help you get it redeemed. If you want us to research further, were happy to do that for you too. Please note that this gift certificate conversion is being handled by temporary/outside staff members, and we are unable to offer any assistance other than fulfilling or converting your Secret Labs gift certificate. Kindest regards, Gift Card Redemption Team <email> I did not participate because in all my communications with secret labs over the past 3 years, this is the first response that I have received. As I understand it, the secret labs store didn't even open so it appeared to be that it was just another way to pass time. Is that what this is too or is this actually legitimate? Dear Dean, Thanks again for writing back to us. So sorry for any confusion about the trade-in offer. We have researched this and can confirm that: 1. Secret Labs set up an online gift shop around June 30, 2015. 2. The gift shop experienced some pretty severe technical difficulties via its external provider, some gift certificate requests had to be handled manually, and the gift shop has been closed. 3. Secret Labs issued the promised gift certificate to all of backers who requested a trade-in via the offer. 4. We are here to make sure that all of those gift certificates can be redeemed or, since the gift shop has now closed, converted to another form (similar to what other stores have done with gift certificates when they have closed). Weve actually received a few e-mails from people who posted comments on online comment boards believing they were reaching out to Secret Labs or who tried to contact Secret Labs staff members through means or e-mail addresses which didnt belong to Secret Labs staff membersand were then frustrated thinking they were being ignored. Thats really unfortunate, for all involved. :( A few folks who requested/redeemed gift certificates have indicated that a lot of gift certificate holders who have redeemed them have posted about their confirmed redemptions online on the Kickstarter websiteso in the end if youre looking for independent confirmation that Secret Labs actually did both issue and honor its gift certificates as offeredthose independent confirmations backed-up by goods or certificates might help assuage your concerns. Sorry for any confusionand for any feelings that Secret Labs (the company) wasnt responding to any communication you sent to them. From our experience, Secret Labs has been doing all they couldand their founder put his entire life savings intothat Kickstarter project and trying to fix the incredibly-unfortunate and multiple problems at House of Horology (fake/unshippable sapphire, Styrofoam-like leather straps, pushbuttons that wouldnt push, parts that didnt fit or were missing, etc.). If theres anything we can do to help you or others redeem their Secret Labs gift certificates, were here to make sure all those certificates are honored. Please note that gift certificate redemption and conversion is being handled by temporary/outside staff members, and we are unable to offer any assistance other than fulfilling or converting your Secret Labs gift certificate. Kindest regards, Gift Card Redemption Team <email> Sounds like shite to me. @Roma @Frank thanks for your responses. I agree - who would know that explicit level of detail other than Chris [the crook] himself? I've just gotten off the phone to Amazon Payments to attempt to recover ANY monies from the US$214 payment I put through to Secret Labs LLC back in June 2013. Unfortunately, they weren't able to chargeback, as Amazon terminated any KS funding back in 2014 (wise move!) and couldn't even find my transaction in their system.. so again we're left having to fight this ourselves.. KS need to pull their finger out and help us on this.. just can't believe this guy gets a cool $1M and walks off untouchable into the sunset?! @Owen, oh yes, undoubtedly those relies are either from Chris Walker or scripted by him. What 3rd party service would write this? : "Apparently Secret Labs and its founder personally have spent a fortune on the tech and trying to fix the problem". Personally? Fortune? Those words have come straight from liar Walker's keyboard. What a turd he is. Kickstarter is complicit in protecting Walker. I've contacted them several times, specifically asking for non-canned replies. They can't even be bothered doing that! I think KS should put the $50,000 they kept of our money into trust for us to pay a good lawyer to hunt down Walker and launch legal action against him on our behalf. KS has all our email addresses could tell everyone. I'd hope one of us in the US could pull this together for all of us. Martin Calsyn tried hard with his Funded Justice campaign but struggled to get the word out. @Owen: Of course the POS is behind this mailbox. Very soon we will get the final message... sorry folks unfortunately the team ran out of money and thanks for your support and patience. I'd prefer something... anything! Kickstarter needs to get its act together and follow up with this scumbag. I won't ever back another campaign, because this tool stole over a million bucks and has literally given us nothing. Shame on you KS for allowing this kind of fraudulent activity. Ok everyone, so I reached out and cant believe some of the DETAIL accusing HoH of their shortcomings in these supposed canned responses!? @Creator is definitely behind this mailbox.. I ended up getting nowhere, but thought I would share some of the emails with this 'gift card redemption' team allegedly managing the gift cards.. Note like many of us, I did NOT opt for store credit and hence apparently do not qualify for a gift card, but as you will see below, I tried to get at least SOME solution to get what I paid for - either a Watch (yeah, stop laughing) or a Gift Certificate.. anyway read on and enjoy! TL;DR - I contacted Secret Labs to only find out that HAD I taken the Store Credit Option, I would (might) have gotten an Amazon Gift Certificate.. but instead, we are still getting the runaround.. surely Kickstarter can get involved now that some backers are getting something from the company?? emails in reverse order, start at the bottom and work up *** On Sat, 19 Nov 2016, at 10:27, Secret Labs Store wrote: Dear Owen, As we understand it, the trade-in offer has expired and all gift certificates were issued. The Secret Labs gift shop is now closed, all trade-in requests were issued gift certificates, and all issued gift certificates are still eligible for redemption (including conversion to another gift card, with the store closure, through November 30, 2016). Please note that this gift certificate conversion is being handled by temporary/outside staff members, and we are unable to offer any assistance other than fulfilling or converting your Secret Labs gift certificate. Kind regards, and thank you for the weekend wishes! Gift Card Redemption Team <email> *** Sent: Friday, November 18, 2016 3:54 PM To: Secret Labs Store <email> Subject: Re: Thanks for becoming a backer of AGENT: The World's Smartest Watch by Secret Labs + House of Horology. Thanks for your reply - however as mentioned: at the time, I didn't opt to trade-in, as there was still an option offered to stick it out and receive the watch. From what you've said about HoH and their production issues in great detail, it seems that the watch delivery will never eventuate. Is there a way to now 'opt in' and obtain the Amazon gift certificate in place of a watch that will never be completed? I tried emailing the opt in mailbox but it has since been closed down. I really appreciate you taking the time to respond and look forward to hearing from you soon. Have a great weekend. Regards, Owen. *** On Sat, 19 Nov 2016, at 09:39, Secret Labs Store wrote: Dear Owen, We understand that there were massive problems with the Kickstarter project at the watch design firm House of Horology (fake/unshippable sapphire, styrofoam-like leather watch straps, pushbutton that couldnt push, parts that were didnt fit or were missing in the watch case, etc.) and that Secret Labs is looking at potential ways to have another company re-do all of House of Horologys workbut that may itself be a steep hill to climb. Apparently Secret Labs and its founder personally have spent a fortune on the tech and trying to fix the problem. It sounds like a really unfortunate situation overall. Our job is to help certificate-holders redeem their outstanding gift certificates (as the gift shop has closed). Theres not much we can do from that perspective to help fix the issues with the watch design firm or the project. Frustrating. Agreed. If theres any chance that you did take Secret Labs up on its trade-in offer and received a gift certificate, we can redeem that for you. We just need the certificate # or the original trade-in confirmation (which was audited and should be in our database). We are here to take care of all certificate holders. Please note that this gift certificate conversion is being handled by temporary/outside staff members, and we are unable to offer any assistance other than fulfilling or converting your Secret Labs gift certificate. Thank you, and sorry for any frustration :( Gift Card Redemption Team <email> *** Sent: Thursday, November 17, 2016 3:19 PM To: Secret Labs Store <email> Subject: Re: Thanks for becoming a backer of AGENT: The World's Smartest Watch by Secret Labs + House of Horology. Hi, that is not only disappointing but very confusing as I'm sure you can understand. As a fully paid customer of the Agent Smartwatch who has tried to support the company and now to be advised that I cannot receive a gift certificate - then what is the alternative option for me? Will there be a watch offered anytime soon? I hope you can appreciate that I cannot comprehend how some customers are receiving gift certificates whereas other loyal customers like me are left 'out in the cold' with nothing to show for my $214 spent at Secret Labs?! I would appreciate anything you can do to escalate my case and provide either the gift certificate to the value of my unfulfilled purchase or offer the alternative solution/option for me. Thank you very much, Owen. *** On Fri, 18 Nov 2016, at 08:25, Secret Labs Store wrote: Dear Owen, Unfortunately, as we understand it, Secret Labs kept the trade-in offer open for more than a year but it expired a little while ago and all final gift certificates were issued :( If theres any chance that you were as frustrated as Secret Labs apparently was with the delays at House of Horology and took Secret Labs up on its trade-in offer, please send us a copy of your original e-mail request to <email>. We can then research it further for you. Our job is to help make sure 100% of gift certificates are redeemed, converted, etc. Please note that this gift certificate conversion is being handled by temporary/outside staff members, and we are unable to offer any assistance other than fulfilling or converting your Secret Labs gift certificate. Kind regards, Gift Card Redemption Team <email> *** Sent: Thursday, November 17, 2016 2:00 PM To: Secret Labs Store <email> Subject: Re: Thanks for becoming a backer of AGENT: The World's Smartest Watch by Secret Labs + House of Horology. Hi team and thank you for your response. At the time I did not take up the store credit offer, as I was still holding out hope that the Agent Smartwatch would be completed and delivered. Of course, over the past year or so there has been no progress whatsoever and few Kickstarter updates on the watch, hence I would like to take up the gift certificate option please. I would greatly appreciate your assistance and look forward to hearing from you. Kind regards, Owen *** On Fri, 18 Nov 2016, at 07:22, Secret Labs Store wrote: Dear Owen, Thank you very much for reaching out to us regarding redemption of your Secret Labs gift certificate. Recently, the Secret Labs gift shop was closed and our job is to make sure that outstanding gift certificates are redeemed. As we understand it, a while back Secret Labs gave Kickstarter backers the option of trading-in their project rewards for Secret Labs Gift Certificates. All those certificates were subsequently issued. Did you participate in that reward-for-gift-certificate trade-in offer? We did a quick search of our gift certificate database and came up empty :( If you have a copy of your original request/receipt, we can process that immediately for you. If you want us to research further, were happy to do that for you too. Please note that this gift certificate conversion is being handled by temporary/outside staff members, and we are unable to offer any assistance other than fulfilling or converting your Secret Labs gift certificate. Thank you! Gift Card Redemption Team <email> *** Sent: Tuesday, November 15, 2016 9:01 PM To: <email> Subject: Fwd: Thanks for becoming a backer of AGENT: The World's Smartest Watch by Secret Labs + House of Horology. Dear team at Secret Labs. Per the below attached emails, please advise when I can expect to receive a Gift Card in exchange for the Agent Smartwatch that never made it to production. I understand many of my peers have received the Gift Card details and I am happy to receive an Amazon USA Gift Card valued at US$214 via email, so I can redeem and use online straight away. Many thanks and please stay in touch. Regards, Owen *** ----- Original message ----- From: Kickstarter no-<email> Subject: Thanks for becoming a backer of AGENT: The World's Smartest Watch by Secret Labs + House of Horology. Date: Fri, 24 May 2013 15:12:29 +0000 @FrankyB @Nathaniel G, yes I received the same message from the so-called Gift Card Redemption Team. This project is beyond redemption. Nathan and others...don't feed the troll. There is no "gift-card" redemption center. We are being trolled by a narcasitic asshole. Give it up. I am willing to be money these people receiving the emails are a) dear friends of that jackass, or B) email identifiable members of this turds other failed venture Netcrappo. Leave it go and let this asshole man-up and address us through an update. The mere fact the coward is sending these emails out and responding to emails at the same time is proof this dumbass is getting off on it. Let us not forget he replied that the "gift shop" is closed, which means he is done. Chris...you're a coward and a criminal. I wish you and your family unhappy tidings and misfortune. Happy holidays, coward. @ Franky B. I received the same message when asking to trade in my "reward" now. A few things strike this as off to me and raise even more questions 1. Were these SL Gift Certificates ever issued to the people who did choose that option? 2. Was the store aka "Secret Labs Gift Shop" ever open? 3. Was anything ever offered in the store if it was open? 4. Why does Chris has "temp/outside staff" handling this now. 5. Who is paying for that staff? 6. Why is it necessary for someone to have outside help handle this. I assume this is because Chris is busy working on our next update? My gut says this was probably the plan all along for Option 3. It's a means to close out the loop for certain backers who in essence have forfeited their rewards and have no further claim against Chris and Secret Labs. He now clearly owes them nothing. I'm not a lawyer but it just reeks of some gamesmanship to avoid liability somewhere. Hindsight is 20/20 here but I really wish I had picked option 3 now so I could be out of this nightmare project. @Christopher Hammond or anyone else who has received this redemption offer. Did you ever receive an issued gift certificate? @Christopher, how did you do that as this is the answer I just got from @ChrisWalker Dear XXXXXX, Thank you very much for reaching out to us regarding redemption of your Secret Labs gift certificate. Recently, the Secret Labs gift shop was closed and our job is to make sure that outstanding gift certificates are redeemed. As we understand it, a while back Secret Labs gave Kickstarter backers the option of trading-in their project rewards for Secret Labs Gift Certificates. All those certificates were subsequently issued. Did you participate in that reward-for-gift-certificate trade-in offer? We did a quick search of our gift certificate database and came up empty :( If you have a copy of your original request/receipt, we can process that immediately for you. If you want us to research further, were happy to do that for you too. Please note that this gift certificate conversion is being handled by temporary/outside staff members, and we are unable to offer any assistance other than fulfilling or converting your Secret Labs gift certificate. Thank you! Gift Card Redemption Team <email> I submitted my refund request last night and received an Amazon gift card, deposited in my account and confirmed it is all squared away. Refund please. Send my amazon gift card. Sure I'll wait. What's another month after 3 years. I'm dissapointed with how this has turned out and that people who held out that this would see completition are being punished. If I would have known I would have jumped ship at update 26. I understand the risks with Kickstarter, but I really find the shipping charges as being quite shady. Is there a way to request the gift card? All...Chris had not updated is in months. He has slowly broken every promise and turned everyone against him. He is doing this little gift card thing in spite of everyone. Consider this payback from a gutless turds with any business sense and ethics. He gets off on throwing partners and backers under the bus, and that was apparent 4 months into this thing. He is having fun and exacting his revenge from afar. Do not expect mass refunds. This gift card situation seems as shady as this project! I haven't received any notification of any kind related to this project! Wish that POS would just offered this option for everyone... Can anyone guide me on how to obtain the gift certificate? i want my gift card. please refund. refund please it would nicely be apriciated Chris thanks in advance  I agree, why not offer this exchange again with the correct terms. I would have taken the gift card offer without a doubt! So in Feb of 2015 Chris offered gift certificates that were supposed to be for current or future Secret Labs products to be sold in a yet to be opened store (Update #26, Option 3). I choose to stay the course because there were no products I was interested in and my faith in Chris developing any products that I would be interested in now was and is still not high. That store was supposed to be open end of June 2015 and gift certs were supposed to go out on or before June 30 and never expire. Now he is issuing gift certificates that can be converted to CASH with in 30 days. This is totally different from his original offer back in Feb 2015. I would absolutely without a second taken this option back then if this was even a potential outcome. I guess I'm not at all surprised though. I still would really like an explanation to the broader group as to why he thinks this OK. I'd gladly take a gift card! I haven't swapped the reward back then but hopefully they'll get to the rest of us as well Who do I email to get a gift card? Selected reward $199 DECEMBER AGENTS (with charger): One AGENT smartwatch with Qi wireless charger. Savings of $100 off estimated $299 MSRP. Ships anywhere in the world Estimated delivery: Dec 2013 No watch and even more annoying some of you are getting gift cards? Seriously WTF? I want my gift card now Very disappointed with everything, I feel misled Often scam this watch and other shameful all Gift card redemption team...Chris' multiple personalities are back! How did everyone get their gift cards? Did you email in somewhere? Looks like CW is getting nervous... He's moved Netduino.com from GoDaddy to some no name registrar. I checked the netduino site forums. Doesn't look like Chris has posted there since last Oct..... BTW, House of Horology is still around. <url>"@Creator, For the record, you owe me 5 watches or $925. I backed one (silly me) and bought four from other backers (stupid me). Here are the deals which I detailed fully to you in an mail on 28 April 2014 and PM on 10 September 2014. ROMA, original pledge, $214 | KEVIN, 9/11/2013, $199 | JOHN, 24/11/2013, $149 | DINO, 28/1/2014, $164 | JOE MINNELLA, 28/1/2014, $199 Stump up!" Hmmm ... How is this fair? I'm among those backers who didn't want to swap our pledges for a bucket of bolts from Secret Labs. We certainly weren't offered a cash equivalent at the time. I'm pleased for those who are effectively getting refunds but it seems plenty of us will miss out. @Alan In update 26 from Feb 2015 Chris offered a number of options, one of which was to exchange your pledge for Secret Labs merchandise. I had chosen this option, thinking I must be able to resell it and get part of my money back. You can see from the text of the email that the Secret Labs "Gift Shop" is closed and they are offering gift cards instead. I just got the email I pasted below the other day. Over 1 1/2 years later. @Tim But how/where did you request it? Thanks, I had requested the Secret Labs gift certificate, and got the offer I posted below. How do we get a credit? Hello guys, I haven't got anything until now, but I wonder: is everyone that backed this project getting this reward or only those who requested to trade the AGENT smartwach for a Secret Labs gift certificate? Here is the text of the email for those who haven't got theirs yet. I'm located in Canada if that makes any difference. Secret Labs Store <email> to me Dear XXX, We received your e-mail, requesting to trade in your physical Secret Labs + House of Horology AGENT Smartwatch reward for a Secret Labs gift certificate. As described in our original trade-in offer, Secret Labs is issuing the gift certificates in batches. We're really sorry for the delay (i.e. that all the batches are taking so long to issue). The good news: we are issuing your gift certificate today. You now have a gift certificate for Secret Labs gear (which you can trade-in for other gear, a major-brand gift card or a cash equivalent...please keep reading). Your gift certificate code is: Long string of characters Your gift certificate value is: $214.00 (US Dollars) Unfortunately due to technical difficulties with external providers, we have had to close the Secret Labs Gift Shop. But we definitely want to make sure we take care of you. So you may redeem the full remaining balance of your gift certificate for a major-brand gift card or for a cash equivalent. This transfer offer is time-sensitive and expires in 30 days, so please act now. Please select from one of the following options: OPTION 1 -- CONVERT TO AMAZON OR APPLE GIFT CARD (quick delivery, offer valid through 30-Nov-2016) If you would like an Amazon or Apple gift card, just let us know. This offer is awesome for USA-based customers. Please provide which type of gift card you would like plus your mailing address, in case we need to send you a physical card. We will try to send the gift card to you quickly via e-mail; please note that, if we need to send you a physical card instead, we cannot be responsible for lost mail. OPTION 2 -- CONVERT TO PRE-PAID DEBIT CARD (delivery within 6-8 weeks, offer valid through 30-Nov-2016) If you would like a pre-paid debit card (Visa/MasterCard/American Express), we can do this for you. Please note that these cards often come with monthly or usage fees, so they may lose value over time. Please provide your mailing address, in case we need to send you a physical card. Please note that we cannot be responsible for lost mail. OPTION 3 -- CONVERT TO MONEY ORDER OR CHECK (delivery within 2-3 months, offer valid through 30-Nov-2016) If you would like cash equivalent (via bank money order, postal money order or physical check), select this option. Please provide your mailing address. Please note that we cannot be responsible for lost mail. Please note that this gift certificate conversion is being handled by temporary/outside staff members, and we are unable to offer any assistance other than fulfilling or converting your Secret Labs gift certificate. Secret Labs and its staff would like to offer you its sincere apologies for the problems with the House of Horology AGENT Smartwatch collaboration. We are really, really sorry. We also really appreciate the trust you put in us. Thank you. Have a wonderful day, Gift Card Redemption Team <email> Did the email come from Secret Labs? I'm not holding my breath to get one, but want to make sure I don't skip over it as spam. Im in AU and i got an email from them asking whether i want it as amazon or apple gift card. Hey I want a gift card!!! Well, I didn't received anything While you guys were receiving an email from Amazon about a gift card, I got sent a message from a third party Amazon seller about buying a prostate massager. I dunno if this is related... Wow, wow, wow, now things are getting really weird! I'd be interested to see which country those who are getting a voucher are based in, i.e. U.S. only. I just got one but only for $30. It mention an order from nwazet for about $159 which is similar to the pledge amount bit I think relates to my order for a netduino go. Chris offered $30 a while back for early backers to reclaim in the netduino gift store. So I think these are unrelated, I hope so because I'm still $130 out of pocket if so. How are people getting gift cards? Can someone please share? Thank you! I just got my Amazon Gift Card. Was pretty shocked. How do we request refunds / giftcards? > However, it's also important to remember that supporting creators as they work to bring projects to life isnt anything like shopping in a store, and its anything but failproof < Except for the fact that they charged a shipping fee, if it isn't a shop then what was the fee for? Or was that an extra scam on Chris's behalf to get people to bump up their pledge? This project has single-handedly put me off using Kickstarter ever again. Just got my GC for my full pledge. Yes. Already received an Amazon gift card for the value I originally backed. :) Has anyone started to received their credits? I got an email today from SecretLabs stating that I have a gift certificate available and can convert it to Amazon, Apple, Debit Card, Check. I must admit, this was the first time I didn't get the vanilla respond from KS. Here's my answer: We didn't give 50 000$ to this guy, he received over 1M$. This was one the highest funding campaign at that time. Kickstarter was praising it by putting it in the top 10. We are not talking about business as usual. As for your hope to see me participate in a new campaign. Forget about it and I tell to anyone ready to listen to NOT give money to Kickstarter for the reasons you clearly listed bellow. Kickstarter not coming out and publicly expose this creator means you actually endorse what he has been doing. Regards, Hi Francis, Thank you for following up with us about the status of this project. I'm sorry that backing this project has turned into such a disappointing experience. We've reached out to the creator with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, and have forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so. We know how frustrating this situation is. However, it's also important to remember that supporting creators as they work to bring projects to life isnt anything like shopping in a store, and its anything but failproof. In fact, its not intended to be  giving creators room to try out their new ideas is a big part of why we love what we do. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust and can help lead to the creation of new and exciting things. This also means that sometimes complications arise that might prevent a project from unfolding as planned  or from happening at all. This certainly isnt ideal, but our aim is that backers and creators can find constructive ways to communicate with each other through these difficulties. Most of the time, creators both communicate and deliver, and backers have good experiences; we hope youll find that what youve gone through is the exception, not the rule. Although we are unable to offer refunds, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and thank you for sharing your experience. I'll be sure to share your feedback with the rest of the team. We know we have more work to do, and we're actively listening to our community to figure out how best to improve our product and policies. In the meantime, we hope youll find projects that you feel confident about  ideas that really resonate with you and projects where you can look into the creators plan, experience, and reputation and find them to be strong. Best, Alfie If anyone wants to file a quick class action suit, let's get this done. Easy win here for us. Another milestone reached !!! 6 months since the last update !!! Well done Chris, if silence is golden, then you're one shiny ****! @Harley: Unfortunately there is one important reason missing in their list: Didn't give any updates the last 6 months and probably will never do again. KIckstarter doesn't have any integrity... This scam has been going on for over 3 years now and they've done nothing. Hmmm sems KS is a bit more aggressive in stopping scams like AGENT. Just got this email: <url>s Integrity team. Were writing to notify you that the MeCam NEO: the Smarter Lifestyle Camera (Suspended), project has been suspended, and your $159.00 USD pledge has been canceled. A review of the project uncovered evidence that it broke Kickstarter's rules. We may suspend projects when they demonstrate one or more of the following: Offering purchased items and claiming to have made them yourself Presenting someone elses work as your own Misrepresenting or failing to disclose relevant facts about the project or its creator Accordingly, all funding has been stopped and backers will not be charged for their pledges. No further action is required on your part. We take the integrity of the Kickstarter system very seriously. We only suspend projects when we find strong evidence that they are misrepresenting themselves or otherwise violating the letter or spirit of Kickstarter's rules. As a policy, we do not offer comment on project suspensions beyond what is stated in this message. Regards, Kickstarter Integrity He was using both agentwatch.com and agentwatches.com... I grabbed the first one that expired. Just got Pebble2 from the Kickstarter project happened 2 year after this!! The California address is for a law firm probably representing Chris, so fuck knows what he's trying to pull. This could also be the last known NY address. 10 Downing St Apt 4x in New York There was also a new Trademark Filing in August for Secret Labs that shows an address of: Secret Lab, LLC 128 Center Street El Segundo, CA 90245 If anyone wants to Chase this down... He's (Chris Walker) updated addresses on some of the trademarks he owns. Check this link for a list. <url>WATCH Series 2 is preparing for shipment according to Apple's website. When this campaign launched, the idea of Apple EVER releasing a watch was a stretch. Now, they'll likely be a car manufacturer by the time this watch is ready. Daniel Chang It doesn't take much to work out how much the idiot has spent and the projected burn rate. For example my post from October (i think) 2014 (?) where I caught him lying about the figures (and demonstrated that if true he was unable to deliver). Then add in the lawyers fees for going after Lawrence. Lets not forget the money Lawrence DID get. That was at least $60K and I suspect more. Add in flights and expenses to the trade show in Hong Kong then the drying cabs for what he had already bought (he says) and then the project manager etc and the money soon gets swallowed. I think he also sunk some money into his other ventures under the guise of R&D on Vapourware 2.0. He will have been charging the project a handsome fee per month from the start as well. His Netduino product line, the main source of income, is really struggling and being delisted from many places. His forum is all but dead. He has had to move as well. Goodness knows what the lease arrangements were on his "factory" but that will either be debt or burnt another hole. All Chris Walker is doing now, with the full permission of Kickstarter, is drawing down consultancy and project management fees against the remaining money until it is all gone. It is licensed robbery as he is actually doing no work at all. With all his other problems the money will run out soon enough. One day he will get what's coming to him. He is going to need to surface sooner or later. I would love to know if he is still working closely with Microsoft. I agree that Kickstarter by not responding to us in these circumstances has allowed some creators to steal from sponsors like us. Can someone in New York contact the local news station? Maybe an investigative journalist can help us all. @Ralph Wiggum - Err no! Nobody is getting refunds peeps, stop getting your hopes up. Martin was only referring to the Funded Justice campaign he organised. On another note: 5 month milestone passed with no update! Can Chris Walker sink any lower? What if your card changed since backing? Will those just go through Amazon payments a a refund if that's how it was paid? so we're gonna get refunded the total amount we pledged? @Martin, thanks for trying. Walker will get his comeuppance somehow, sometime. For me, it's time to practice what I preach - just let it go. Can you further elaborate on the evidence of no funds left? Secret Labs hasn't shut down and declared bankruptcy yet right? (and don't get too excited folks - those are refunds from the Funded Justice campaign - NOT the Agent smartwatch) All refunds have been posted via the Stripe account that originally collected them. You may get an email - you should definitely see a refund in somewhere from days to a few weeks, depending on how your card processor does business. Howdy fellow losers. Sorry I haven't been on here lately - as I mentioned a couple times, I was going through a move from Europe to the US early this summer and got completely buried in that and just never made it up for air. I struck out with lawyers as well - the trouble seems to be that there's no evidence that there's any funds left for anyone to take this on speculation, and the paltry $2500 we collected (over half from myself and Roma) isn't going to get anyone to do anything of substance. I'm way beyond caring anymore. I will log onto Stripe this weekend and see if I can kick off refunds, since I'm also not interested in quibbling with anyone over the monies spent and frankly, calculating the remainder just isn't worth it. I will eat the FundedJustice and Stripe fees. After that ... Happy trails folks. How long will kickstarter leave this page up? Someone made a movie about a group that started a crowd source venture and walked away with the cash. It seems incredibly relevant at this point... <url>"No Compromise". Unless, of course you count light film guide, watch straps, watch case, project lead, shit for brains team, etc.... @Christopher... Don't forget the no comprise. I cant wait for this! Cant you all imagine how amazing this product is going to be. 3 years of development, its going to blow every other product out of the water! The next generation smartwatch with brand-new technology. World-class developer tools, unparalleled battery life, Qi wireless charging. hahahahhahahah @George i dont have the direct link bit if you take the time and scroll way down someone has in the past posted a link. It will be a task in itself but its out there. Tick tock tick tock 5 months and no updates - how is it possible that kickstarter allows these scammers. there has to be more we can do - i already sent letters to attorney general, fbi internet scam, bbb. not sure what else we can do. Damn you CHRIS! Have any of you backe this project Ticwatch 2 ?? <url>"Photoshop project" Chris Walker is a coward, cheater, scammer. 1 million is not much for one in NewYork. and his reputation is done. I backed another project which turns out also an scam. kickstarter protects these people. I will never never pay anything on this damn site. has anyone sussed out where he is and knocked on his door? Is he really still blaming Lawrence for all of this, as he develops new technology into an obsolete product? Well and truly into September with no update. Looks like it's five monthly updates now! This is symbolic of everything wrong with Kickstarter. Hey roma - you make a good point. The whole thing is a joke. Kickstarter has legalised theft. Im glad that chris has had to scurry away from new york and i wish him every misery and calamaity in the future. To me it is pretty clear that he is just living off the dwindling funds and charging it out at management or some such guff. Guess we will soon be able to work out how much he burns a month. Based on the history i think he will be down to the last 100k now. I wonder what happened to his "factory" and those dry air storage cabinets???? Still waiting!!! Kris, you nothing will not producing the watches. How about simple parser for Javascript? Time will tell... If only we had a watch to keep track of that time. @Ralph, yep, time will tell. Interval (in months) between updates starting in 2015: 1 .. 1 .. 1 .. 2 .. 2 .. 2 .. 3 .. 4 ..... I guess there's only so much shit to spew out. Four months since the last update! Can we actually start to see Chris move onto five month updates?!? Is he finally running out of shit to spew out? Time will tell! @Simon, ironic that if Walker delivered the Tesco watch we might have grounds to sue him (assuming we want to) because it's not as advertised. Yet if he delivers nothing but sporadic fantasy "progress" updates, he might be able to keep backers on the hook until we give up / get dementia / cark it. Apple Watch v2 announcement next week? Great news for walking scrotum Chris Walker. I have found a solution. I was visiting my local Tesco supermarket today - for American readers, Tesco is a bit like Walmart without the guns and ammo. Imagine my delight when I saw an offer for a "Smart Watch" for just 20 (about $30 dollars unless Trump is elected and then it will be about $80). This smart watch featured many many things to compete with The Worlds Smartest Vapourware (tm). Bluetooth. Check. Badly thought out Apps. Check. A Pedometer. Yes REALLY - a pedometer. The list was endless if you read really slowly. But wait it gets better. Whoever the Chinese boffins behind the watch were they managed to crack one of the biggest challenges for any smart watch developer. That's right, it has a watch strap. Clearly lots of money has been poured into the project to deliver a ingenious way to afix the watch to your person. Don't ask me how because my mind is litterally BLOWN. Now Chris has been spending our money on his NetDuino disaster and lawyers and a life style that even with a million bucks he couldn't maintain in NY. But we know he has some money left because he has kept this project going even though he has now gone to ground in Inbred, Ohio or wherever. I'm guessing that is nearly gone (coke habits don't pay for themselves) but $30 x 5,685 = $170,000. As we so often heard Chris is an AWESOME businessman and went to HK trade shows with our money so I'm pretty sure with his fabulous people skills combined with his business acumen he could get a discount as well. $100K all in seems a safe bet. What a fitting tribute to this Kickstarter - a piece of bug ridden,cheap and nasty chinese crap that doesn't really deliver, with "secret labs" printed on it. What do you say Chris? @Roma I couldn't care less about Chris Walker. At this point I consider @Kickstarter as much responsible of this situation as Chris Walker. The Nagging part is not for Chris, it's for @Kickstarter. So I take 5 minutes of my time every month to nag them and do a little Public shame as this the only recours we have. My only hope, is one of the big tech publisher pick it up and ask @Kickstarter what they will do about rogue project like this. Shame on Kickstarter, shame on @Creator <url> I'm only backing small cost KS projects to make other inventors happy.Let's pray that a barrel bomb drops from the sky so no more lies. BTW, I sent emails a couple of months ago to Scott Hanselman (long-time association with Walker <url>"Remember... keep nagging Kickstarter by filling this form <url>" Done. 4 months on, complete silence. I'm not sure what's worse, silence or irrelevant rubbish. At least irrelevant rubbish requires some effort on Walker's part. His disrespect for backers knows no bounds. So when is the next sack of lies you call an update coming? It's been 4 months since you last lied to us about how you stole our money you thriving piece of shit. @Martin Calsyn on April 6 (And lest anyone be confused - that's the FundedJustice funds that I will return May 1 - not Agent. I'm in the same boat as you wrt Agent) -- So it would appear those of us who pursued this via FundedJustice have lost money too in that Martin has gone dark. Karma baby...karma. @jeff +1 For fuck sake I am no more putting a single cent to any KS project. Chris Walker, fuck you. KS, fuck you too. I have written this off completely and now backed the ticwatch. At least that is an actual product that people have touched and used! What shit show this has turned out to be. Public is shame is the only we have left... Shame on Kickstarter, shame on @Creator <url>"screw backers 5.0". Unfortunately Kickstarter does not care. For that reason, I will pay full retail for any product that initiates here but will go to stores. I love the new pebble watch, but I will wait until it shows up in a store or I will order it directly from pebble. Lesson learned for all of us. We can thank the idiot dickhead, coward Chris Walker, for that. Great life lesson paying for someone's hobby and move back to Utah where the fat fuck escaped to hide. KICKSTARTER DO SOMETHING TO PROTECT THE BACKERS. TOO MANY SCAMMERS IN YOUR PLATFORM!!!!!!!!!! Maybe we'll hear some good news with the release of new Netduino Go. I imagine our funds were used-up to fund all of these sorry-ass Netduino projects. Looks like it's going to be 4-monthly updates now ladies and gentlemen! Maybe it's getting harder to write waffle updates? What? Do you want another look at this amazing Netduino sauce that has nothing to do with trying to either A) refund the money, or B) make this watch? No fake update? No watch bands, blaming vendors, or state of the art code that keeps getting modified instead of sticking to the promised deliverable? Are we moving to a four month update cycle? Come on, loser. At least keep your updates going so you can entertain the thousands of people you lied and stole money from. Alright people, join this slack group: <url>"team"? How about your nice vacation on Bahama with bag full of our money, had a good time? Are straps already finished? I would like to have one, it would be nice with Pebble Time 2. Respectfully, rrinmrrin PS. Be a man and quit this foolish. Admit your failure. Yup, it's nearly time for a new update. Remember how it used to be monthly? Then bi-monthly? Ahh, let's see what bullshit Chris Walker will spin our way. Wow - Hadn't checked into this campaign in a long time, I see nothing has changed and that they have given up even bothering to post updates. At this point it is kind of sad - there is nothing that they could deliver anymore that could compete with everything that has been released in the last year or two. AND I have no doubt the money is gone or hiding really really well... I funded this scam along with you. please send your experience good or bad, to <email> I will be talking about this project and kickstarter on a near future show, I will not reveal names or email addresses to protect your privacy. This offer is to kickstarter, the people that pledged this project and the secret labs / horology teams This is why I no longer will ever back a KickStarter campaign. This poor bastard stole our money. What a failure this has been, the guy is a fiasco. Martin... How is our funded justice thing going? Any hope we can get a publicity seeking lawyer on this? Perhaps a PI to hunt this dickhead down? Hey Coward...where's our half-hearted update on your shitty watch you lied about? I hope you're sleeping well knowing that you ripped off. What, exactly, is being made? Shitty software that you and your team of other guys named Chris Walker developed? You scum! Just end this, or yourself. Either one would be fabulous. @kevin. I think he will be talking about watch strap buckles. He hasn't mentioned that one yet It's almost time for the trimonthly "update" (last one was April 30th, so he's due to give us an "update" to make it look like this project is still active). I wonder what he'll make up this time. Time to contact the Attorney General and get our money back! "A backer of the infamously expansive space shooter Star Citizen has argued for, and won, a sizeable refund on his $2550 pledge to the game on the grounds that the product remains unfulfilled and no longer constitutes the product(s) I originally purchased. <url>"project manager". How about you sell the damn components for cheap and refund us accordingly? I'll accept a $100 or $150 refund, he'll even $75 is better than nothing. But I'm sure you bought yourself a nice mansion, car and wife (yes, bought a wife) with that kind of money. Anything left from it, Chris Wanker? @Martin Re:FundedJustice - any update on your end? Best, Trogdor @creator just send me the parts i paid for - i'll build the watch myself - or at least have a few spare paperweights. Fuck this project! This is a scam, they havent done anything. All they do is pretend to build a product but not actually execute it Like many this was my first KS experience. I couldn't really afford it at the time but found away. I am now so jaded about crowdfunding I got a watch now that does more than what your watch promised for $22 it's call a miband 2, just pack your bags and go home @creator I disagree with those not wanting further updates. As useless as they are, they must take some creating by this creator and, I hope, cost him money getting his legal eagle to carefully scan. Make the bastard sweat a little for our million dollars, I say! If AGENT is not related to any of theseApple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana, or Amazon's Alexa, Google's Assistant, don't bother to call it SmartWatch. Don't waste your or our time any more. We do not need any fake update.... Chris, you can stick your worthless (imaginary) watch up where the sun doesn't shine. I'm done even checking this page. We made another one-percenter in the US through a scam. Yep, that's the US we live in. No more fake update, please.... You (Chris) has taken our money, we expect you to be responsible... Do not waste and fool our time again !!! Refund, please? In accordance with the Kickstarter Terms of Agreement - I am requesting to have my money refunded. Sick of waiting for products that will never arrive. And if created will be already outdated and old in comparison with all the new watches. But what about the watch straps? Because no one has figured out how to make a decent watch strap in the last two hundred years of watchmaking......... It is my first and my last KS projekt I baked. Sorry KS you earn your money from us and have no risk and the user have to take the full risk? This baker will never never finalize this projekt he kid all, wrotes a twice updates but they say nothing. Lets me guess, in a few month he says all the money is consume for the engineering who was much expensiver he has etimate. KS we are talking about over 1.000.000 Dolar!!! And the baker lies makes with our money a good live. THANK YOU KS. @Dino. In uk your contract would be with the credit card company So when do we get the refund? Months and months ago about the refund and then no mention of scheduled details at all! Spoke to credit card company about this scam. Our contract is with Kickstarter who fulfilled their obligation by forwarding the funds to the creator, so there's no claim against them. I've basically pre-ordered my new Pebble through here, but once that's done, I'm outta here. Whole place is set up for fraudsters and the more they realise this is an easy and legal way to rip people off, the more they will. Pity it'll impact on genuine start ups like the next Pebble, people who bring innovation, but my advice to anyone would be to avoid Kickstarter until it gets its house in order. This was the last KS project I backed same. When is KS stepping in? They made quite a big sum of money of this too and they just let this happen. This was the last KS project I backed. I saw a new-design suitcase project up on Kickstarter. I was tempted to back it, but remembered the Agent debacle. This is Chris Walker's legacy. A failed KS project that has tainted the community's view on crowdfunding. Let's keep the pressure on CW! Please do the following if you have not already done so. We ALL should file complaints everywhere we can. Steps everyone should take: File a complaint with the FBI: (Federal Bureau of Investigation) <url>s consumer protection agency: <url>#crnt&panel1-1 Guide on FTC filing posted by William McKinney further below was really helpful, only took 5 minutes - <url>"Wow. In less than 10 hours, you made our dream of manufacturing the AGENT smartwatch a reality. " Three years later I would like to respond: Wow. Within little more than 3 years you fooled us in any imaginable way; your dream of getting away with 1 million bucks seems to be reality. But it only seems so: As you shattered our dreams and trust (in the project and especially in you as a person), a higher power will take its turn ... one day or another - think about all the 5.685 good and faithful souls you have fooled then. I think CW lets this go on because he probably will have to repay shipping costs if he forfeits the project. And since he has already used up all the cash to buy **** that is going to be a problem. Hopefully he has some kind involvment with KS and his company so the day he has to forfeit this project he also has to forfeit his entire company or pay us back shipping. Chris should deliver the Watch or close the shop, not fool us around with paper dream-up updates... We all made some guys rich. Scam So, at the end of the day is the bottom line that we are all fucked without any recourse? Simply, this product will never launch; we will not get our money back. Time to move on. I wonder how many year CW will keep up the bullshit May I lighten the mood around here? <url>"Oh hey. I backed this... wasn't that a bad idea? Quick let me use my Pebble Time 2 to make a note of that." And now I'm pledging for Pebble Time 2.. Hopefully to see your product soon.... Hey chris, can you just send me my share of the components and watchstraps, apparently stored somewhere in your basement? I might be able to actually do something useful with them or sell them on ebay. It's looking highly unlikely you will be able to make something resembling a watch at this point in time. A refund is probably impossible too, considering we don't even know where all the funds have ended up. So disappointed in this total failure and also in Kickstarter. Could I have my leather strap so I can use it with Pebble Time 2? ;) Let's keep the pressure on CW! Please do the following if you have not already done so. We ALL should file complaints everywhere we can. Steps everyone should take: File a complaint with the FBI: (Federal Bureau of Investigation) <url>s consumer protection agency: <url>#crnt&panel1-1 Guide on FTC filing posted by William McKinney further below was really helpful, only took 5 minutes - <url> what fuck with you what fuck with you <url>#1 here. Pretty sure this launched 3 years ago today. What a shame. I wonder if the Agent still has time to integrate that light guide film... -_- The bigger the scam, the less interest Kickstarter has in addressing it. Remember they pocketed over $50,000 from this project. That's the extent of Kickstarter's concern with projects - how much they can skim off the top. Another day, another story: <url>"Kickstarter said the matter under was investigation. "Anyone who abuses our system and the trust of our community exposes themselves to legal action," said its spokesman David Gallagher. "We're reaching out to the law enforcement officials who are already looking into this case, and will assist however we can."" Now, how do we get Kickstarter to wake up and look at this fraud? @HAL8999 I assume this is exactly what Chris has done with the money....but he hasn't been caught or stupid enough to admit that he has. Wish he would man up like this guy did. Such bullshit! I could do without the crap updates... All it does is remind me of the money wasted on this pipe-dream. To hell with people who scam others on scam enabler platforms, such as this! <url>"Sorry all, i f*cked up completely..." <url>rrinmrrin Secret Labs had registered address of 10 Downing St Apt 4x, NY from their trademark registrations. They recently put in a change of address for their trademark. <url>s consumer protection agency: <url>#crnt&panel1-1 Guide on FTC filing posted by William McKinney further below was really helpful, only took 5 minutes - <url>"Roma, original pledge, $214 Kevin, 9/11/2013, $199 John, 24/11/2013, $149 Dino, 28/1/2014, $164 Joe Minnella, 28/1/2014, $199 @Creator: Pompous, condescending, irrelevant fluff. This is NOT an Update for the project I backed. @Kickstarter Management: Are you people going to get off your bums and actually do something about this farce, considering you took a $50,000 fee? @Backers, keep an eye on the main Comments page. Fellow backer Martin Calsyn is trying to arrange legal action against Chris Walker. If you are sick of getting screwed by Walker get behind Martin and help him hold Walker accountable. What the f@ck Chris!.... Suck a fat one Chris! Cool BS story bro, Why don't you use existing tools to build your super complicated compiler. You must know about ANTLR right? And give up with the "teams", we know it's just you. Is this bullshit still going on? This project is dead on arrival before we even receive it. We could go buy an Android watch for cheaper than what we've pledged and it'll be far more advanced this this piece of junk. REFUND US YOU SCAMMER! Oh, and to summarize the update, Chris says F.U. to all backers with worthless nonsense! We ALL should all file complaints everywhere we can. Steps everyone should take: File a complaint with the FBI: (Federal Bureau of Investigation) <url>s consumer protection agency: <url>#crnt&panel1-1 Guide on FTC filing posted by William McKinney further below was really helpful, only took 5 minutes - <url>"service center" for a product that doesn't even exist... Now that sounds like an excuse to have him investigated for tax fraud. Refund. I'm done kickstarting thanks to you and ZANO. I would like to say "what a loser" but I am sure in his mind is saying "I am a winner with all this money I got for nothing." Chris if you had started this essay just a little bit sooner, you could have sent it on April 1st. Still a great early morning laugh. I'm surprised there's even an update. Fuck youIts my only word for you Fuck youIts my word for you Chris, please stop it. Its been more than enough bullshit by now. Our money is gone and you already have 5000+ followers all over the Word.... Lmao some of the comments on here are hilarious. I really don't know why this guy even bothers to sit down and write his essay long emails out! You've got our money, now just disappear like any other self respecting scam artist The line of source code "a = b + c;" would be broken down into "a", "=", "b", "+", "c", and ";". If we were parsing the English sentence, we would similarly break down "A equals B plus C." S = Y + $ Stress equals You Plus Money.. "Kickstarter is not a store, its shit but there is nothing illegal or morally wrong with failing to meet kickstarter deliverables." I think that people are not so much upset that it failed but that Chris continues to lie about it and pretend he hasn't failed yet. Some honesty would appease a lot of people. With every new update, everything about this situation makes less and less sense. The bs factor is increasing at an exponential rate and I feel it's all about to come to an end in some way very soon. The only logical conclusion: this has been a massive social experiment and the documentary about this story will be directed by Casey Affleck and star Joaqun Phoenix as Chris Walker. I am just as pissed off as everyone here, but with that said... Everyone asking for a refund is retarded, you are not entitled to anything by kickstarting something. You are a tiny venture capitalist, giving them money for the chance of getting a product. Kickstarter is not a store, its shit but there is nothing illegal or morally wrong with failing to meet kickstarter deliverables. It is a shitty outcome for everyone, but I cannot imagine this is how they wanted things to go either. So pointless even if I bought 6 pebbles it's even less of a waste of time then this watch, and frankly I want my money back And this is why I no longer support kickstarter or any one on it!!! Got the latest update. Frankly I don't see what the point is now. Real companies that know what they are doing have released products in this space. It's time to just admit defeat. Is a class action possible? Keep keeping that dream alive, baby. LMAOROTF update reads: "Hi Team...." No sir, I am not part of your team. Not part of this scam, Not part of this pathetic failure of a project. I am however an extremely frustrated backer who wants a refund and have asked for it many times. What bugs the heck out of me, is that I do not need a paper weight for my desk as I do run a mostly paperless business! The Agent is not even gonna be good for that simple task. I would love to get a refund, but I don't know why I'm even bothering to leave a comment. I want my money back! Now!! First ZANO, now this.... Ohw.... KS, please intervene. These guys are KILLING your platform/company..... Enjoy my money Chri$. Any news about the straps? ;) Chris... We are you? My favorite loser.... =D I'm pretty sure he's skipped town. There was a change of address submitted for the Secret Labs Trademark <url>s consumer protection agency: <url>#crnt&panel1-1 Guide on FTC filing posted by William McKinney further below was really helpful, only took 5 minutes - <url>"The Emperor's New Clothes" (Danish: Kejserens nye Klder) is a short tale by Hans Christian Andersen about two weavers who promise an emperor a new suit of clothes that is invisible to those who are unfit for their positions, stupid, or incompetent. When the Emperor parades before his subjects in his new clothes, no one dares to say that they don't see any suit of clothes until a child cries out, "But he isn't wearing anything at all!" The tale has been translated into over a hundred languages. I made a complaint to the BBB in New York. They said this was out of their scope, so they can't pursue Secret Labs any further, but if a pattern of these complaints were filed, they would possibly pursue them in that case. So please file a complaint with Secret Labs LLC on BBB New York. refund my money I would still love to see the robots (And lest anyone be confused - that's the FundedJustice funds that I will return May 1 - not Agent. I'm in the same boat as you wrt Agent) @Roma, yeah, I've been running around with my hair on fire (inside joke - I'm bald as a cue-ball). Yes, I got your message and have reached out to them. I can't publish everything I'm doing just yet, but there has been movement this week. More info to follow next week. If we can't make meaningful impact with the funds plus speculative/pro-bono help, then I will refund the funds on May 1. Hey at least some people got a cooler. Not one person has an Agent watch. And a cooler doesn't get obselete. @Daniel. Wow they raised a load of money on that one bet Chris must be envious Looks like one of Kickstarter's most successful campaigns is going down in flames: <url>s consumer protection agency: <url>#crnt&panel1-1 Guide on FTC filing posted by William McKinney further below was really helpful, only took 5 minutes - <url>105 got me. Refund my money Refund my money! Refund my money! Refund my money! Refund my money! @Ben There will be more updates for sure. Don't you want to hear CW blame HoH for all the parts expiring ? One thing that is a shame we will not get any more of his updates which were always creative in how he spewed out bullshit Steps everyone should take: File a complaint with the FBI: (Federal Bureau of Investigation) <url>s consumer protection agency: <url>#crnt&panel1-1 Guide on FTC filing posted by William McKinney further below was really helpful, only took 5 minutes - <url>s consumer protection agency: <url>#crnt&panel1-1 Guide on FTC filing posted by William McKinney further below was really helpful, only took 5 minutes - <url>"team" has decided whether to use real hexadecimal head screws for the band pin or use faux hex heads and a spring pin? @Siegfried - Unfortunately, there's not much more we can do to reach people, as Kickstarter is bound by its TOS/Privacy policy not to release email addrs to us and the only other fellow with that information is the creator. Lawrence, as a subcontractor, also never even had access to the information, so we're kind of at a dead end in terms of reaching people. They have to find us through this site, reddit, facebook, twitter, etc. So if you haven't done so yet - even if you can't or choose not to support the fundedjustice effort - please do share it out so that other backers can learn about it and make their own decisions too. @Michael W - I have reached out to that firm and will let folks know (through fundedjustice) what comes of it. @Roma, et al - Roma supported the effort to get this project moving through direct, positive engagement with the creator. I salute that because that's the correct first step. When that failed, I also tried direct positive engagement and even technical contributions to the project. Only after those efforts did it become completely clear to us both the level of ineptitude and disrespect for backers that was at work, and we have both sought to seek to compel action through other methods. Between Roma and I, we have contributed almost 50% of the funds in the fundedjustice campaign. That's unfortunate, but it won't deter me from engaging to bring this to some sort of conclusion that respects the money, good faith, and positive efforts that backers brought to the table. @Martin Calsyn, it has been so long since I checked this site that I was unaware you had a campaign. If there was some way to reach out to other backers. My biggest complaint is with Kickstarter for making money hand over foot on scam projects while giving backers the impression that successfully funded campaigns were required to deliver backer rewards. It has since changed its public website, but the damage continues. @Brandon, I have apologised more than once and will do it again. I am sorry. Also, I have contributed $500 to Martin's crowdfunding effort to take legal action against Chris Walker. Class action lawsuit filed!! @Martin - maybe we/you should be in contact with this firm? <url>"Gary (Kickstarter) Feb 6, 3:06 PM Hi Roma, Each message that we receive from backers is reviewed by a member of our team. I apologize if my response seemed "canned" in any way. However, our policies do remain constant, so our answers will be consistent. Here at Kickstarter, we expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if theyre unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creators ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases youll find that rewards are delivered as promised, its also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. I hope that this helps to address your concerns, but please dont hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. Best, Gary" Me: "FOR THE ATTENTION OF KICKSTARTER'S CEO I have written to Kickstarter twice about the Agent Smartwatch project. My messages included the following very clear and specific request. "I hereby request a full report from you, Kickstarter, as to what action you have taken to get this project done. Please, no general platitudes about "reaching out" to the creator or "Kickstarter is not a store". I request that you advise me, for each occasion you've contacted Chris Walker about backers' concerns: 1. When and how you made contact with him 2. What specifically you asked him to do 3. What his response was to you" In the Kickstarter staff replies (the first canned and the second a little less so) my questions were ignored. In the circumstances of the failure of a $1 million project I think my questions are reasonable. Please instruct your staff to answer my questions fully and properly. Thanking you in anticipation, Roma" I received this reply from Kickstarter: "Gary (Kickstarter) Feb 6, 1:15 PM Hi there, Thank you for following up with us about the status of this project. Im sorry youve been experiencing these issues with communication. We've reached out to the creator with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, and have forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so  it's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete the project as promised. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust and can help lead to the creation of new and exciting things. But its important to remember that sometimes complications arise that might prevent a project from unfolding as planned  or from happening at all. This certainly isnt ideal, but we hope that creators and backers will try to communicate with each other through these developments. Although we are unable to offer refunds, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and thank you for sharing your experience. We hope youll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow. Best, Gary" I sent this response: "FOR THE ATTENTION OF KICKSTARTER'S CEO I wrote to Kickstarter about the Agent Smartwatch project. I received a canned reply from Gary and it might just as well have been from a bot. Perhaps it was. My message included the following very clear and specific request: "I hereby request a full report from you, Kickstarter, as to what action you have taken to get this project done. Please, no general platitudes about "reaching out" to the creator or "Kickstarter is not a store". I request that you advise me, for each occasion you've contacted Chris Walker about backers' concerns: 1. When and how you made contact with him 2. What specifically you asked him to do 3. What his response was to you" My request was not met. Please instruct your staff to respond to my request fully and properly. Thanking you in anticipation, Roma" I'm not worried about the money. I understood the risk when I signed up. What I'm seriously angry about is a lack of oversight by the Kickstarter staff especially, considering the high dollar pledge commitments. At the least, Kickstarter should provide updates in lieu of the Creator when there is a lack of communication I have sent the following email to <email> "Hello. I backed the Agent Smartwatch project which is now over 2 years late without any indication of progress, let alone completion and delivery. Updates are few and far between and the last one is all about internal disputes within the so-called "team". There is no indication that the team is anyone other than Chris Walker of Secret Labs and every sign that he is out of his depth and uselessly burning (or perhaps fraudulently diverting) the $1 million we gave him. He hasn't logged into his Kickstarter project for over a month nor posted a single comment for almost 5 months. I hereby request a full report from you, Kickstarter, as to what action you have taken to get this project done. Please, no general platitudes about "reaching out" to the creator or "Kickstarter is not a store". I request that you advise me, for each occasion you've contacted Chris Walker about backers' concerns: 1. When and how you made contact with him 2. What specifically you asked him to do 3. What his response was to you I believe you owe the 5,685 backers of this project a detailed explanation of what Kickstarter has done to try to get the Agent Smartwatch delivered to us. After all, you made $50,000 in fees from our pledges. Please provide the above details by the end of this month. Regards, Roma" If anyone thinks it would help, please do likewise. It's pretty sad that we have no update that shows any progress or a road to the manufacturing of the Agent for over a year now. It's just been a bunch of bullshit. @Ben, you betcha! Speaking of the Kickstarter Dash project, it has everything that the Agent does NOT have. Honesty, integrity, communication, a real team, and now ... delivery. On top of that, creating and manufacturing Dash (unlike Agent) really is rocket science. @Creator, got those pushers sorted yet? What's the latest on the watch straps and I also want to know how far are we on the robots @Roma don't you wish there was an edit button? Sorry, wrong place. As an Oz backer, I'd like my Dash soon but am not banking on avoiding CNY-related delays. At least that might give Bragi time to release another firmware update and perhaps streamline the update process to be more reliable and efficient. I'm just a happy little vegemite trying my hardest to tell myself I've lived all these years without Dash so what's another month? Get a million dollars. Pay a man to make monthly (if that) updates. Live the good life. Fantastic business model to be fair. Yes please! Send us another 20 page email full of jargon to make it appear as though something is going on. Can we have our monthly update please CW ? The least you can do is make us laugh once a month. Nice to see this idiot is still stalling for his crap product...... @George Mack - I have direct contact with Chris via Twitter. He has messaged me in the past stating that the rewards store would be live in June for those of us who don't want his piece of crap watch. He doesn't respond to messages. I've also posted about Funded Justice on Twitter and tagged him as well has those companies that sell his products. This unfortunately is one thief that will get away. Help us hold Chris Walker Accountable <url>"the end"? Going by the recent update there will be no end - no watches, no money, nothing. Just more of the same. By launching a crowdfunded lawsuit against Chris Walker, we may well damage Chris Walker's professional credibility and help to improve the Kickstarter model because of the adverse publicity we could generate. They're my reasons for supporting Martin's initiative. @Martin, first I salute your initiative. Not that I don't believe in what you are doing, living in Canada, I'm not even sure I would be entitle to get any $ that could come out of this. Second, at the end, as someone mentioned, Chris Walker will only use the pile of $ we gave him to fight this and by it reducing the available amount at the end. He will still laugh at us. I still think we will get more results by getting public attention to the individual and to Kickstarter. The first one to make sure is short lived money grab will irrevocably cut him out of any technology project and the second (Kickstarter) to change its control process over projects. As much as I would like to get my money back, I also want to make sure Kickstarter stop ignoring the very people that make their business possible. @Martin - why not take over agentisdead ? We have a good list of names. One email today was perhaps relevant: "While I say that youve waited too Long to get to the tar and feather stage, please bear in mind that Chris will use whatever Money he has left against you, thus quite legally deprive you of any refund. I would not be too amazed if Chris lawyer friend will write an invoice with exactly the amount that Chris Walker has in liquidatable assests. And he will reimburse Chris once the lawsuit is done with." My belief is that Chris Walker has spent our money on trying to sue HoH so what is to stop him using our money against us? This is great, people are funding more than their original pledge to find out what happened to the money :) There is an NBC reporter in the Facebook group "Crowdfunding projects that never delivered" looking to interview someone that lives in Los Angeles @Tom - Unfortunately, no. I believe that information is only available to Kickstarter and the project creator. Though, once we get the legal process underway, that could change. But that does mean that for the fundedjustice effort, I don't have a way to reach out to anyone who doesn't visit here. That's why it is absolutely essential that you use the social networking icons on the fundedjustice link to share it out. Particularly to twitter and reddit, where we will reach a larger audience. Please reach out to media contacts you might have as well. There are more ways than just money that you can help out! <url>"I guess that around the beginning of 2015, Chris realized he would not be able to deliver this project" In fact it must have been much earlier than that. For reference here is an extract of a post I made on September 6th 2014 based on the figures he gave. It clearly demonstrates that he didn't have enough money (and the original target was hokum) "1) "Estimated certification costs: $75,000" - Your original KS target was 100,000 so how do you square that? $75K also seems on the high side as you will only need to get FCC approval on the bluetooth element (it isn't a phone) 3) On costs and using a rough production run of 5685 (must be more than that - likely 6000) you're up to $673K for the watch and $145K for the QI. Shipping $100K (based on $17.50 average). Cert $75K (?). HoH so far $60K. Plus $40K in design mould fees etc Based on the figures you've given us and based on exactly 5,685 (which you can't do) that comes to $1,093,000. As you say that excludes final moulds, engineering and management fee's. You have also said that your "team" are putting the cost of the watch higher so this appears best case scenario. My guess is that you have also been taking a fee out of the pot. So at best you appear to be $80K short. And that is best case scenario as I mentioned. Are your figures wrong or have you just announced the money has run out?" Questions that should be asked about the update: 1) Chris spend the update to discuss Sapphire hardness. Due to the cost I understand that Sapphire was out of budget anyway. So why does he spend the whole update discussing something that wasn't going to be used? 2) Let's assume that Lawrence or Winson Watches got the hardness of sapphire wrong. Was his information that he posted in the "update" communicated to the other parties in March 2014? If not it begs the question - why would a project manager who is clearly concerned about the hardness of a product that the project cannot afford not share it with key team members? 3) Looking back at posts March 2014 was around the time CW went incognito on Lawrence and the backers. He introduced Antony at this time. Why, if it was so important , didn't Antony follow this up? 4) Why has CW released an update on a item he freely admits in the update wasn't included in the spec when the project is so massively overdue? "Even though our project never promised sapphire lenses for watch rewards," 5) Why did he post this update on NYE 2015 instead of in April 2014? Just some thoughts..... The fundedjustice project has been submitted for review. It should open up for funding as soon as fj finishes their review. I will let you know here when you can start submitting pledges. Note that the 'ask questions' link doesn't seem to work like the comment stream here. Every question ends up as an FAQ item, which isn't always appropriate, so I have cleaned up the questions. I guess we can keep the rest of the correspondence here. @Douglas - I know what I feel we *should* get (and it's pretty much what you say), but I'm not a lawyer so our first step will be to get a lawyer that can advise us and get things rolling. @ Martin, I assume the end plan would be to recover both our pledges and the legal fees? This project is dead in the water. Chris knows it, we know it, and hell, even Kickstarter knows it. There isn't any more work done for this project, the only reason this project still exists and is not yet declared a failure by Chris Walker, is because it provides him a steady source of income each month. I guess Chris, as the official PM of this project, has assigned himself a nice salary each month from the remaining funds. Aside Chris (the Agent PM), no one is working on this project any more, and 'the team' he is talking about is just all smoke and mirrors. I guess that around the beginning of 2015, Chris realized he would not be able to deliver this project because of his lacking PM skills, various problems with the watch and the amount of time and money that was required for his Netduino side-business. If he admitted the failure at that time, he would be obliged to refund the backers with the remaining funds and he would lose his nice paycheck. So instead of cancelling the project, he decided to keep all the money for himself. This was a win/win situation, he could focus his attention on the Netduino project and still have a nice paycheck at the end of the month for fictional PM work for the Agent Smart Watch. He only needs to provide an update to the backers once and then, just to keep in line with the ToS of Kickstarter. The reason there are no real updates on timelines, delivery schedules and milestones in these updates is easy, it is because there is no information on that. Because there is no work done, there is no progress and there is nothing to report. This is why he fills them with meaningless information about various parts of the watch (watch straps, ipv6, Agent 2.0, components moisture sensitivity levels,...) The list is endless and it gives him an excuse to have provided a 'real' update to the backers. In 2015, when Chris decided the project is dead, but he would keep the money, the only thing that had to be taken care of was the sole money burning cost aside from himself, House of Horology. So he contacts a lawyer and cancels the contract with HoH around april 2015, based on some problems he had with them during the course of this project. None of these problems were substantial, but provided him a reason to terminate the contract and blame HoH for the delays and the 'unexpected road blocks'. So, his plan has succeeded, he can draw from the funds as he wishes and he only has to give the impression to everyone he is still working on the project. Because of the lack of project follow-up by Kickstarter he has nothing to fear from them. And because the backers are with many but spread around the globe, he has little chance of legal action against him neither. I do not know how much money is left, but I think it is still substantial and that these meaningless and these useless updates will continue on for several months/years until all remaining funds are depleted and Chris Walker can safely declare the project as failed. The question is, are we (the backers ) going to bend over and pray to God or do we seek some legal council to bring this fraud to justice? Well, if bovine droppings were the reward then I'd have to say we are still getting ripped off... However, a smartwatch is the reward - and one that had features that would have been unique were it delivered even a year late. But, now that we are around TWO YEARS LATE the sole unique feature that this reward will offer is CLOSURE. I'm in for funded justice! This man is a crook. Reported. I can't imagine that suing would result in much money, since he wasted the money on useless electronics for his unfinished design, and on the storage for it. Though if we can prove that he funnelled money from this company into his other company, that'd at least give us a chance to shut that down so he can rip off fewer people going forward. @Martin, great work. You have my suggestion via the fundedjustice.com page you created. I'm up for $500 as said there. The latest Kickstarter update was unprofessional and pathetic - treating us backers like complete idiots. Game on, Chris Walker! By the way - it is my intent that this will be an all-or-nothing campaign seeking $10K in 60 days. that's a pretty big number, but it's only around 50-75 hrs of lawyer-time. Feel free to argue it being an incremental vs all-or-nothing, or to argue for some other number - but please do so on the ASK QUESTION link on the fundedjustice site. Also, the funded justice site is really confusing regarding the campaign types. Some places they say the take money right away, and some places they say that for all-or-nothing, they take the money only on successful funding, so I'll do my best to set this up right, but I'm dealing with some confusing and contradictory info on that site. <url>"no compromise" specifications. Hmmm... This project was created to insult people's intelligence. I would say this one is a very successful one at that. But via indiegogo. I'm done with kickstarter :) Crowdsource project to Sue to Chris Walker for the money he stole. [2] I am double posting because idiots asking for the watch or a refund need to wake up and smell the coffee and either give up or get with the program. You will NEVER get a watch. Try reading the forum. You have been robbed by a fraud. A swindler. A con artist. Please stop asking for refunds. The money left distributed across all backers would like be less than $30 AT BEST based on my estimates of what this crook is likely to be drawing down/diverting into Netcrappo. This is based on the 2014 "update" that I demonstrated would mean the watch could never be delivered if Chris Walkers figures were correct. I don't think Netcrappo is doing that well because it has strong competition from Raspberry Pi et al (and they have much bigger development communities). Finally it is reported that Chris Walker has left NY and moved back to Utah. That doesn't smack of someone who has cash to burn. The idiot seems to be banking on suing HoH (that is all the update above is about even though it reads like a complete mentalist banging a keyboard). Thats all folks. You aint getting anything. If you feel annoyed at that then back Martyn below in bringing a class action suit against the bloated liar. Another fine example of a piece of shit...Chris Walker. Crowdsource project to Sue to Chris Walker for the money he stole. Give. Us. Our. Money. Back. You. Pathetic. Fraud. Chris walker is the worst project manager ever and this is proof he should be avoided in the business environment. He just proved Lawrence was trying to get work done in 2014 (sorry Lawrence this guy is deluded enough to still be blaming you). The only thing Chris Walker has told us here is that he is running out of money and since we have no proof off work on the watch, so the money must be going to his crappy netduino company. I have tried my best to suppress my rage on this complete bullfuck update, and write this mail to KS. I hope someone really gives a fuck on this, although the chance somewhere similar to the completion of this project. Hi KS, I think you have noticed about the project "Agent - The World's Smartest Watch" (<url>"Report this project to Kickstarter" and tell them what you think about the lies and deceptive behaviour of the Creator of this project. If you've reported this project already you can't click on the button again but you can email <email> about the Agent smartwatch project as many times as you like. Keep telling them how, two years late, there is no sign of this project ever reaching completion or delivering anything at all to any backer. Balls and a complete lack of respect for all 5.685 of us. This guy is a pathological liar and complete scumbag. Chris...if you've taken 1 year to digest Lawrence's material, you're either incompetent or out of your league here. Give it up already. Partial refunds for all of these poeple! Swallow your dumbass pride and move on already. You failed! Wow, just... wow. I'll give him this, he's got balls. He's seriously deluded, and a felon of the highest degree, but he's got some brass balls for posting that update. Here's what you can do NOW! From @George Mack and myself below... I am posting this on behalf of Josephine Gleeson who I met in the facebook group "Crowdfunding projects that never delivered" "Want your terrible Kickstarter experience told? A brand new Australian documentary is currently looking for stories about the darker side of Crowdfunding and would love to talk to you. The documentary is going to lift the lid on the rights of backers (or lack thereof) and what happens when projects fail. If you have a story please contact Josephine Gleeson via email. <email> " <url>s consumer protection agency: <url>"discussions" about the glass face was occurring in March - June 2014, Agent had already missed it's timeline release of December 2013. In the March 2014 update, you provided a revised timeline of a planned release in August 2014. In no way should you have been attempting to redesign/renegotiate any physical watch component when it was already over overdue, and so close to what is clearly a bullshit made up amended release date. Clearly whatever you had in mind to release to the public was nothing more than a figment of your imagination and given how nothing has gone right (straps, buttons, glass face, case...EVERYTHING) it shows you simply weren't prepared to bring anything into production. Keep these laughable updates coming Chris. You may think it placates Kickstarter's joke of a policy of 'accountability' and buy you more time. But each update is simply more evidence to the Courts of how you mismanaged this project and deceived investors. Please stop this joke. No more Kickstarter funding until this is fixed. Sorry Kickstarter, but you lost my trust. i understand your T&C, but you should fix this issue on ethical grounds. Personally I think the funniest thing is that this glass "issue" occurred in March 2014... And it's now officially 2016, almost 2 full years later. If this idiot had any commonsense at all he'd make partial refunds available to shut us up and stop all of the pending legal action. Chris, We all know your team is composed of you and your imaginary friends in your cloudy head. Stop blaming everyone and for once take a hard look in the mirror. Quel imbcile! Take a cue from stand-ups: 1) What did you do since the last update? 2) What will you do between now until the next update? 3) What's in your way? That's all I care about! That's probably all most people care about at this point. This update was almost entirely a blame dump on HoH. NO ONE CARES. Most people aren't buying it, even if it's true. They just want to know WHAT YOU DID, WHAT YOU'RE DOING, WHAT'S IN THE WAY. Ho-lee shit, dude! No one cares about paragraph filler explaining glass hardness or charts and graphs or transcripts! You "don't want to dwell on this negativity" but then you do for 90% of the update! The actual *UPDATE* part of the update? "We have some design issues still. We fixed one of them." As I joined to this campain I thought this could be a nice Christmas gift to me. But in the meantime Christmas was gone for three times. Do you really think that I still want have this watch? Refund the money in order to help me that in case I will really receive the watch maybe next Christmas to avoid to create another rubish. Joke. Because of this and the zano drone debacle I won't participate in Kickstarter projects again Let's fucking sue this wanker. This is hilarious! Face it Chris, you lost your credibility already quite some while ago. The more you accuse others and prolong the dying of this project, the more the backers are willing to offer additional budget for legal actions. We all know that we are already in a financial win (you) - lose (us) situation. All we can do is to turn it to a lose - lose situation. The point is: each of us will lose some, you will lose big, which might ruin you also financially (as I said, your credibility is already ruined) . So refund asap! A very happy new year to all my fellow victims, sorry, 'backers'! :-) I see the surrealist comedy that is 'Agent Watch' continues to rumble slowly down the slopes of Mt. Despair, and prompts a wry smile when a so-called update lands in my inbox. Meanwhile my new Microsoft Band 2 will help ensure I remain considerably fitter and slimmer than the "Not-so-Little Project Mangler Who Couldn't".  Bientt! Chris Walker is clearly mentally unstable. To me the update is more about his ambition to sue HoH than anything else. The man is utter scum and beneath contempt. Words. Lots of words. The vast majority of those words seem dedicated to deflecting responsibility and blame. So much effort and text dedicated to proving it is not his fault - so little evidence of any effort to satisfy his responsibility to us. If you delivered the watch today in a balsa-wood case with a cloudy plastic lens, at least you would have delivered something. But even in a platinum case with diamond lens, it will be less advanced and more expensive that most of the MediaTek-based watches I can get today on Alibaba. The project now is not about delivering a watch that has become technically irrelevant. It is about taking personal responsibility for commitments and delivering the best available outcome for backers in the very immediate near future. In any competently managed, responsible, results-oriented effort, where the buck stops with the project manager, we would be reading words whose purpose served the backers, and not the creator's future legal defense. Absolute joke, it's just a long ass email every 6 months waffling on about more and more problems that have occurred. I don't understand why this guy is so deluded in thinking he's still going to build these watches after squandering all a majority of the funds. I asked for a refund about a year and a half ago and just received some crap about how I couldn't get my money back but they would sell the watch on my behalf and refund me then, well good knows when that'll be. Definitely a project to go up there with the most failed! Incredibly poorly managed! Even if we did get this product it'd be out of date with everything else on the market. I could have bought a moto 360 for what I've dropped on this. Oh and does anybody remember the audacity of when he requested more funds for the agent 2.0 watch? Yeah that's right I haven't completed my originally promised product from 3 years ago but give me more and I'll string you along for another 3 years. No thanks. Money back please! If anything that last update may indicate CW may be under pressure and feels he needs to post an elaborate update with charts etc to prove he is still working on it What about the straps and the push buttons. Worst project at its best.. What a joke. This is exactly the reason I've stopped backing all Kickstarter projects. It's people like this, who literally couldn't manage their way out if a paper bag, that give the concept of crowd funding a very bad name. Wow at least he is admitting something is wrong but an essay and included mp3s blaming someone else doesn't help the issue. Cool so the glass you wanted to use isn't happening and not what you wanted but that's not all the watch needs... Is But that's it? It's been like three months since an update and this is all about lack of sapphire. What is going on with the rest of the watch? Have the rest of the components expired? Are the internals sorted and ready to go. Have they worked out the stitching issues on the watch bands OMG Surely 30 months after successful funding this level of issue should have been resolved, really I though Kickstarter was to raise the funds to turn a prototype into production. Not develop said prototype. But hey at this point updates are only costing me $6.66 a month to subscribe to this awesomeness. The comments alone are worthy of that amount. I'm cancelling my Netflix subscription to "agent watch and chill" Remember guys that with the hilarity of this comedy It's actually more cost effective the longer it goes; monthly updates are getting cheaper. And these comments are amazeballs. ok, lets see if I can summarize this: 1] We can't even get past building a damn watch case. 2] No sapphire - back to shitty glass. 3] We tried for perfection and blew most of the budget so now we'll settle for shitty. 4] We'll blow the rest of the money trying to finish this -- unsubscribe if you don't like it. 5] Nothing is my fault - it's all somebody else's fault -- but hey, we love them anyway. 6] I like to use the word 'super' a lot. Did I get it all? What a fucking ****. Man up and accept responsibility for this colossal mess. Wow Nice touch including the audio clip CW. We could contact all netduino resellers and ask them to boycott? For any other US residents, Please feel free to file a complaint with the FBI's Internet Crime Complaint Center at www.ic3.gov. Just keep in mind that this is the FBI so you're essentially filing a police report. Refund please! This is the message I got almost 2 years ago when asking for a refund/order cancellation. Seems like I'm not the only one! Bunch of BS! --------- Thank you very much for your e-mail. Kickstarter is a place for like-minded individuals to come together, pooling our resources to make awesome creative projects (and products) possible. Kickstarter is not a store, and there are no orders (or order cancellations/returns, refunds for returns, etc.) like those you'd experience in a traditional sales environment. Our creative project offered backers the option of selecting an AGENT Smartwatch (or watch + charger) as their reward for supporting the project. The road to production had some schedule risks as discussed on the project page; we tried to avoid most or all of those risks--but a few of the challenges slowed us down a bit. We're pushing hard to get past the last few milestones now on the road to production, and we look forward to getting an AGENT Smartwatch onto your wrist as soon as possible. We'll keep you apprised, once or twice each month, of the project status via our regular Kickstarter Updates on the Updates page. In the meantime, we understand that some backers have lost a loved one who they intended to gift their reward to. Or they have run into unforeseen circumstances. We understand that life circumstances change, and we're help for you. If you would like us to help facilitate the sale of your reward once it's off the production line, we will be happy to help. We have a large, growing list of reservations. Thank you so much for supporting our project. We can't express enough how much your help means to us, to see AGENT become a reality. Please stay tuned as we get your reward ready for shipment; we have a few happy surprises in store yet as well. Thank you so much for your support, Chris Thanks Michael. I'll repost I am posting this on behalf of Josephine Gleeson who I met in the facebook group "Crowdfunding projects that never delivered" "Want your terrible Kickstarter experience told? A brand new Australian documentary is currently looking for stories about the darker side of Crowdfunding and would love to talk to you. The documentary is going to lift the lid on the rights of backers (or lack thereof) and what happens when projects fail. If you have a story please contact Josephine Gleeson via email. <email> " I just noticed @George Mack posted Josephine's email address below. Please contact her and help us all. Hey guys, here's a great opportunity to get some press on this failure. There is a group making a documentary about failed Kickstarter projects. They are looking for people to tell their story. PLEASE go do this! Go to Facebook and find Josephine Gleeson. She has also commented on the FB page called "Crowdfunding Projects that never delivered".they are doing this now so don't wait. Please go and try to help get CW and his fraudulent activity in the spotlight. Thanks! I'm in for US200$. @Frank we need to try to get the news to cover the story of crowdfunded legal campaign against a kickstarter any real updates? I'm in for 50$! He probably "forgot" to pay the license renewal fee. I wonder how much that cost us Agent backers. Hard to spot when posted to Miscellaneous Expenses. Bad news... Netduino forums are back online. *Christmas X 12 ! On the 1st day of Chrismas my true love said to me - get a smartwatch from next century. On the 2nd day of Chrismas my true love said to me - get battery sipping tech, in a smartwatch from next century. On the 3rd day of Chrismas my true love said to me - get Qi charger, battery sipping tech, in a smartwatch from next century. On the 4th day of Chrismas my true love said to me - get light guide film, Qi charger, battery sipping tech, in a smartwatch from next century. On the 5th day of Chrismas my true love said to me - get December shipping, light guide film, Qi charger, battery sipping tech, in a smartwatch from next century. On the 6th day of Chrismas my true love said to me - get watchcase ceramic, December shipping, light guide film, Qi charger, battery sipping tech, in a smartwatch from next century. On the 7th day of Chrismas my true love said to me - get all pushers pushing, watchcase ceramic, December shipping, light guide film, Qi charger, battery sipping tech, in a smartwatch from next century. On the 8th day of Chrismas my true love said to me - get watchstraps a-strapping, all pushers pushing, watchcase ceramic, December shipping, light guide film, Qi charger, battery sipping tech, in a smartwatch from next century. On the 9th day of Chrismas my true love said to me - get factory outfitting, watchstraps a-strapping, all pushers pushing, watchcase ceramic, December shipping, light guide film, Qi charger, battery sipping tech, in a smartwatch from next century. On the 10th day of Chrismas my true love said to me - get cabinet a-drying, factory outfitting, watchstraps a-strapping, all pushers pushing, watchcase ceramic, December shipping, light guide film, Qi charger, battery sipping tech, in a smartwatch from next century. On the 11th day of Chrismas my true love said to me - get parties a-fighting, cabinet a-drying, factory outfitting, watchstraps a-strapping, all pushers pushing, watchcase ceramic, December shipping, light guide film, Qi charger, battery sipping tech, in a smartwatch from next century. On the 12th day of Chrismas my true love said to me - sue the bastard! Merry Christmas! In for a few hundred if there is a descent plan for at least a lawyer to evaluate this...not sure there is anything to win here. Dude likely won't face jail time...but I'm in to find out... I'm in for a couple of hundred dollars. I have the email list from agent is dead as well. The reality is that only a minority of backers will be up for this so those of us who REALLY want justice served will have to dig pretty deep. Good idea to demand a backers' list from Kickstarter if/when we get that right. I think we should go a step further and invite Kickstarter to contribute some money towards our action. Given the pressure they're under about non-fulfillment (Zano and others) they just might come to the party. @Martin, happy to pledge 50$ to bring this scumbag to court. I agree that first we need to get a complete list of all the backers from kickstarter. If everybody just pledges 10$, we have enough funds to get this thing going... Martin, when a lawyer opens a suit. Especially if you can get 75 or more people to represent, the lawyer can request the full buyer list from kickstarter. I'm in for something on this. I just want the guy to be found misappropriating funds. @Martin I will pledge US$100. The problem will be to reach as many backers as possible. Probably most backers have given up and do not check this site any more. Ok - give me a few days to get a couple questions answered by a lawyer and set up the campaign. I will announce the campaign link here, then we need to not only pledge, but to re-engage with other backers who may have wandered off. @Martin I will also be pledging. You are a gentleman and a scholar sir. I'm in for $50. I'm willing to chip in another $US100 to see Chris Walker brought to account. Merry Christmas ****! @Martin, I like your idea and will kick in $US500. Am happy to pledge that in the way you propose or to simply send it to you by PayPal now to help with your own costs to set up this thing. If it doesn't work then at least we'll have tried. You have an email message from me. @Simon - you are absolutely right, I would need to articulate that as part of the funding pitch, but the exact wording of any action needs the help of a lawyer. To me, the goal is to follow the money and liquidate any remaining assets, pursue any fraud and advocate for criminal prosecution where possible, gain as much refund for backers as possible and beyond that, to obtain any and all punitive damages allowable under the law. How realistic that is and how it gets structured depends on consultations with a competent lawyer. Lawyers, conservatively, cost 100-300 USD per hour and what I will do is spend some of my own money up front on consultations so that the campaign is well laid out with reasonable goals and the maximum possible benefit to backers and sternest possible lesson to defendant. I am open to other ideas. I really have no time to do this, but I have even less tolerance for being taken. There are 5,685 of us who not only got taken, hook line and sinker, but who had to tolerate months of the creator feeding us meaningless, self-serving updates, piling insult on top of injury. We just need one of us to put together a credible framework for satisfaction and then we will find out how many of the other 5,684 are willing to stand up against this. It may fall flat, but if it does, unlike this campaign, it will do so transparently and with a full accounting, and I will refund what's left to the backers of the legal action. Martin I like the idea but I think we need a bit of meat on the bones first. For example what is the exact intention of the case? Also I am happy to send across all the login details for <email> as I fear that this forum and route of communication may soon be dead along with all the comments. Note : the fundedjustice campaign will use paypal and will be open to backers (and frankly, anyone) around the world to contribute to the costs of initiating legal action against the creator of this project. A contribution to the campaign will not make you a party to the legal case, though. We will need the lawyer to help us figure out how we each become plaintiffs based on our individual circumstances. Class action? Joinder? Something else? This looks promising : <url>"factory" from update #23 is located? Anyone want to bet it's also in in UT? Probably at the same address he is now at? Also, I'm not a construction expert but can anyone comment on the rough outs in this picture from update #23 <url>#24 so hard to say. I can't really imagine a use for plumbing in an electronics "factory" Well said Roma. I in 10 projects falling is a shocker and sounds like systematic failure to me. Having said that, I believe most creators give a genuine and good faith effort to complete the project, whereas CW clearly have up very early on this one and was just stringing us along whilst he used our cash for other purposes. The lack of response from kickstarter to this situation was shocking. I recognise that they have no legal responsibility for the failure, but (so far as I am aware), they haven't even banned CW from using kickstarter for new projects. I see Kickstarter has hired an investigator to check out the $3m UK Zano Drone project failure. Seems if it's only a $1m US failure it doesn't rate. On another front, KS commissioned an "independent" study by the University of Pennsylvania on project fulfillment by creators. <url>"It is important to realize that these results apply only to Kickstarter, and other crowdfunding methods (such as equity crowdfunding) and platforms that have different policies or approaches may have higher failure rates." Wouldn't an independent study have said "... may have higher OR LOWER failure rates"? As for their claim that a 1 in 10 project failure rate does not represent systematic failure of KS projects, what the bloody hell does? @jeff Although disappointed that I won't get to meet Chris in NY I am happy to chip in to pay to track the fraudster. Will pay to paypal or whatever This user's account has been deleted. Hi Daniel. Three's a crowd? Yeah the netduino forum is down but you can still pre-order Agent from here <url>"Crowdfunding projects that never delivered" "Want your terrible Kickstarter experience told? A brand new Australian documentary is currently looking for stories about the darker side of Crowdfunding and would love to talk to you. The documentary is going to lift the lid on the rights of backers (or lack thereof) and what happens when projects fail. If you have a story please contact Josephine Gleeson via email. <email> " @Ben A - thanks for at least making the effort to hold ChrisHole accountable! I suspect he cares as little about his company credit rating as he does about his projects, but at least have satisfaction knowing that your judgement will follow him around for the next 7 years. Just a shame it's not him personally I guess. Just a note: This has been a long and frustrating journey and some of us have posted a fair bit as a result. If you want to save your posts for posterity then now is the time to do it. This project is going to get canned very soon by the looks of things. In September 2014 I estimated that about $600K was left (following a break down of the figures that Chris Walker gave). I believe this will now almost certainly be down to less than $100K. I believe that this money has in effect been stolen but due to the total lack of accountability Kickstarter demands we will likely never know. Either way with Walker disappearing to spend some quality time with his ego I would be inclined to save whatever posts you want. Where's Wally? The forums are down for me too Is it me or are the netcrappo forums down? Darn spell check. Was told = asshole Yep, we've been had people. It was clear to some of us at month 3 this was going nowhere. Coward Walker had a posse of Netduino and Microsofties that backed any decenting opinions. I predict shortly he will announce to all of us he failed and has no money left. I hope this was told never gets another penny from anyone for the rest of his life. He deserves to be permanently unemployed...forever. No integrity, no sense, but a lot of foolish pride. Dick! I want a refund. I didn't sign up to support some 2 year tech R&D exercise, it was for a watch that was supposedly almost ready to go into full production. Pebble is already onto their third watch, Apple watch, numerous Android watches... and still this hasn't emerged. Not a bad way to scam money - score a million bucks and all you have to do is make a blog post every month or two for a couple of years. @Ponjos: You're still asking yourself that question? Really? I think it is crystal clear at this moment that Chris Walker walked (no pun intended) away with a million bucks without delivering any of his promises (smartwatch, QI charger, watch OS,...). I'm even considering that this was his plan from the beginning and that this was all a scam from day 1. Anyway, the scumbag seems to have fallen from the face of the earth and is probably taking a long extended holiday with our money... So, did we get ripped off or what? This turns out to be a game of "Were is Wally?". Lets hope he's not sleeping with the fishes in the Hudson river... @ Ben Abrams, Did you consider having the court issue an information subpoena to Kickstarter? That way you could figure out how they sent the money to CW and possibly recover it. I think CW managed to get the push buttons to fit nicely onto Netduino 3, and Netduino 3 wifi, boards. Had to pay rent, utilities, etc... any update on the push buttons? Many congrats to @BenA on the win. Maybe a hollow victory but is still a black mark on a the fat shyster. Speaking of which I notice he has given up with updates on watch straps. In fact he has also given up on the Netcrappo forums. Let's hope his world is collapsing around him. He deserves it. Meanwhile - plane tickets get booked this week. @ Ben, did they not allow you to also sue for the court fees, tolls, and time away from work or was that hindsight? How will the sherif collect the funds? Find him and beat the money out of him (I wish), or find him then what? @Ben Abrams Congrats on the win. Wish I knew how to even proceed on such a task. I'd likely spend the money too just to make the point and take ChrisW down a notch. @Steven Farnell I wouldn't lose any sleep over this. They haven't even got the watch straps I have to be honest. 2 1/2 years ago, when I backed this project, this watch looked very appealing; however, after spending the past year with Android Wear, I find it hard to imagine going to this device. While the novelty of a new smart watch OS could provide for increased competition, I question if this product is just too late to market to succeed. I find myself torn between Apple and Android development, and it's hard to imagine I would wear this, none the less invest in writing software for it. How are you going to create a market for this watch? Why should I write software for it? Sell the idea to me now that you are competing with Android, Apple, Samsung, Microsoft, and Pebble. I think CW's character is finally surfacing amongst the netduino crowd So it seems Mouser had been expecting a shipment of 49 Netduino3 Wifi on 11/29 and the order hasn't shown up.... Read into that how you wish. Congrats Ben! Well done! If you break even by going through the additional steps you mention, I say it's well worth it for the satisfaction of squeezing any amount from CW. NOW, if Ben was successful, who will be the next to do the same thing. Imagine if CW has numerous judgements against him? The courts might look at him differently! <url># maybe). It would be cool to see some pics about bluetooth modules in factory-sealed moisture barrier bag. Are they still ok? And remember to thank us for our support and patience. @Andrew. I used ones where people were stating about rip off, where's my watch etc @James if you're referring to House of Horology then no. HoH/Lawrence was approached by Chris Walker to implement the watch case but Chris has been incompetent in managing the project and failed to communicate with Lawrence. As a result Lawrence's business has sadly been tarnished by its association with this joke of a project. Money probably has been skimmed from Agent, into Chris' other 'business' Netdungo, sorry, Netduino. Funnily enough, he hasn't logged into the Netduino forums for nearly a month either. @Ben just raised a dispute with Barclay card, just wondered which comments in particular you sent? Many thanks Andy I assume they used this money to launch their other watch business which you can buy watches from or at least funneled it into it. Anyone have any info? I assume they used this money to launch their other watch business which you can buy watches from or at least funneled it into it. Anyone have any info? Let's just be honest and update the front page here. <url>"I'm an asshole" charity, Kickstarter should donate some money too... Albeit, to a better cause. So, I just asked Kickstarter to donate their cut of this project to charity. While I'd love for Kickstarter to somehow refund us our pledges, we all know that ain't happening. And, I couldn't care less about getting some small fraction of my original pledge that Kickstarter pocketed (that 5 - 10% or $50k-$100k number I saw someone mention). So ya, charity. I figure since we gave our $250 to the CW "I'm an asshole" charity, Kickstarter should donate some money too... Albeit, to a better cause. I feel so cheated by this creators lack of honest disclosure I will never fund another Kickstarter project. *"some of us" @Roma - LOL @Dominic - some of just come here for the comedy that this has become! I'm really surprised by how active this community still is :0 I gave up any hope on this project about one year ago... I put these 250$ on the list of "bad luck" investitions... When was the last time Chris answered here in the comments? @Andrew. I also took screen dumps of comments here which reinforces your case. I also detailed the timeline what has not happened what I expected to happen. My charge back was with Nat west @Ben Baskaran I just wanted to know what information you had to send to your credit card to support your charge back. I think I paid with a Barclay card but will have to dig through my receipts its been sooooo long. @Michael, you got it in one. Could AGENT be the 21st century Holy Grail? ... [The knights look onward as Sir Lancelot steps forward to the Bridge keeper from Scene 24] Bridgekeeper: Stop. Who would cross the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, ere the other side he see. Sir Lancelot: Ask me the questions, bridgekeeper. I am not afraid. Bridgekeeper: What... is your name? Sir Lancelot: My name is Sir Lancelot of Camelot. Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest? Sir Lancelot: To seek the Holy Grail. Bridgekeeper: What... is your favourite colour? Sir Lancelot: Blue. Bridgekeeper: Right. Off you go. Sir Lancelot: Oh, thank you. Thank you very much. [Crosses the bridge] Sir Robin: That's easy! [The other knights rush to the bridge keeper] Bridgekeeper: Stop. Who approacheth the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, ere the other side he see. Sir Robin: Ask me the questions, bridgekeeper. I'm not afraid. Bridgekeeper: What... is your name? Sir Robin: Sir Robin of Camelot. Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest? Sir Robin: To seek the Holy Grail. Bridgekeeper: What... is the capital of Assyria? [pause] Sir Robin: I don't know that. [he is thrown over the edge into the ravine by an unseen force] AUUUUUUUUGGGH! [Galahad prepares to cross, and the Bridgekeeper stops him] Bridgekeeper: Stop. What... is your name? Sir Galahad: Sir Galahad of Camelot. Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest? Galahad: I seek the Grail. Bridgekeeper: What... is your favourite colour? Sir Galahad: Blue-no! [he is also thrown over the edge] YEELLLLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWW! Bridgekeeper: [Chuckling at Galahad's demise, then turns to Arthur] Stop. What... is your name? King Arthur: It is 'Arthur', King of the Britons. Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest? King Arthur: To seek the Holy Grail. Bridgekeeper: What... is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow? King Arthur: What do you mean? An African or a European swallow? Bridgekeeper: Huh? I... I don't know that. [he is thrown over by his own spell] AUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGHHH!! Sir Bedevere: How do you know so much about swallows? King Arthur: Well, you have to know these things when you're a king, you know. [Arthur and Bedevere begin to cross the bridge] @Roma - and he should also tell him "his mother was a hamster and his father smelt of elderberries. lol ...sorry, couldn't resist! "The Phantom of the Opera is there - inside your mind" @Ben, yes, thanks for persevering and good luck to you. I wonder if the Phantom will turn up. I hope a judgment is entered against him and goes on his record. If he does turn up, please fart in his general direction. @Ben Abrams - Good luck my friend!! Your efforts are appreciated by all of us who have been screwed by CW. With your success, it is my belief that small claims will be our best recourse. Imagine his life if he had 20, 30 or more pending small claims actions against him! Since Kickstarter took a fee, can't the backers sue Kickstarter for damages? @Michael W, that would be me, I have a NYC court date of Dec 10 and will of course keep everyone updated. I am now getting ready! Could very well be - that's at least as good a guess as mine. BTW, Martin, one of your co-workers explained the "all the fish" comment on Netduino Community broad. He said something like it was a great conference and now everyone should go fishing. So Chris Walker responded thanks for the fish. Just clarifying the situation. (Gosh I wish you could edit comments) What I meant to say, is that I'd be surprised if he (or anyone) would run away from a full bank account. If no one shows up in small claims court and you get a default judgement, you still have the challenge of collecting (which can be hard under the best of circumstances). I'd be surprised if our friendly neighborhood project manager has truly done a runner, I doubt that he has run away from a full bank account, so when you do find him, you may find there's nothing left but a dust mark where our funds used to be. That's all speculation on my part (which is about all any of us have left), but I will be very interested to hear about the small claims judgement, if nothing else other than out of morbid curiosity. My first comment here and all I will say is that this project made me stay away from backing ANY more projects after I see how easy it is to rig people and Kickstarter's unwillingness to do anything about this. Lesson learned; costed me $200 but I have to just part with it. (off topic but I just got a new watch ERA-300DB, not a smart watch but so sexy! I don't want Agent anymore; they missed their market) When CW isn't even supporting the Netduino 'favoured child' which I highly suspect our Agent money has been funneled into, you know the shit's about to hit the fan. I would bet Chris Walker doesn't show up for small claims court. @Roma - nice idea but not worth the time it would take. Kickstarter don't care about projects that fail to deliver. KS take their 5%-10% cut (I believe they skim both off of the total funding for a project, and then get a further skim by forcing everyone to use Amazon Payments), and then their interest ends. Each revision of their terms of service makes them less and less accountable also. They want all of the rewards with none of the risks. This project would have netted them roughly $50-$100K. If I'm interested in a project on Kickstarter now, I just make a $1 pledge. Then if the project is successful I can choose to increase my pledge via the pledge manager/backerkit/etc to get what I want. This way KS isn't getting more than a few cents out of me. This doesn't work for all projects, as not all have a mechanism for increasing pledges/adding items once the KS funding period is up, but I'd rather miss the odd project than support KS any longer. I've backed hundreds of projects over the last few years, and the vast majority have come through with the promised rewards, but there have been some notable exceptions such as the Agent debacle. And for each and every project that has failed to deliver, Kickstarter has done precisely nothing to help backers. They simply don't care, and so I now hold them in the same contempt they have for us ;-) I contacted legal pools in Texas, Chicago and Seattle, but frankly I now believe that contacting any legal pool is a dead end. We just don't seem to fit their model. They want fee payers or deep class action pockets. I would strongly suggest reaching out to lawyer friends first to get guidance on how to proceed (class action vs joinders vs ???). My approach was a dead end. And again, if we do find someone willing to engage, I will happily pitch in. Martin, could you tell me whom you contacted, so I wouldn't be asking the same firms? One of the backers here has a small claims court date in the next week or so. CAN'T WAIT to see the outcome of that!! @Andrew, typical Kickstarter response. Every word would have been checked by their lawyers. Maybe write back to them: Hi Travis, Words, words, words. Is there anything you plan to actually DO about this project? Would you like to join us in a class action against Chris Walker? Maybe pay for it? After all, he has damaged Kickstarter's reputation along the way of this million dollar farce. Even better than Best, Andrew It does seem that he has finally done a runner for sure. The Netduino contact page was changed around the time of his "thanks for all the fish" posting (according to the internet archive 'wayback machine'), and he seems to have well and truly gone underground. On the legal front, I did talk to a number of lawyers about taking on this case 'on speculation' (e.g., fee recovery upon a win), but haven't gotten any takers. Class action folks seem to be in it for bigger bucks and surer wins. That doesn't mean that no one will take it on speculation - I just haven't happened on the right lawyer, and now I am outside the US again so it is harder for me to do the work required to do the search. If any of you have lawyer friends, now would be the time to hit them up - at least for some guidance. If someone does get something real started with a lawyer, I will contribute generously to the fees, but it's just not reasonable for me to commit to taking the time to engage a lawyer. There is no way to hide in today's age. A simple skiptrace will find him. I'm honestly think Walker has skipped town... The Netduino contact page has been purged of all contact information and he hasn't logged in since Nov 12th. This is the reply I got from Kickstarter: Hi Andrew, Travis here with Kickstarter support--thanks for updating me about this situation, and Im sorry to hear that this has not been a better experience for you and other backers of this watch project. I can assure you that we've reached out to this creator in the past to remind them of their obligations, as well as our expectations regarding communication. I'm sorry they haven't yet responded to you and other members of their backer community. In the meantime, if you feel as though this creator has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, wed appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback form. We'll be sure to take your experience into consideration as we evaluate the policies and procedures that we have in place. Thanks again for your cooperation and for being an active member of the Kickstarter community. Best, Travis Please everyone report this project, remember we are stronger the more numbers of people we have reporting this failed/scam project. <url>"I backed this product on kickstarter two years ago. and it supposed to deliver to me at "Jan 2014". I still didn't receive it, and I am afraid I will never receive it. I am aware of the risk of backing product on kickstarter. But I am not okay being cheated. I think there should be some investigation on the company "Secret Labs LLC". they are still telling people they are making the project, while everybody thinks they are lying. they took 1 million dollars away from this project and deliver nothing but lies. " This needs to be reported to Credit agencies. @Ben - thanks for the extra info. I did get knocked back when I last tried for a chargeback, but given the passage of even more time and the utter failure for any sort of meaningful response from the creator or prospect of fulfilment, perhaps it's worth another shot. Can't hurt to try! Will report back if I have any luck. I backed this project due to the promise of windows phone support. During the time from this project launch til now, being 2 years late, MS released the Band, which I bought. A year later I went back to Android and now bought a Moto 360. All this while waiting for this hack of a project. I hope this failure haunts CW every day for the rest of his life. Other data point: KS has changed TOS once or twice since Agent launched. Zano and Agent may well have launched under different Terms of Service. Chris last posted on his own Netduino board in early October. A day before his last post was a post that concluded with "thanks to everyone in Redmond for all the fish.". Now, either he had a really nice fish dinner in Redmond, or it is an off-hand reference to a more familiar quote : "So long and thanks for all the fish". Anyway, he has not posted since then and has not logged in for a couple weeks. Time will tell what's up here, because sure as heck nobody else seems to be talking... "But failure without honesty and transparency for backers is unacceptable." That is exactly what we have here. When will KS finally see that?! Keep in mind Coward Walker fully knows he cannot fold like Zano did. You see what happens when you publicly admit failure now. This is what our fearful creator turned project manager is avoiding at all costs. He's been pulling everyone's leg for 2.5 years. Don't expect that to stop. Zano was all over the news as a colossal failure. This project hasn't hit the neas., yet. Also keep in mind Zano was a company around a single project, where Agent is a company who used this single project to catapault R&D for its existing company. Coward will not admit failure nor bankrupt his existing company. He lawyered up and is in hiding. When this hits the news, it will be because of fraud and poor accounting practices. Our money is being burnt on things we did not buy into. Chris Walker is a smart criminal. One who has not actively built anything "watch" related yet. After burning his last vendor/partner, I doubt he fill find a suitor to replace them. Obviously we are not important enough - or vocal enough. Dear Zano backers: We've heard from many of you in the wake of the Zano project's failure, and we've been reading your comments. Like you, were extremely frustrated by whats happened with this project. We learned the news of the Zano bankruptcy the same way that you did  through a bare-bones project update. We emailed the creators as recently as two weeks ago to encourage them to be more communicative with their backers, but received only a cursory response. You deserve more than that, and we are committed to helping backers get to the bottom of what happened here. Finding out what happened Today we sent an email to the Zano team informing them of their obligations to backers, and asking them to share an open and transparent update on what happened with the project. We have asked them to post this update by Monday, November 30th. If they do not adequately brief backers by that time, Kickstarter will independently pursue an inquiry into the Zano project. Should this occur, we will share those findings with you, the backers, once completed. Kickstarters terms Kickstarters Terms of Use set up an agreement between creators and backers that outlines what is supposed to happen if a creator is unable to complete their project. This agreement requires the creator to come forward and explain what happened and how funds were used, and to offer any remaining funds to backers. (Kickstarter does not issue refunds  the creator does so if theres money left.) You can read this agreement in full here. As of now, the Zano creators have failed to meet these obligations. And as our terms state, this failure can subject them to legal action by backers. In addition, creators who fail to fulfill, and who fail to meet Kickstarters expectations of transparency, are not permitted to launch further projects. The creators of Zano will not be allowed to launch another project on Kickstarter. Failure is a possibility whenever someone tries to create something new. With open communication, this can be an unfortunate but acceptable outcome. But failure without honesty and transparency for backers is unacceptable. We are determined to help backers get the full account that they're entitled to and deserve. Thank you for your time, and for being a member of the Kickstarter community. Sincerely, Kickstarter Mine was MasterCard Just curious: For those who have charged back, what type of CC [Visa, MC, Amex]]...overall American Express seems to have the easiest charge back of them all...considering using them as my payment method going forward. Overall wondering if you folks have found Amex more 'friendly' toward KS projects that have gone dark... @Tim. I actually managed to get a charge back I think was in excess of a year when it became clear this project was not going to deliver. I am in UK and put together a case where the CC company felt it was a valid claim @Ben Baskaran - lucky you! :) May I ask, did this happen recently, or did you seek the refund a long time ago? Most credit card companies refuse to consider chargebacks after 90 days or so, which usually leaves Kickstarter backers in the lurch as projects are rarely even due for delivery within that timeframe. Let alone disasters like this one! @Jobathon Wheatley. I got my money back through a credit card charge back. I am in UK Sorry...I lost $75 to this unprofessional asshat. @jon....only in the beginning when there were those that Coward thought he could control his image. Decenting opinions that couldn't be controlled by Roma and company were cancelled and refunded (e.g. Paul). Otherwise, Coward made it past the 6 month grace period for credit card refunds and abandoned making any attempt to be honest about what was really happening. Even tried to get everyone to post in his personally moderated forum because Kickstarter doesn't provide a mechanism to keep backers informed. I really wish I was making this shit up. I was lucky enough to sell my pledge at 50% of cost, but I still don't take kindly to throwing $50 down the tube. Has anyone been successful in getting any portion of their money back? You have to admit Chris wanker certainly has balls to rub it in all your faces Updates for our funding can be found here... <url>ais concern par cette farce ? est il possible de porter plainte pour la france ? que fait kickstarter, ce projet discrdite leur site.... I did my part. FTC complaint filed. And another company goes bust! Atleast they admitted it and shipped something out to some backers.. <url>#crnt&panel1-1 Guide posted by William McKinney further below was really helpful, only took 5 minutes - <url>"Some results may have been removed under data protection law in Europe. Learn more" - click on it and it talks about the "right to be forgotten ruling" in Europe...The court found that certain users have the right to ask search engines like Google to remove results for queries that include the person's name. To qualify, the results shown would need to be inadequate, irrelevant, no longer relevant, or excessive. - I don't think he should be forgotten - lets make a point of mentioning his name on the interwebs next to the word scam as much as possiblt - oh - econsumer.gov complaint submitted. As a non-us I submitted complaint via econsumer.gov. I don't even think that would help anything or I would ever get my money back. But if someone would break creators legs or something, it would be nice ;) Received an email back from the FTC with a link to a brochure that contained the following "Report Scams If you think you may have been scammed: File a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission. If you are outside the U.S., file a complaint at econsumer.gov Visit ftc.gov/idtheft, where youll find out how to minimize your risk of identity theft. Report scams to your state Attorney General. So I guess us non-US people can try econsumer.gov FTC complaint lodged (from Australia). Sadly not expecting it to help, but it's nice to dream! I have filed from the UK with the following text: Chris Walker, acting in the name of his company 'Secret Labs', initiated a campaign on the funding site 'Kickstarter' in May 2013. This purported to be raising money to finalise design and produce a smart-watch by the name of 'Agent'. I backed that Kickstarter campaign (along with 5,685 others, pledging a total of $1,012,742), on the basis of the claim that the project was advanced enough to order parts immediately after the Kickstarter campaign ended, and to produce completed watches for backers within 6 months. Over the subsequent period of 28 months, it has become very clear that the information given by Chris Walker within that Kickstarter campaign was fraudulently inaccurate and there has been no significant progress in the production of the watch. Hope we can put a dent in his scam. Filed from the UK. Took 5 minutes. <url>#crnt&panel1-1 There is a guide here on how to file complaint - <url>#crnt&panel1-1 <url>#crnt&panel1-1 Let's keep this link at the top, you can file from anywhere globally <url>#crnt&panel1-1 FTC complaint filled from the Netherlands FTC complaint filed from Australia. Fingers crossed. I just filed my FTC complaint. This thing needs to end. @jimmy FYI, House of Horology were also scammed and shafted by that conman known as Chris Walker. HoH have tried to help us get the real info on the state of this project, sadly Chris Walker set the lawyers on HoH to hide the truth. So by all means go after Chris Walker and Secret Labs, but HoH are as much a casualty as we are. @Jimmy if you are in US, please file a complaint to FTC and talk to the attorney in your state. Congratulations... you have had our money for 2 years... can we make it 3? I think it's time we enacted web justice... perhaps 4chan can help us out a bit with this total effing scam.. i am looking into what it will take to take these asshats to court on fraud charges. this includes house of horology and secret labs. over $1million in backer funds but ZERO products or even proof of existence. yea.... time for some action... SO... what the EFFFFF??? give us our money back. this is worse than duke nukem 3d.. they actually released that game.. can we do a class action lawsuit here? @Daniel - Seek real information from Lawrence about the 'collaboration'. Can anybody help him get in touch with HoH? The sad thing is after 2 years this watch is terrible looking compared to ANY competitor now. Hahahahahaha, that response from Chris Walker is laughably pathetic. It confirms how incredibly unprofessional he is and how he has to resort to sweet-talking the authorities because he has absolutely no credibility or legitimate explanation for his business failure. If you can submit a FTC complaint from overseas then count me in. I don't want a refund at this point. My $200 pledge will go towards seeing this conman be hung, drawn and quartered (metaphorically of course). I have submitted this story to a national news agency to bring scams, and the pitfalls of this platform, to the national spotlight. Perhaps shining the light on Christopher will help weed the coward out of his hole...as rats so often do. Coward...you can't hide from your obligations and the law forever. We'll talk...soon. How this clown sleep at night? Simon...I'm with you on visiting this coward. Looking forward to my own "business trip". I think Christopher could use a motivational speech. Perhaps some enlightenment. Karma. Hello @Daniel Well done for going after the ****. My feeling is that he will offer you a refund in full and final settlement. A couple of hundred bucks to close a door down to potential action. @Dan Berry - I like the idea of hiring a PI so we can find everything out about this piece of slime. @Martin - I would be interested in any news about a class action. In other news - I have organised a trip to NY next year. Won't say when because I like giving people surprises. My intention is film Chris Walker and publish on YouTube. Perhaps face to face he will be a bit forthcoming. You never know - when I switch my camera off and have a chat I can persuade him to give me some holiday money/refund. Wow, what a real imbecile Chris Wanker is. I read his response to Daniel Chang, and it's really difficult not to take it personal. FTC complaint filed - turns out you don't have to be in the states to do it (I am in the UK) <url>#crnt&panel1-1 Took less than five minutes guys - have at it. Letting you know I filed a FTC complaint... @Daniel - That letter is hilariously similar to CW's updates here! It's vague, misleading and circuitous of the real issues at hand! @Daniel I suspect the others here are correct that he is looking to one of the following 1) somehow demonstrate that you paid Amazon for your pledge and therefore he is not obligated to refund you anything as you didn't pay him directly, KS is in the middle, or some other lame BS excuse 2) He is going to send you a threatening letter from his attorney buddy in Utah [this is the most likely scenario since he tossed out slander] 3) Didn't he manage to get rid of some very vocal backers a long time ago through refunds?? It's been so long I can't remember but I thought that was the case. Maybe he would rather you just go away so he can continue to scam the other 5,684 of us. [Highly unlikely, I doubt he wants to set that precedent] @Daniel - you need to confirm that you are a backer expecting a reward. The agent has no need to pass personal information onto CW unless he's planning on refunding you. I'd suggest he's planning on getting his lawyer to send you a threatening letter like Lawrence got, so mention that to the agent. As long as the agent is happy you're a reward backer, why does CW need any further information to say whether or not he'll refund you? The real reason is that it'd open the floodgates, hence why he's suddenly only the project manager of this sham @Daniel Sounds like he wants to sue you for slander instead of really "helping". If he had ever come to the comment page he will realize which Daniel Chang you are. What a prick. LOL. Here is a smartwatch that works with all the various platforms, has 3G, camera, TFT screen (basically it is a Samsung Gear knockoff), all for the whopping price of $38. Chris Wanker could have just bought a ton of these and shipped them, and kept over 3/4 of a million. Called the DZ09. <url>"collaboration," and Chris Walker's trying to distance this project from his Secret Labs business by suggesting that Kickstarter separate from Secret Labs. What should I respond back to my representative? When will we get our refunds from this scum? I think it's pretty obvious from @Daniel Chang's description of his experience that unless you're a lawyer, CW isn't interested in even discussing a refund with you. wow. This page still survive. When will be the actual delivery date? Agent smart watch core 5.0? like what the fuck Maybe I'm a glutton for punishment. I was looking at some of Chris's old updates. There are some gems in there now that it's clear Chris is a fraud: "AGENT is a premium designer smartwatch. We can comfortably assemble, test and package 200 smartwatches per day. So for the first few months of production, we'll be limiting production to 1,000 watches per week" May 26 2013 "As we move towards delivery, we will be posting updates here twice every month. We are committed to continue engaging with you, our backers, and we will continue responding to your comments here at Kickstarter." July 7 2013 "On another note, we have finalized the design of the silicon rubber watch straps and ordered the first production watch strap mold; we expect to receive samples in a little over a month." Sep 30 2013 "For backers who would like more photos and videos of the space where AGENT Smartwatches will be built and serviced, please let us know what elements you'd like us to photograph in the comments below. We can also take more photos as the building owner finishes up the space in October." September 30 2014 "We desperately wish that we could have assembled these parts into smartwatch rewards already. With the expiration of moisture barrier bag seals, we have taken steps to protect AGENT Smartwatch components. Once the watch cases are ready, we can move into final integration and then begin the (very delayed and much anticipated) process of manufacturing AGENT Smartwatch rewards for our backers." December 2014 "We aren't Apple. We don't have the resources of a huge corporation (or even a reasonable fraction of the resources of a big team like Pebble). But we can accomplish some pretty great things together. Let's see what we can get done in parallel over the next month or so, both on the watch case front and on the technology front." October 5 2015 @Daniel Chang Thanks for going trough the trouble. BLOCKS - I've pledged them 5$ to ensure I get the reports of news/progress - it will be interesting to see how they do. And they have collected over 1M$ already ! @Daniel Chang - Thanks man! Happy to see that the pressure on this scumbag has been turned up! I got a response from my state's consumer protection agency. Chris Walker first sucked up to the agent assigned to this case by telling him how beautiful he is, and then Chris Walker claimed slander due to misinformation being spread around. Chris also wanted my Amazon payment ID for confirmation. I wonder how many Daniel Chang's backed this watch? I will scan and post Chris Walker's letter and my response to the state later. @Martin hope you get your attorney situation further along soon. @Daniel Chang - sorry to have not reported in, as the day job has been keeping me very busy. I was in the US and am speaking with atty's, but I need to bring that along a bit further before I can talk about it broadly. @Dan Berry - I'm not about to jump in on that one, but it is interesting to contrast their presentation with the Agent initial presentation. There's a lot more technical depth there and the design is much more refined and seems much further along than Agent was when it was launched. I do wonder if they can maintain the electrical integrity in the band links though. WIsely, they seem to have worked out buttons and straps before launching. :) Nonetheless, I am smart-watch-risk-averse now and will wait for a retail product. I also think that the new KS TOS has increased risks for backers. The previous TOS requires refunds or rewards. The new TOS requires refunds, rewards, or an explanation. My bank has stopped accepting explanations as legal tender, so that doesn't work for me. @Dan. I for one will not be rushing into another disaster waiting to happen. Got my pebble got my apple so I am happy. Oh hai! Look, another watch promising to create an open design standard... <url>"work", "leases" and "employees" he's supposedly frittering away the fund money on? @Jushua Ayes - If you read even a few of the over 10,000 comments here, you will soon realize that CW has basically stolen our money and has no intention to ship the products we all backed. Your only options are to take him to small claims court AND file a complaint with the FTC (see guide here - <url>"world's smartest watch"? LOL. What a joke. Hell, this isn't even a watch. A watch at least tells the time. The only reason I want this POS Agent garbage now is to smash it with a hammer. Of course, I would like to do the same thing to Chris Walkers face. Got the update on my Huawei Watch. I would have gotten it on my Moto 360 (1st gen), but that tech is already outdated, so it has gone into storage. I like having a cold-rolled stainless steel round watch with a sapphire crystal display at nearly 300ppi. Images are crisp and beautiful. What was this project about again? Can this even be classified as a smartwatch anymore? Much less the "world's smartest watch"? LOL. What a joke. Hell, this isn't even a watch. A watch at least tells the time. The only reason I want this POS Agent garbage now is to smash it with a hammer. Of course, I would like to do the same thing to Chris Walkers face. @Simon - if it looks anything like the picture above, he won't be selling any of them. A Betamax looks more current. Amen to that I can't understand what planet some of you people are on. Some are still talking like they will get a product or a refund. What part of "fraud" don't you idiots understand? Chris Walker is doing exactly what I said he would do a year ago. By keeping the project alive he is 1) spending money on "dual use" items to prop up his crap Netduino product set. 2) drawing down funds on intangibles like "consultancy" and "staff costs" He has even abandoned discussing the "reward"we were due and is now totally focused on Agent 2 which if you have a memory longer than a goldfish will be stuck in a watch case of his own companies design and supply (thus bypassing HoH). He is using your money to fund a watch that you will be able to buy under the Netduino umbrella and will get sold commercially. He is such a **** that he will likely offer us a "discount". Chris walker has used Kickstarter to defraud you. Wake the hell up. Guys, With all due respect, I think it's time that we all collectively stop wasting time and energy trying to get some resolution from Kickstarter and focus on efforts with tangible, realistic outcomes. As long as CW makes occasional updates, he is in compliance with their ToS. It sucks, but it's reality. Even if he where to slip up and violate their terms- he already has our money so the most KS could do is ban him from posting future projects. Legally, KS holds no control mechanism over CW and cannot force him to do anything. So why waste our time fighting KS - which at best will result in his username being banned from creating future projects - and instead focus on actual mechanisms with real, legally-binding power. If you have not already filed an FTC claim then you are doing yourself - and the rest of us - a disservice. Refer to my earlier post for the link and suggested language for the complaint. We will only see results if collectively we elevate this to a government or judiciary body with legal jurisdiction over CW's illegal actions. I'm also very eager to hear about the other poster's efforts in small claims court. So please, let's channel our outrage in the right direction to get the results and compensation we deserve. Don't fantasy KS or CW will confess on their failure and issue an refund. If you are in United States, file a complaint to FTC and your state's attorney Here is a quick guide: <url>`:) Anyone want to group up and spam his netduino forums? :-) I also want a refund, or to sell my stake... Anyone anyone? Update 31: Blah blah blah some random bullshit about code, blah blah blah no mention about the actual physical watch, blah blah blah still no mention of a release date, blah blah blah I've wasted all the money, blah blah blah I'm too incompetent too admit my mistakes, blah blah blah I'm going to rot in hell along with isis and paedophiles @Colin HoH has been out of this collaboration and CW sent a lawyer's letter asking Lawrence to STFU about the watch case. GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK!!! He is really, a high tech comedian in some small apartment in NYC. Has anyone contacted House of Horology about all this? Also, has anyone contacted House of Horology about all this. Kickstarter responses to my questions. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Oct 5, 10:46 PM Hi again Colin, Thanks for following up here. Again, Im sorry to hear that this has not been a better experience for you and other backers of this project. As it is clear that you feel as though this creator has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, wed appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback Form. We'll be sure to take your experience into consideration as we evaluate the policies and procedures that we have in place. Thanks again for your cooperation and for being an active member of the Kickstarter community. Best, Travis colwight Oct 5, 5:17 PM This is a stock response that you have sent out to multiple backers many times. Do you not think it's time to look at this issue more closely. This project is already two years late and now the developer updates do not even refer to the original product but to new software developments. Interesting as those might be to some, what I want to know is when will the original promised product be shipping. He has had over one million dollars of people's money. What are you going to do about it. Or are you happy to be associated with blatant scammers? Best wishes Colin Wight (Sent from my iPhone, please ignore perceived terseness, iPhone auto correction etc.) Got the update on my Huawei Watch. I would have gotten it on my Moto 360 (1st gen), but that tech is already outdated, so it has gone into storage. I like having a cold-rolled stainless steel round watch with a sapphire crystal display at nearly 300ppi. Images are crisp and beautiful. What was this project about again? Can this even be classified as a smartwatch anymore? Much less the "world's smartest watch"? LOL. What a joke. Hell, this isn't even a watch. A watch at least tells the time. The only reason I want this POS Agent garbage now is to smash it with a hammer. Of course, I would like to do the same thing to Chris Walkers face. Chris Walker has admitted fraud and STILL kickstarter does nothing. That makes them complicit right? <url>#KICKSTARTER #DISSATISFIED WHY is there no way to contact KICKSTARTER. I am most dissatisfied I have waited patiently since June 20, 2013 You successfully raised $1,012,742 USD with 5,685 backers Well, this update is really just setting the stage for the inevitable "I ran out of funds. Oh well. Sorry" update. I'm guessing the update will be in January, and that is the next update we get. Hey ChrisW, why don't you sublet the 'factory space' you used our funds for, and use the proceeds to pay us back one by one? Along with the remaining funds you say you're using to do 'other work' (2.0 etc). "Let's see what we can get done in parallel over the next month or so, both on the watch case front and on the technology front." Does that mean we are meant to work on the watch case front........I've got a sweet Casio case that would work!!! What the fuck - he's not even trying to bullshit us anymore Refund please. Hi, Can you just tell me whether or not you're planning to deliver my reward? From the updates this is no longer clear to me. Are you working on the same watch that I backed but with new software? Are you working on something new and won't deliver my reward? I'm just curious whether or not I should be thrilled to read your updates as I'll get my watch eventually, or should just ignore those updates. So who are the developers that Chris has said used Agent OS 1.0? Was there even a release of that? Also "team"...we all know he's the only one who is doing this now... Good to at least see the QI chargers are sorted... @creator... so your team is what? You looking at yourself in the mirror? After 2 years, this watch(if it ever comes out) will be so outdated that it won't even be usable. I've given up. I'd the one guy that still believes in this project is around, are you still pre-buying watches? I'll sale. I don't want this POS. "We aren't Apple. We don't have the resources of a huge corporation (or even a reasonable fraction of the resources of a big team like Pebble)." - You absolutelly right - you not Apple, but you can compare self with Pebble - you projecting analogue products, and taking founds for it both from Kickstarter. With difference - Pebble had take off, but you falled to mud. Probably - you quite happy with taken million of backs, and your perspective project become grandiose scam with strange two months updates as Kickstarter agrees. We lost by 200$ everybody, but you lost self reputation and future millions dollars of incomes forever. You may only see and compare self with Pebble - you both was in equal start conditions, but your futures is inverse now. @Chris Walker - Great news! You and I CAN "accomplish some pretty great things together"! Let's start with a FULL REFUND to ME! That really would be great, don't you think? Let's get that done in the next month or so and then in parallel we can work on the remaining 5,684 refunds! What do you say? Hey so i'm really sorry to say this but I don't feel as though your team has delivered on any of the promises made during the kickstarter campaign. Is there any chance of getting a refund from you guys? I spent like $300 on this about 2 years ago with the expectation of getting a watch in the mail in about 6 months. I love the idea of you guys making something cool, but could I either get a refund or perhaps get my money credited towards buying an actual watch or maybe a few watch straps from house of horology? I'm sorry to say it but it's pretty clear you're not going to be able to offer anything competitive in the smartwatch world. Oh, the irony of getting the email about this update on my Apple Watch. Surely there must be some way to hold this huckster accountable for all the money he stole. I'm sure the next "EXCITING UPDATE" will be about the progress of the Unicorn breeding program that will deliver the watches to us individually. I want my refund! Thanks Daniel. I hope I am in US and I can help on that. I still haven't gotten a response from the FTC. And my state's consumer protection agency says that they will give Secret Labs 90 days to respond. Well, if I did my math right, I should be getting another letter from my state soon. Every update seems to take us backwards. We started with a working NETMF OS and sketchy app framework; a PCB we never saw work; and a case that didn't quite all fit together; but now we have a do-over on the OS (worse than a do-over - more on that below); a major revision of the PCB (though I don't know of anyone that ever saw the first version work); and no case - not even mention of straps this time. As a fellow that has worked with NETMF programs and the NETMF firmware code regularly since its inception, and almost every day now for the last two years, I am totally baffled by the software status. Ripping out working code built over the span of a couple years by a larger and better funded team (ref: update mentions resource limitations) and claiming you can do something better and faster just reeks of cold-fusion-scale delusion. It's certainly not a recipe for accelerating delivery on the original promises. Random observations : Bigger and bigger promises are not a substitute for delivering on past commitments Overly detailed minutia in updates only serves as a distraction from the fact that the core questions on delivery are never answered. Listing working things you threw out is not reassuring and is not a form of progress Mentioning the 'burn rate' just drives home how all of the above just serves to evaporate backer funds without delivering anything but excuses. Every 2.0 effort dilutes the funds pledged toward 1.0 promises. To be clear : I don't want 2.0. I did not agree to its features or schedule, and that is not the deal I paid for. I don't want better promises - I want Chris and SL to deliver on the deal we all agreed to. In every project, as you build it, you realize what you could/should have done better, but the smart people power through that and deliver, and then improve in a subsequent delivery. I am sure that many of the lessons of the later Pebble were learned while building the earlier one - but they did build v1 and did deliver v1 - as promised. And let's not forget the other broken promise : the rewards store that was to open last June. @Ben - is that small claims court? I fear small claims plaintiffs may win default judgments, but then end up with no success in recovering their claims. Is anyone in that situation yet? Has anyone's case reached court? Hey Chris Walker, how about you tell us what you've been doing with that factory space our money built for you and, while you're at it, tell us what you've been spending our money on? Did you just consider our money Secret Labs money that you could use as you please? Seriously, Chris Walker. Nobody trusts you here. I don't expect to see my money back, but I just don't more victims to fall for your scams. Good Luck Ben Abrams - I don't suppose he'll turn up but we're all eager to learn of the outcome @ben abrams is that actually happening? Has he been served? I can't wait to see this POS in court on December 10th. Thanks for another update filled with bull shit. You do not have our support nor our patience Well, you live and learn. This is a Kickstarter problem and if they don't do anything about it they won't progress. The Agent watch is a scam. There's no watch and the developer is using our money for god knows what. Done scam, facilitated by Kickstarter. Good business all. Let see... how do I say this nicely... Who Cares Chris! You're a liar. I just want my money or the stuff you promised us in June (for those who don't want your Piece of Crap watch). Come on Kickstarter... change your rules... it's obvious Chris is jerking everyone around. Chris claims to understand that "..some backers would really like to see us working on final integration items (where the full product starts feeling like a cohesive whole)" - well, Ya think?!?! The campaign suggested that the large majority of this was already done over two years ago, before even the campaign finished. We, the backers, acknowledge that Chris doesn't "...have the resources of a huge corporation (or even a reasonable fraction of the resources of a big team like Pebble)" but he does have over $1m of our money, which was many times more than he thought would be necessary to complete the project. The only good thing about Chris making that statement is that it suggests he might occasionally read this comments page. Lastly, he says "...we can accomplish some pretty great things together. Let's see what we can get done in parallel over the next month or so, both on the watch case front and on the technology front", but he (as normal), commits to nothing and doesn't set any target or even an aspirational dates for progress. Laughable! I'm in the UK and justice is out of reach for me but I really hope the US legal system kicks in soon. And as for Kickstarter - we're so over you! - Backers know Kickstarter can't reimburse money to backers because it has already gone to the project creator, but their response to this project has been completely ineffectual - nothing short of pathetic. Their platform has been used for what has all the hallmarks of a fraud, and their response is to 'reach out' and encourage another one of these meaningless 'updates'. I'm trying to remain respectful and considerate as suggested on this page, despite Chris being completely disrespectful and inconsiderate to backers throughout this project - there's never any tangible progress reported and never even a vague stab at when the project may be be complete! I know it's silly to argue over which version of smoke and mirrors is which, but AGENT OS 2.0 is the software update version of smoke and mirrors that was planned a while back for all smartwatches. AGENT0002 is the hardware version of smoke and mirrors that was recently announced as an upgrade option for backers. After over 2 years of development, patience is over. I hope you are enjoying the money you stole from everyone you thief. Working on a 2.0 version when 1.0 isn't even out? Maybe you should have spent some of that stolen money on a project manager. Oh wait what would imply you actually intended to ship us something. Either refund everyone's money, release the damn product already, or just admit this is a bust and stop sending these so called updates that don't mean a thing. No one has seen any physical proof this watch exists. TL;DR version of update 31 -- I know a lot about software. Look how much I know about software. I can software me some software all day long. Hardware is hard. Nothing happened with hardware for the last two months. You think the schedule's late now? Well the final integration part I haven't started yet is the schedule riskiest of all. Also, it's kind of your fault since you're forcing me to start final integration testing before "something" is ready. Also, we don't have a lot of money. THANKS FOR YOUR PATIENCE GUYS LET'S GO PUT THIS THING IN THIS OTHER THING FOLLOW YOUR DREAMS! Atleast give us money back for shipping! Hi... After 2 years of delay... I want my money back... What do i have to do? Bet 99% of the work mentioned in this update is stuff done for Netduino products and simply copy pasted in. 1% of the work was bullshitting this update together and posting it. I'm thinking legally they have to mention 'House of Horology' in each update Oh wow, i just sprayed my food everywhere when I read that last update from laughing so hard. What a shite update not even mentioning the straps anymore Who cares about agent 2.0 if you think your scamming us out of more money you really are stupid and crazy. Also the updates are supposed to be about agent 1.0 - what's the excuse about the watch bands, and molds now. @Craig M - We all received the same "canned" response from KS. However, keep on them and continue to demand resolution. (hopefully all of are doing that) The more KS hears from their unhappy customers, the better. ...doubt they will do anything though :( Sorry for the delay in response. Uni work is taking over my life now. Maybe Chris is going through the same thing? Bad joke. Anyway. As promised, full transparency with every party. Here is what kickstarter had to say. I would appreciate any feedback. Did you receive something similar? - Hi Craig, Willis with Kickstarter Support here. Thanks for reaching out and taking the time to bring this to our attention. We do our best to give project creators the freedom and support necessary to bring their new and exciting ideas to life. This often means that when projects launch on Kickstarter theyre in the early stages of development. While we encourage creators to communicate regularly through this process, its important to remember that each of them will approach this differently. In most cases, this may be the first time that a creator has the responsibility of communicating with a large support community. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. Ive reached out to this creator and offered our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, well be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Best, Willis My Pebble Time Steel arrived October 1. It is a modern Smartwatch, has four good sized working push-buttons and a fine rubbery black strap - Agent could learn a bit from Pebble about how to make straps and push-buttons, and a nice thin case ! Surely it is about time for another watch strap update - until then though what have you guys managed to do in the last two months? I worked full time (apart from two days off with a chesty cough), have been climbing 8 times and have decorated a one bedroom flat (including the time it took to lift the tiles and floor boards after accidentally firing a screw through a central heating pipe). I wonder if the silicone watch strap fits yet? <url> Read what our beloved Chris fucking Walker posted about the progress on the plastic strap (not the watch). @Daniel What update? @Myk QFT! I'm a "serial" backer and I've backed plenty of failed or late projects. This is the only project where the updates actually pisses me off. It's like we're being treated like we're idiots with his updates on non-issues. And then we get updates on Chris Walker seemingly working on something else with the money we gave him to work on the Agent. Chris Walker needs to prove that he's not a scam artist and an absolute fraud. Report him to the FTC and your state's consumer protection agency. This user's account has been deleted. Just seen this article on how to create apps for AGENT smart watch. :-) Woo hoo <url> @PB too bad the new terms stated in that article don't apply to this project as it was launched prior to them. how is there no update since July - Someone dropped the ball @Ces, I wonder if he'll do the same this year, as it looks like there will be another shut down. Man, i shure would love to hear how our dry cabinets are doing... This project teaches you more about calmness and not to hold on to physical things than a 200 years old zen master. @PB in October 2013 I asked Chris walker how the FCC testing was going. He blamed the US government office shutdown for the delay which coincided with that date. He had the balls to ask backers to contact their local representative in government to expedite resolving the government strike. 2 years later he still doesn't have a product to test. And by the way, if 5,000 angry backers called this lawyer to complain about CW, he will probably charge CW a lot of $$ for all the time he wastes, and he might fire CW as a client for being such an unscrupulous person! @PB, here you go. <url>~$80 in NY so I was trying to avoid that given the amounts we are talking about. It sound like Ben managed to effectively serve CW through the conventional process. I look forward to hearing if Chris shows in court and how Ben does on the 10th. @Ben Abrams good luck!!! @ Eric Gardocki - I investigated the BBB route a long time ago but Secret Labs isn't BBB accredited so I doubt CW cares about his BBB rating @simon thank you for the entertaining read. We all need a little humor after this shit show of a rouse. I'll keep dec 10th on my calendar and hope cw gets a little taste of justice handed to him. @Nathaniel G, I don't know the law in NY maybe your lawyer friend could attempt to discover CW's real address and contact info from Mailbox NYC as part of the process of commencing legal proceedings. Google Maps Street View has confirmed that 174 W 4th St #207, New York, NY 10014 is the address of a business called Mailbox NYC. <url>100K into your bank account. 4) The FTC are clearly as useful as VW engine report 5) The New York attorney must be on a **** and heroin binge as he/she/it seems totally useless as well 6) Kickstarter represents everything that is wrong in the world. Meaningless BS spouted about ethics and yet it has taken over $50K from this project with zero input or accountability. Hey Kickstarter - you suck and corporate waffle doesn't change that 7) You smell of wee. Not you. You. Yes. You. You know I'm talking to you. 8) Anyone want to buy a watch strap from me? Sure it is $50 but it has taken me AGES to research. In conclusion - if you buy Netduino products then you're worse than ISIS. I know it's been said before by others, but at this point I'd be happy just to have a $200 Qi charger. @Paul multiple people here have sent in a FTC complaint. But the more the merrier. Submit one of you haven't already. Submit on to your state's consumer protection agency too. So far I've only heard back from my state through a paper letter. Any FTC complain petition coming for this project? Just wondering what the latest status on the watch straps are? It's quite important that you get this bit right as it is the most important part of the whole watch! Now that @kickstarter is a "Public Benefit Corporation" does it means it will fix bad project like @agentwatches <url>a, yo estoy en Colombia y desde ac es muy difcil el manejo de cualquier reclamo, pero los invito a ustedes que estn es Estados Unidos a que se unan y lleven este caso a las autoridades y buscar que estas personas se hagan responsables de lo prometido is someone a lawyer? is there hope for us? <url>#continued Definitely they are inventing the wheel, it is incredible that with technological development have so many companies in the production of smartwatch, they are stuck in details as they share every two or three months. @PB Address is 174 W 4th St #207, New York, NY 10014. According to the pastebin  You know the boat is long gone when even ARM -- the company that makes processors for your watch and definitely not a watch company -- make their own watch with a battery life of 8 weeks. <url>"product" isn't worth the bytes this typing is on. I can't wait to find out if Chris Walker decided on the 2 cent plastic watch band or the 3 cent faux plastic watchband. After 2 years, this is exciting to find out. Hopefully, by summer of 2016 will know if he decided on quick release pins or just regular pins. I know it can be a long process of test fitting standard 22mm pins, because it is such a new concept and has never been done before. And maybe by the winter of 2016, half the watch will be completed. Well, by half I mean the watch strap and connector pins. It may be another decade before the case fittings are completed and we know if the watch will actually function. And by then, the 2 month updates will be yearly updates, because we really don't need bi-monthly updates. That is too fast. This all assumes Chris Walker doesn't die from cardiac failure before then. I'd like to see his fat ass get thrown in jail first. What is Chris Walker's address? It's time for another update soon, there's been almost two months from previous.... How're things going with components? How about moisture sensitivity ratings? Are they ok? Do you have any new pics from your storage room? How about watch case? Any update from October 2014? This is very exciting, can't wait to have new status update. @PB That's the old address of House of Horology. That's not who scammed us. It's Chris Walker and Secret Labs. 193 Prince St, New York, NY 10012, United States FTC done. FTC? I'm in. Done. <url>"went bankrupt" and "was all just a victim of bad project planning", despite "every intention" to release a product. I know I have lost my money, and I can't do much - being outside US. However, if some US backers go after the creator which will result in a fine like the one in Washington, I will sleep better. Good job @Ben Abrams. I have been saying for a long time now that small claims court is our most viable solution. I hope that more, many more backers follow your lead and cause CW to spend all day, every day in small claims court! Keep us posted! is there hope for us? <url>#continued is there any hope? <url>#continued Excellent job Ben. Please keep us in the loop on your small claims progress. I just filed a complaint with the FTC. I provided them with Secret Labs LLC's address which I got from <url>m sorry youve been experiencing these issues with communication. We've reached out to the creator a number of times with reminders of their obligations to their backer community, and have forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not updated backers more effectively on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so  it's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete the project as promised. We expect all members of the Kickstarter community to act with honesty and openness. When we find that people are abusing the system or the trust of others, we do not hesitate to suspend their account or restrict certain account privileges, like launching another project. We have a dedicated Integrity Team that monitors our system and reviews reports that we receive from our community. While we cant speak to the nature of specific projects that have been approved or declined, were constantly working on improving our vetting process for creators and we are grateful for the feedback that folks like you provide. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust and can help lead to the creation of new and exciting things. But its important to remember that sometimes complications arise that might prevent a project from unfolding as planned  or from happening at all. This certainly isnt ideal, but we hope that creators and backers will try to communicate with each other through these developments. Although we are unable to offer refunds, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and again thank you for sharing your experience. We hope youll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow. Best, Noah Any backers from Washington State? Finally a successful suit against bogus projects. <url>"amazing" watch of your's hmm? This user's account has been deleted. We are seriously overdue an update. I am curious why he already bought the parts before the design was finished? I would like to know hotter much of those parts his netdeno business could use. If he could sell everything useful to his other business how much money is left and how much would be left for a refund? @Lloyd, start it up on Indiegogo. They'd love to shaft Kickstarter. I would say that Chris Walker can take his fake watch and shove it up his arse. But he would likely enjoy that so I won't. The crook will get justice sooner or later. It is just frustrating that it isn't sooner. America you suck at justice. Kickstarter you suck and are just money grabbing shysters. I want my money back but will never see it until I escort the bloated Chris Walker to the ATM. In the meantime all I can be contented with is telling you all you had been conned over a year ago. If you want to make a difference 1) Leave a negative review of every Netduino you can find on the net 2) Email microsoft asking them why they engage with someone who has defrauded his backers. 3) If you live in NY - WHY HAVENT YOU CONFRONTED THE FAT CONMAN? (and filmed it) Chris ".NET is my only friend" Walker needs some payback. I think I'm going to start a Kickstarter campaign to raise funds to sue Kickstarter and its morally corrupt owners. I'd personally love to see Kickstarter and any other crowd funding source get their asses held to the fire until they change their policies of simply taking their cut and running. If a project raises more than a set amount of money, an escrow should be used to enforce liability. Kickstarter receives 0% of funds until a project is successful. Failure means they don't see a dime and remaining funds are refunded to backers. I think this would keep Kickstarter more engaged in helping to force creators to actually create what they said they would. Checks and balances. Right now, Kickstarter is nothing more than a scammers paradise. I guess anyone could make a Kickstarter and pay off their mortgage balance. I'd like a refund. i was cleaning up my desk and found the letter from the NY state attorney general - if you filed with them - you can email them at <email> with your file number and the full name of the company for a status update - just sent them an email now - waiting for a response - will keep you posted. If kickstarter was serious they would use the money they got out of this project to sue Chris or repay us something to show good faith. Every time I visit this page I see the text "5,685 backers pledged $1,012,742 to help bring this project to life". It makes me angry to think Chris Walker can get away with stealing so much money off so many people. Kickstarter should request to see the financials from Chris to confirm where the money has been spent. If there is any left they there should be pressure put on him to provide partial refunds. @ Kickstarter's Travis Chris Walker is still very active in Netduino forum as a moderator for his other products and online business. He is NOT spending time on this project. Watch straps still? Can/t wait to read the next update with the 3 year plan on package design. "Hi there, Travis here with Kickstarter support stepping in for Maren--thank you for following up with us about the status of this project. Im sorry youve been experiencing these issues with communication. We've reached out to the creator with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, and have forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so  it's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete the project as promised. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust and can help lead to the creation of new and exciting things. But its important to remember that sometimes complications arise that might prevent a project from unfolding as planned  or from happening at all. This certainly isnt ideal, but we hope that creators and backers will try to communicate with each other through these developments. Although we are unable to offer refunds, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and thank you for sharing your experience.. We hope youll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow. Best, Travis" Here's the link to the article that just came out about crowdfunding scams. <url>"7 days battery life" could possibly be met. There is a notification at 20% battery time at 5 days suggesting to me to charge it. But I typically take my watch off while taking a shower and charge it. @joshua, what's the battery life like? anyone here back from the attorney general - i haven't heard anything. i did receive my pebble steel time and love it. that project came in 1 month late - not 2 years. Like many ads. I think it may be "up to 10 days" - its a bit like motorcar fuel consumption tests, not always true in all circumstances. However it is true that the Pebble Steel alas will use more battery power than Agent watches, which use no power at-all ! Having abandoned all hope of any resolution of the "Agent question" I've got a Pebble Time and an Apple Watch. Since I've already lost all hope in this project and my friend is letting me borrow his pebble, I was actually thinking of getting the pebble time steel. They claim 10 days of battery life... your thoughts people? See -- <url>"buy" some agent watches from UK based folk for the purposes of filing a complaint to your AG. Can likely do it without money changing hands - we just agree that you assume responsibility of the watch - I am fairly certain that none of us are going to get anything but disappointment out of this project so the way I see it is we might as well share our misery with Chris - more complaints on the ground means more chance of litigation. I hope your next update include agent3.0 and how complicated it is for you planing agent4.0 from jail. I filed complaint in WA. Thanks @Daniel Change for data and additional info. Is there any recourse around the money he stole oops I mean postage charges,that should a still be there shouldn't it? As he has not posted anything out if he used that money for other purposes surely that would fall under fraud It is only a matter of time until Chris ".NET is my only friend" Walker releases a watch module under the Netcrappo brand. In the meantime I imagine he will be checking out the Ashley Madison hacked list to see if his partner is on it. (allegedly like his mother). @Chhay Kong <url>"The anticipation of death, can be worse than death itself." It seems obvious that CW doesn't read these comments or care about what we say on here so all backers need to make complaints to the ftc (if you're in the US). We should also seek to reduce CW's standing by posting online everywhere we can. There must be a lot of backers who don't read these comments and posting elsewhere could encourage them to complain to the ftc. The amount he stole from me is not huge, but I hate being defrauded so blatantly! I have stopped backing projects on kickstarter due to their totally half-arsed response to having their platform used for a $1m scam. At the very least I would expect them to let backers know that CW is no longer able to set up kickstarter campaigns. I now regularly warn people of the dangers of using kickstarter and warn them off. Finally, maybe a US backer could start a kickstarter campaign raising money to take legal action as a piece of 'performance art'. I'd chip in $20 for that! @Ben Baskaran, yes I do feel differently now. Again, I apologise to anyone who I offended in my staunch but misguided defence of Chris Walker. He has proven beyond any doubt to be an inept project manager and evasive and disloyal to the thousands of us who advanced him $1,000,000. Disgraceful. Honestly, I have no idea how Agent wasn't included in this article: <url>"In June 2013 I backed the Agent Smart Watch on Kickstarter, sponsored by Secret Labs, a New York based company run by Chris Walker. The project was presented as a prototype watch with funding required to purchase materials and tooling for production. The estimated time for delivery was December 2013. There has been very little progress made on the project and Chris Walker has provided vague and misleading information to the Kiststarter backers about his ablility to complete the project and deliver the watches. He recently announced his intent to create a second version of the watch, and it appears as though he has no intent of fulfilling his obligations to the 5,685 of us who contributed $1,012,742 for the first version. (<url>" Same corporate response from KS... Thanks for contacting Kickstarter. Your request has been updated. You can add a comment by replying to this email. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Aug 3, 12:52 PM Hi there, Here at Kickstarter HQ, we expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if theyre unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creators ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases youll find that rewards are delivered as promised, its also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. I hope that this helps to address your concerns, but please dont hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. Best, Katherine garrivas Aug 1, 12:55 PM The Agent -SmartWatch Campaign funded in 2013 with no reward to date and no serious update. Another failed project by Kickstarter. Fraudulent campaign by Chris Walker/Creator. After several messages sent by backers to KickStater and Creator no resolution by Kickstart or action had been taken against creator for this fraud campaign other than the standard canned response from both KickStater and Creator. This email is a service from Kickstarter. Delivered by Zendesk. Message-Id:KT50N7G8_55bf9c4333300_1d313fb423ecd32819979a_sprut Remember that Peter or Paul or whatever his name is from Microsoft who worked with Chris Walker on various projects? Remember how he questioned my sanity for not believing in Chris Walker but rather Lawrence? He was like why do you guys believe Lawrence? Answer: because Lawrence is forthcoming with information, whereas Chris Walker hides them. And then he questioned my sanity for saying that there are multiple lies in Chris Walker's campaign story. So then I wrote a document them out. And then he shut up and left. I might have lost my best chance to sell unicorn horn powder... It goes without saying that anyone who backs Chris Walker at this stage is either colluding with him or thick as pig shit. @Fadi. I did my chargeback some time ago but it was in excess of a year before I did it, my credit card company accepted my arguments. When I charged back I was among the early dissenters about this project and had suspicions how this project was being conducted. I would regularly have arguments with a number of people especially Roma who would resolutely defend Chris walker, I think Roma feels differently about it now. @Michael W, Thank you, would love a link to that article or video/audio once you have it handy. @Ben Baskaran, How on earth did you do a charge back? it has been too long .. at least AMEX tells me anything after X months (6 months if memory serves me) falls out of the unauthorized charges protection. BTW, just recently switched to an iPhone. Coming from Android, the Pebble Time is frigging awesome. On the iPhone, it's only like half a smartwatch... GD Apple... Michael W please post a link to the interview here if you are able to. Thank you, Michael W! I have a phone interview scheduled for tomorrow with a media outlet looking for stories of Kickstarter scams & failed projects! This should be interesting! Not sure what will come of it, but you can be sure I will let them know exactly how we all feel about this particular project and Kickstarters complete refusal to be of any help in obtaining a resolution. @Matt. I did a charge back and it worked I used some of the commentary as evidence Gonna try a charge back in the UK, don't think I stand much chance of getting money back but its worth a try. Will let you guys know how I get on. @Wyatt...the Pebble creator hashas integrity, dignity, respect, and a soul. The only thing CW has is an ego. A very large one at that. From what I read, a very largeslarge arse as well. Pebble is issuing refunds so why can't creator? I left KS because of this watch and now we are discussing watch bands OMG I will never see my reward and what goes around comes around I haven't been to New York yet. What I have done is watch tiny Tom Cruise of weird cult fame in Mission Impossible 3. Apart from the car chase in "casablanca" being partially filmed in Rabat (which apart from the bit you see in the film - with the motorbike chase- is in reality a bit of a dump) I noted that the scenes in London featured London Fog (tm). It got me thinking. Chris Walker the BS artist of KS lives in New York. Now I love the movies as you delightful Americans call films. And just like London Fog (tm) I realise that all movies shot in New York aren't going to be 100% accurate. However London used to be foggy a great deal (okay it was over 100 years ago but hey). So New York MUST be filled with ner do wells and taxi drivers of ill repute. The police must be corrupt. The citizens of pretend Irish heritage (tm) all have dodgy cousins and let us not even start with the Italians. Out of all those stereotypes surely someone in New York wants to see Chris Walker spoken to. Can't we pay off a corrupt cop to break his cars taillight and then give him a ticket? No private eye available in a dirty office with the impossibly attractive receptionist to follow up where his factory is and see what happened to the parts for AGENT (that were actually ordered - so not the fabled chargers) and trace them to NetCrappo circuit boards. Surely out of the stinking rotten core of New York someone, anyone, can give us creatures what we need. JUSTICE. I think Chris Walker is defrauding us. I see no evidence to suggest otherwise. We won't see a dime at this rate. PS - please stop asking for refunds. It is naive and pathetic. Thanks Alex contact your state's consumer protection agency and the FTC if you don't want Chris Walker to get away with scamming you out of your money. Where are our $50 Qi chargers? @Dino, thank you! @David. If you are in UK you may still have s chance Is it still possible to do a charge back after all this time? My Pebble strap finally broke after two years, so ordered a new strap off eBay on Thursday, arrived today. Nice silicone with white stitching, fits perfectly, looks great. Amazing what you can buy off a shelf. By the way, 3.50, including delivery. Would have been even cheaper if I'd bought direct from China. Still, great update on this watch. Roma, I'm going to contact my credit card company - if I can get anything from them on charge back, I'll let.you know and refund you what I can, as the watch is clearly never going to come from this fraudster. Martin, I'll be in New York for the first two weeks of September. I would totally like to buy you a drink if our schedules agree. (and then after the drink, we'll see where the evening takes us! Just kidding!) @Daniel @Martin, thanks for persevering. @Creator, For the record, you owe me 5 watches or $925. I backed one (silly me) and bought four from other backers (stupid me). Here are the deals which I detailed fully to you in an mail on 28 April 2014 and PM on 10 September 2014. Roma, original pledge, $214 Kevin, 9/11/2013, $199 John, 24/11/2013, $149 Dino, 28/1/2014, $164 Joe Minnella, 28/1/2014, $199 Stump up! BTW, the letter I got was through paper mail. So check your mailboxes. Majority of my bills are e-bills, so I typical toss my paper mails. The state (TN) has signed me a representative who will be contacting Secret Labs on my behalf. One small victory for my part! Give me back my money, Chris Walker! I also ask to refund me money!!! Enough complaints to FTC will bring this scam to their attention <url>will have access to. While I was really looking forward to the watch, I also do a lot of dev in Azure and am interested in the intersect of IoT and Azure - so the trade in option for Netduino gear was appealing to me. I didn't think much of it when I posted on the forums asking about the store. I did mention both the Agent and the Netduino Go and assume that the post was probably deleted to keep the Netduino forums focused on Netduino and not the Agent watch. Chris DMed me within a day of my post on the Netduino forums. He apologized for the delay in the ordering site, and offered to ship me the gear even though the site isn't ready yet. I let him know that I was interested in a few Netduino 3 WiFi and some Go cables. He shipped them the next day. I've been out of town the past few weeks. Now that I'm back, I can confirm that I have received everything. I have started using one of the Netduino 3 WiFis. I havent done anything interesting with it yet, but can confirm that it is working. In the time we have faffed about castigating Chris my Pebble Time has already been delivered, and my Pebble Time Steel is now on its way - and my Apple Watch has long been in use. Agent became an anachronism before the case design was even completed ! Wow - how can there have been such a train wreck ? An open letter to Chris Walker Chris Wow what a journey. Who would guess that a fraudulent video and some previously held credibility would get you a million bucks? Hats off for passing HoH and signing them up for the KS project. You chose someone young enough that wouldn't have the experience to not get enthused by the project. If only they knew what a **** you were. But hey that is business right? So here we are - a lifetime down the road. You have the money and can string this out for a few months more. But let me honest. If you had a massive gac habit instead a fondness for anything calorific I could almost forgive you. If you were spending our money on **** then it would grate but I could forgive. However that isn't the case. Despite your growing waistline you have been spending my money on your crap Netduino product. Instead of honesty you have fed a diet of BS that even a bull would struggle to shit. So here is the thing. As you waddle down the road to the "factory" remember that you are spent. Microsoft will sooner or later dump you. The money will dry up. You wife is likely screwing half of Brooklyn to get some form of satisfaction. Oh and one day I am going to be on your doorstep. You are a piece of lying scum that I wouldn't piss on if you were on fire. I hope you go bankrupt and contract genital herpes. Yours most sincerely etc etc. "Once this finally ships" I visit mainly for the comedic value. Don't worry because youcan swap your reward for crap circuit boards that are as buggy as a bug who has just won "finest bug" @G. Arrivas Here's one I backed that ran into extreme problems filling their rewards but I got a full refund on it after a year and a half: <url>"Chris Walker" wrote schedule (see campaign page): - May-June 2013: Kickstarter campaign - June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode - October 2013 - FCC, CE, and Qi certification - November 2013 - parts arrive, pilot production begins - December 2013 - volume production begins But current status is: - August 2015: Mold works are unfinished He can't ship any Agent Smartwatch(s) in 21st century, I guess. We had waited enough. Full refund now. "In summary: we now have a silicone rubber watch strap for the AGENT Smartwatch." What will be the next update? - In summary: we now have a silicone PINKY rubber watch strap for the AGENT Smartwatch. Ohh man, stop flooding my mailbox with this crap. @Martin wrote: "The only morally defensible resolution here will be through an FTC action or in a courtroom." I agree with you but the USA justice system seems as reliable as one of Chris Walkers promises. We're from around the world and no one in NY has stepped up to the plate. I wish HoH would counter sue Chris Walker so we could crowd fund the legals. They would win. Chris Walker is a liar and a bully. But then nothing is bringing him to justice. The only alternative is to have a full and frank conversation with him directly and let him get worried. I don't want him sleeping safely at night. I want him to realise what a low life piece of scum he is and like all low lives I want him to be in fear. Fear doesn't need to be rational. It is the expectation of the unknown. One day he is going to meet me. He won't be able to run off. He will be expected to talk openly and honestly and then give me a refund. In cash. I would hope I can persuade him to refund others. No violence. Just a nice but firm chat. What could possibly be objectionable? Chris Walker is a piece of scum and if Microsoft continue to engage with him then that will become a news story in itself. This is after all a man who is defrauding his backers. I say we start bringing our messages to twitter. I just posted this <url>"off-the-shelf" watch straps. Now that this has been determined, he can start on the development of the watch! Can't wait, I'm guessing it should be ready to ship by the end of 2019. I don't think I have left a comment yet. I check in about once a month or so to measure the level of indignation. I have to be honest - when I read this update my initial thought was that it was a prank. Previous updates made an effort to sound like something was happening, but to bring up watch straps? AGAIN? And yet once more throw HOH under the bus. It was so pointless I had to read it twice to believe it was real. I guess I agree it wasn't intended to provide information to us, but rather to fulfill the requirement to post an update. I've already written off my money for this one, but every time he posts an update, it refuels the fire of indignation. At this point, I'd almost prefer no updates at all so I can get on with my life. Anything other than, "your rewards are shipping" is just rubbing our faces in it. @Chris Walker ship me my damn charger and strap then. If you ever finish the watch I'll pay for my own shipping. That was the "oh crap I need to put something on kickstarter! What should I say? Watch strap delays that'll make the backers happy. Oh yes and throw HoH under the bus again, yes, perfect" CW is clearly not respecting Kickstarter terms of Use section 4 (<url>#section4). Only fullfilling 1st point at least ... kickstarter should be checking that terms of use are respected. (ugh - really wish one could edit comments. I do all my best proof-reading after I hit POST) And let's not forget the Netduino reward store that never materialized. It's fairly insulting to push out and update and just pretend that deadline didn't silently slipped by. No. We - investors and victims - are not the priority here. Defensive maneuvers and obfuscation is all we're getting now. @Ben: +1 Truthfully, I don't think that update was for us. It was for Kickstarter and maybe a broader defense strategy. My guess is that it exists only to show some minimal level of engagement. It has been nearly 60 days since the last update, and this update doesn't pass the most basic of sniff-tests for any real progress. It barely qualifies as phoning in an effort. No point in getting too riled up about it. It lived down to, and perhaps exceeded, our every expectation. The only morally defensible resolution here will be through an FTC action or in a courtroom. That update was utter bollocks @CW you are truly, utterly, completely disconnected with the reality. The project was not the dam strap stupid, it was about a watch. If you can't make the difference between the 2, it means you hoax every backer and use HoH to build up your credibility and now you are shitting on them? Shame, shame on you. Wow an update on watch straps. That is so 2012. Scam...give back the money. @martyn calsyn stop trying to downplay the issue. chris walker is responsible for whatever happens to him, directly or indirectly. I suppose you think differently, working for a company that has succeeded through theft, lies and bullying. as for creepy, well what's really creepy is how much you actually look like him <url>#30... So, this is how the next update will start: "First of all, please accept my apology for the unusually long delay since Kickstarter Update #29." ...and it will end with: "Thank you so much for your patience, for your support and again for your patience." You are free to ignore the bullshit between those two phrases... How does this guy sleep at night? I\d be fearing my life if I was this ****. Wow, almost 2 months again with no sign of life from CW. Can't we start some KS project to have him wacked by some Albanians or something? ;-) Frank, if only that's the case, he's probably going to talk about the app to the non-existent watch, Netduino 3 shit, and/or how his team has "completed" the design of the Agent 2.0... REFUND NOW! Stay tuned! The bi-monthly bullshit will be published very soon... something like: "I will be digging into House of Horology's CAD files to understand where the watch case is at and will work with the remaining team to create a roadmap to fix any remaining defects, etc." ...the remaining team... I love it! There's not much I can do as a backer in the UK, but I hope your ftc gets it's arse in gear soon and gives CW the kicking he deserves. I gave him the benefit of the doubt about 100 times but now, whilst I still doubt he initially set out to defraud us all, it is clear that his actions do now amount to fraud. Have any of you American backers had acknowledgement of pending investigation from the ftc? Haven't checked these comments in quite awhile. Just submitted my FTC complaint. Hopefully something comes of this. I wouldn't pay over $60 for the LG G Watch... That's actually not a deal at all! (slickdeals.net) For the (now) Androids of the group, Verizon is having a sale of the LG G Watch for $99. Picked one up, it works very well, very happy with it. Has a better battery life than the Agent, I charge it every night. It is definitely worth the pickup at this price. @Josh <url>"The Worlds Smartest Watch" if it doesn't exist. linkey to Martyn's comments I've got to say that there were many on here who openly mocked anyone here who suggested that we had consumer protection rights. So that may have been why we simply didn't have enough FTC reports. Luckily, most of those chumps are now on our side, except for certain Microsofties with relationships Chris Walker. P. S. Obviously, not all Microsoft people support CW; the most famous one is Martyn. And his insight has been very valuable to our understanding of the failures of CW. I hope no one believes in CW's lies after reading what Martyn had to say. P. P. S. I don't discount CW's contributions to micro framework, just like I don't discount Bill Cosby's contributions to comedy. Thanks Ben and Daniel. You're right. We all need to do more to ensure CW stops spending our money and is put in a position where he cannot do this again. I'll fill this out tonight. Interesting article but agent is not on the list. Could be not enough FTC complains are being made to put this on their radar <url>"if he has to remove post..." @jeff & @Alex, this only reason he is logging in to see check if he remove post... Anyone ever notice the word "coward" has syllables starting with a C and a W? Coincidence? @Alex...CW has abandoned commenting on this project. His only communication is, and has been, dropping a line to backers once every two months. I think he logs in to fulfill the minimum required KS TOS as a creator. @chris if u log in please comment Refund please. I posted a similar comment at CST-01. From what I've read the FTC says the money had to go for what it was pledged for. Otherwise fraud has been committed. Over 3200 of you paid for a charger. Hey Chris, ship them their charger. You had the money to buy those. <url>"quality"... And then buttons... No, we had no frigging buttons! So... who knows? All I know at this point is the Chris Walker lied to us about the state of the project in the campaign. The watch was no where near as complete as he had claimed he was. And that he was obviously no where near ready for certification as suggestion. WHAT A SCAM! Hey, how much do you want to bet that this will be done before the Agent is? The project just started, but I'm betting he'll be done sooner. <url>"factory space". This aligns with CW's updates better. *humidor Backers, The Miami condo is furnished with a nice couch made out of leather from the watch straps. Over stiched. Class. The upper part of the nice cabinet of parts was turned into a humiditor while the bottom part was turned into a wine cellar. You're a genius, Chris. Hey Chris Can i get the condo for first week of September? Hey Chris, I would like to reserve the Miami condo you bought with your backers' money, one week, end of August. Can you make it happen? I love how people are still requesting refunds.....our money is LONG gone with this asshat laughing all the way to the bank. @Frank...Exactly. I picture CW at an empty table, all alone with our money and a cabinet of parts, and moving from chair to chair respresenting each of his fictitious "teams" while planning his next moves. Kind of like the Pixar short from Bugs Life with the old guy playing chess. @jeff "The team" ;-) At least he is no longer talking about himself in the 3rd person. While entertaining, it showed how little respect he had for people who funded his little hobby/side job/hoax. @Daniel Chang Thanks for pursuing the FTC angle against Chris Walker. I filed a complaint with them as well. I came to check in on my favorite disaster of a Kickstarter project and of course halfway through July (43 days from our last update) and of course Chris hasn't chimed in. I for one can't wait to hear about the progress made on straps or what HoH is to blame for this month. :/ Wrong William De'Ath. The FTC has weighed in. Kickstarter is not a place where one could just scam people out of money. One cannot divest funds from this project to go into other projects or personal funds. Let the FTC look into this. I question whether Chris Walker used money from this project to go into Netduino 3; did Christ Walker build an assembly space for Netduino 3 with our money? Did our money go into the development of this Agent 2.0 watch? Also, I believe that FTC will also not look into this bait and switch situation kindly here either. We gave Chris Walker our money to create a smartwatch, and then he decides to sell us unneeded Netduino parts instead of refunding us our money. So report him to the FTC. <url> I would like to see an update from FTC instead. Now I don't want the watch, I just want CW to go hell. "Be respectful and considerate." HAHAHA FU Kickstarter. Surprisingly still there are people who are liking the updates  Anyone care to explain, what they liked in last few updates? Eternal optimists  What do you think are the odds of us getting something out of this ?? 100 to 1 .. 1000 to 1? @kickstarter waht do we ahve to do to get something out of this !! all i want is a refund ! @kumar...I was in the same boat as you. Unfortunately for us that were silenced, CW was given the opportunity for his 6 month credit card window to lapse. Unfortunately the unjustified support that scum received got him off the hook. If only we all saw through CW's scam. Is there any update? Please refund us. Hey CW. How about watch straps -issues? Is everything now ok with straps? How about pushers? Do you want me send more money? I wonder if we kept the thread going if @kickstarter would get off their asses and provide a service that protects the backers instead of just shrugging their shoulders and cashing out on every funded project that never comes through with its promises. This has got to be one of the longest/most active comment boards on a project that has not been funded. You know the funny thing is, when I started calling Chris's bullshit, and publicly calling him a liar & thief on these comments, it backfired. The few people who have now given up, were badmouthing me, somebody who saw the truth way before... I had already lost all hope last year, and only if everybody had acted out then, when the community was stronger... maybe, just maybe, we would have been in a different situation.. All I want is either a full refund or to see CW serving prison time. I'm now enjoying my Apple Watch for daytime use, and my Pebble Time for sleep tracking - both having long since left Agent withering away like Dracula after getting too much sun ! I have a small collection of now out-dated "Smart" watches - Agent has joined this esteemed group even before actual production. Wow - that's a first. LOL @Simon. And @PB, ask the FTC to find out for us. <url>"gift store". Chris just responded to the comment stream, but guess what? The July 2 post that linked back here was deleted. In Chris' response to the other post he claims that there are "technical difficulties" with the store and says "I've sent you a quick PM, and we'll be happy to get you taken care of manually while we're working out the technical glitches." In my opinion, the post was completely innocuous and in fact, more politely worded than the netduino post that stayed un-deleted. Pretty much any mention of Agent or commitments to this community get deleted there. Admittedly, they are off-topic for a netduino forum, but it still seems to me to be an overly aggressive effort to jettison Agent commitments and realities. If he were responsive here, people wouldn't feel the need to go off-topic there. As for the twitter stream, totally makes me sick. I was able to observe the inner workings closer than most and it just doesn't ring true for me at all. It was a failed relationship for sure, but putting the blame on HoH like that is a total distortion of reality in my opinion and, even if it were true, it ignores the the fact that CW failed to address the issue and drive the project forward in a timely and responsible manner. @David Murphy - GREAT idea! Lets keep the pressure on CW everywhere we can!! <url>"store," Secret Labs might as well just file for bankruptcy. If the FTC will not look at Secret Labs now for alleged fraud/misuse of funds, they will definitely look into it for bait and switch. So, please do, Chris Walker. :) June 30th has come and gone. So not only do we not have a watch, but the "store" that would let us exchange our watch that never happened to netduino stuff (that was likely made from our watch components) never materialized. Surprise, surprise, surprise. Does FTC take into consideration that you must be a local or US resident in order to file a complaint? @Michael W, feel free to use what I posted here, which just barely fit: <url>#comment-10144859 Re: FTC complaint form - Can anybody provide the verbiage used for "comments" that fit the 3500 character limit? Or, did you guys just use the first paragraph provided on the OneDrive link? Thanks! "The Secret Labs gift store will open on 30-Jun-2015. " So where is it Creator? @creator Please advise address for legal service. Or just give me a full refund. Just want to go on record publicly (should things escalate to the FTC) that I'd like a refund. I'm very disappointed with how this all turned out. Just want to go on record publicly (should things escalate to the FTC) that I'd like a refund. I'm very disappointed with how this all turned out. Thanks to the American backers for doing what Daniel Chang suggests. Now your Supreme Court has again supported health care reform and legalised gay marriage, maybe they'll have a look at Kickstarter ;) An update on my Apple watch <url>"The Secret Labs gift store will open on 30-Jun-2015. " So hows that gift store coming along CW? Gonna have more excuses for that too? Obviously, best case scenario for Chris Walker is to deliver on the watch, with his "minimum standard" of a 7 day battery life, but... Once again guys, unless Chris Walker has a change of heart, which is to give us a refund, your best hope to get anything back is through the FTC and your states' district attorneys. There are suspicions that Chris Walker divested funds made for the Agent into other things. So ask the FTC to look into Chris's financials. That's the only way we could know if he did. Also against the law is Chris Walker baiting and switching us into backing a watch and offering us coupons for unwanted Netduino parts instead. If Secret Labs doesn't have the money to offer us refund in full, the FTC will try to liquidate Secret Lab's inventory to offer us our refunds. So demand justice. Send Chris Walker our regards by reporting him to the FTC and your states' district attorneys. @PB - I have no idea can I just get the refund please? had 'nuff of waiting and just want the refund so I can put this sorry saga behind... @Daniel, isn't there any news from Chris? I'm waiting for several years now. It should be finished by now ;) @Alex at this point the quickest "road to our wrist" is through here: <url>"couldn't finish the job and deliver the product" @Frank - the big difference there is that the CST-01 had some huge engineering and manufacturing hurdles to overcome. Lots of challenges with thinness o components, fiddly curves, and custom assembly processes. None of that (IMHO) is present in the Agent design. The electronic movement was a new design, but supposedly that was all worked out before the campaign, and the rest of the engineering and manufacturing was all stuff someone had done before. I really think Agent is just a failure to get the job done - not a matter of being overwhelmed by any particular technical challenge. @Martin Calsyn What does "who just couldn't close escrow and deliver" mean @Matthew Searle I just got my Pebble Time last Friday as well. Love the watch so far. But I really really need a heartrate sensor and waiting on the smartbands to arrive. Currently, I'm wearing Pebble Time on one wrist and a Fitbit Charge HR on the other. The Pebble Time is surprisingly the one I could use in a swimming pool... Yay - my smart watch arrived yesterday and it's awesome. Clearly it's a Pebble Time (who managed to design, build, market, and ship $20 million worth in a couple of months) rather than this joke project, but at least I have something now! We are not alone... <url>"law firm" listed on the letters? I DID! Guess what, Doug picks up the phone! When I politely asked about the status of the project/creator/company, he simply said I should contact them directly! Not surprising, he wouldn't give any info. However, maybe others should call him!! Lets put pressure anywhere we can!! From what we know now, the Risk and Challenges, Timeline, and Road to Your Wrist sections on the campaign are filled with so much bullshit, lies, and misinformation that it's really hard to defend that Chris Walker wasn't already scamming us from the start. If I had known the true state of the project, I wouldn't have backed this. @Martin Maybe I am a little more pessimistic, but it's hard to fathom how there were any issues with things such as the watch straps. There are thousands of companies that make watch bands, and as long as the case was a standard width, there is no reason a suitable band could not have been sourced. Ironically, the band should have been sourced last, since the band would be somewhat dependent on the watch case. I think the watch strap was a planned delay tactic. Also, do you remember the caseback he tried to pawn off on us? It looked liked a flat piece of acrylic with four screws stuck in it. For pete's sake, the caseback didn't even have countersunk holes for the screws. That type of crude manufacturing is fine at the initial stages of design, but totally unacceptable for a project that was supposed to be ready to go to production. I appreciate your optimism, but I really think this project was a scam from the start. Either that, or it totally derailed immediately after funding. Hey, you're a celebrity Martin! I just wish the article could talk more about the Agent. Nice one Martin - although (as I have said) that Chris Walker didn't start out to screw us over I do believe that this is no longer the case. He has had plenty of chances to do the right thing but arrogance, lack of PM ability and the temptation of diverting funds seemed to be too much. Chris Walker is a scumbag in my view and should never be entertained by Microsoft again. i would like a refund or i will file with FTC sorry i guess i was a little late. someone beat me to it. but that shows you how uninterested i am about this failed project at this stage. hey guys here is an interesting article about a failed kickstarter campaign that was a little murky. <url>"review process" is, I believe, non-existent and Chris Walker would have kindly brought your comment to Kickstarter's attention. The fact that CW last logged in a fortnight ago is immaterial as anyone can read these comments without logging in. Yeah - my bad. It was done innocently enough (and the same info has appeared here multiple times, even within a few posts of my own), but it is against the rules and whatever slipshod half-baked review process they use, noticed it. I agree with KS's call on this - I just wish that they would apply moderation evenly or not at all. And, it was embarrassing because although I meant no harm to anyone (accountability, yes; harm, no), I should have reviewed my post and realized that I was unintentionally crossing the line. Wearables and Crowdfunding are a couple things I care about these days. The biggest risk to crowdfunding is the reputational damage caused by failed projects like this. I care about that because it affects the viability, risk and return of future crowdfunding investments that I might want to make. KS-based funding offers less safety than traditional investing (which has strict reporting requirements) and stores (which have buyer protection plans). KS will have to address that or someone else is going to come in and eat their lunch. Martyn's post contained information about secretlabs.com, Chris's email on secretlabs.com, and Secret Labs LLC's Delaware entity. If I recall correctly. What was in Martyns post that warranted deletion? email <email> please with details. The FTC doesn't investigate for foreigners especially brits but as I have said before I am willing to pay to ensure Chris Walker is brought down a peg or two. I agree with Martyn that he didn't set out to screw over the backers and HoH. However, on the evidence it feels like he is screwing us over. He is a scumbag in my book. He doesn't deserve wealth or success. He deserves pain and regret. Claude, see the directions I've provided and submit a complaint to the FTC. Because we have no way of knowing, let's ask the FTC to look into whether Chris Walker used the funds for Agent to other things, such as Netduino 3, an assembly/manufacturing/maker space for Netduino 3, and his NYC West End apartment. How to file a FTC Consumer Protection Complaint: <url>s Bureau of Consumer Protection, said in a statement. But consumers should able to trust their money will actually be spent on the project they funded. @Daniel Chang Noted, thank you for the clarification. Wow, why did they remove @Martin's comment? @Kickstarter takes the time to remove a comment from Martin, but can't seem to get Chris Walker to get his act together. @PB Thanks for the instruction. FTC Complaint filed. >> Be respectful and considerate. What about Chris Walker being respectful and considerate to our support, huh? @Rod - My understanding, from chatting with someone involved in the video, is that it was a working prototype using original electronics. The case may have been glued together and the software may have been a scripted demo, but the pitch was based on genuine prototype hardware. Personally, I do not believe there was any bad intent at the outset of the project - just that project management was lacking and the whole thing came off the rails over time. FTC complaint filed. Let's hope if they are willing to fine a project that only brought in 100k they would love to go after 1 million. This user's account has been deleted. One of the many things that still bothers me about this project are all of the supposed "pictures" of the Agent. No one has ever explained how Chris managed to created a prototype that supposedly functioned well enough before the campaign kicked off, then required a complete and total redesign after Chris collected A MILLION DOLLARS! Is it possible he took the guts of a Pebble, or other fitness tracker, and then stuffed them into a modified HOH case? In hindsight, every step of this project was faked. There is simply no other explanation as to why this project is such a massive failure. Baskanavitch it's not "you people." It's just Chris Walker. Lawrence of HoH has been open and honest with us. He can't post here because Chris Walker sent him a letter from his lawyer. So only blame Chris Walker for his lies and utter bullshit. R E F U N D What a scam. Going to file an FTC complaint after this comment is posted. You people should be ashamed, but I know you aren't. Your "update" emails are a joke as well. Two years of updates on case design? Yeah, we've got some real engineering wizards here. As for the "respectful and considerate" requirement: this is 100% respectful and considerate, going by what I and (I'm sure) many others would actually like to say. FTC complaint filed. I'm sure Chris is busy spending the rest of our money, but at least the FTC can make his life and shady business practices a little more difficult. Check the laws of your country. Maybe now that the US Government has said that consumers are still protected in FinTech in cases of misrepresentation and misuse of money, other free societies will follow suit. So I would also try your country's consumer protection agency if you have one. Just to second @Phil Lancelotte does anyone know what possible legal action backers outside of the US can pursue? Particularly the UK 1. Make sure to file complaint with FTC following these instructions <url>"kickstarter is not a store" bullshit... Sure, it's not a store in the traditional sense, but it doesn't make it okay for you to scam, bait and switch, and misrepresent the state of the project in the campaign story. To top it off, there is suspensions of funneling money to other non-agent related projects, including building a factory/assembly space for building netduino 3 boards. Chris Walker may say he build it for Agent, but really? When did he actually expect that agents are going to be built. What is the possibility that Chris Walker had intended on building that factory space in the time that he did for the mass assembly of netduino 3? That's what I want the FTC to find out. According to this article <url># The scammer got away because he blew the money before the FTC got him so... I'd start calling your bank or credit card company to request a refund. Please keep this link rolling <url>"factory space" for assembling the watches once everything is ready. The pictures he included in the updates show something that resembles a single small room, and he had to install lights, electrical outlets, and carpet in it. It is entirely unclear why he needed to get the room so long before he was ready to assemble any watches and why he needed to install everything himself. It is quite possible that this is another way to create more unnecessary expenses. g) During the duration of this project, the creator has been actively working on other projects while this crowdfunded project makes no progress. So he's spending time that he should be spending on fulfilling the project deliverables, and he's possibly wasting backer money on his other projects. Related to the Agent smart watch, he has worked on what he called Agent 2.0 which is both new software and new hardware. He's basically already spending time on designing a new watch even though this one is not complete. He also is very active on his "Netduino" project. h) Technology in smart watches moves quickly. Even if the creator does eventually come through, at this point it looks like it will be >24 months late and will be obsolete by software and hardware standards. He has already purchased components so there is no way to update the hardware. I'm hoping this means besides being a piss poor excuse for a human being and business owner, CW's assets are fair game. Let's hope the karma gods are on our side. Let the web investigation commence. I just got an interesting note back from the State of New Hampshire regarding my small claims action... Apparently Secret Labs LLC is not a properly registered NY Company. Can anyone shed any light on this? How would someone outside the US make a claim, is it the same process or are we all at sea with this one? I've put Daniel Chang's instructions on pastebin. Anyone who has completed a complaint should write a comment and pass the instruction along so that we get this going on don't lose it in the chain. Here it is: <url>"Internet Payment Services" because it was Amazon Payments. The company did not contact you so leave the next 3 fields blank. Company Representative is CHRIS WALKER. And title is CEO. 7. Company name is Secret Labs LLC. Address is 174 W 4th St #207, New York, NY 10014. Company email is <email>. Website is www.netduino.com 8. Fill your information. 9. Tell your story. This is where you describe this Kickstarter scam and mention FinTech. 10. Submit! <url>"Internet Services, Online Shopping, or Computers" 3. Select sub-category "Internet Services" (Yes, that's what the FTC told me) 4. Select "Other website issues" (Yes, again, that's what the FTC told me) 5. Then follow the rest of the directions. Link to the document on the misrepresentations: <url> comment on the creators profile on the crowdfunding site. I've filed a complaint to the FTC mentioning "FinTech." I've almost attached the document that I written that breaks down the misrepresentations on the campaign story. Hopefully, that would bring some justice to all the people Secret Labs scammed. I like to see how Chris Walker could explain how the original timeline isn't a clear misrepresentation! ah, there it is. (found the update). Remember: The Secret Labs gift store will open on 30-Jun-2015 I'd contribute, too. Were we not supposed to get (choice of) some 'netduino' type stuff made from the agent dried-out-electronics by now? <url>`Chris Walker one day. I plan to make a small movie of it. But it won't happen as I'm renovating my house, doing business stuff and generally filling my life. Next year though is looking good. @Daniel, I'll have my people get back to your people :) Wow it's been a while since I was here. Seems like I pledged for some awful movie plot about a scam. \p/ Did someone wrote a summary over the past few months? Really hard to keep up. Way too sad how this goes. But hey, maybe this watch will be worth a shitload of money, you know, limited edition, took 5 years for production. Awesome. Or maybe we get our own assemble kit one day. "Build your Agent in 1 year, all you need is some faith, more money and the god damn strap" Hey, Roma! Buy mine too! :) @Creator, For the record, you owe me 5 watches or $925. I backed one (silly me) and bought four from other backers (stupid me). Here are the deals which I detailed fully to you in an mail on 28 April 2014 and PM on 10 September 2014. Roma, original pledge, $214 Kevin, 9/11/2013, $199 John, 24/11/2013, $149 Dino, 28/1/2014, $164 Joe Minnella, 28/1/2014, $199 Stump up! Glad to see somebody else is taking the legal route. Unfortunately small claims only covers a single person, but maybe it will provide some encourage for Chris to start handing out refunds to people who request them. I'm also filing a small claims in California. Very easy to do. I imagine it is the same in every State. If people from every State did this, over the next few months. either Chris will be busy paying lots of lawyer fees in lots of different States. To me, it is worth another $100 of my money to ensure this asshat doesn't scam anyone else. @snaconst excellent detective work I'm some how not surprised that the lawyer is from Utah. The "project manager" was also from Utah. A while back when I was doing some digging on Chris I believe I found references to Chris previously living in Utah as well as being a BYU alumni. I'm traveling or I would dig up the reference. Perhaps another BYU alumni could dig up some better contact info on Chris? If Chris is a practicing Mormon perhaps we can appeal to his church since nothing else seems to work. Half joking. @kevin chris has already been selling what he purchased with our money, havnt you seen the new netduino products The only thing they could get HOH on would probably be any violations of an NDA, but all they've done is told us their side of the story when Chris puts all the blame on them. Chris should just admit he's in over his head on this project, sell whatever he's bought for the project and give back the remaining money. The watch looks so outdated now it's not even funny. Yeah, Lawrence hasn't done any slander or libel against Chris, but that last update certainly did a lot of those against HOH. I, and I'm sure a lot of others, would be willing to chip in $5, $10, or even $20 for legal action against him to get any of our million back. @ Hilary Wyckoff, I will gladly post updates here as legal actions in New Hampshire are a matter of public record. I will tell you it apparently takes 2-4 weeks just for the case to be docketed and then the defendant served. @Douglas, how can I be sure to get your updates for any course of action? Is there a way to PM you? @Douglas. I'm also in Australia and would also be willing to make a contribution if it looks like this course of action could get somewhere Go Douglas go! Hi Douglas, that's great good on you; I'm happy to make a contribution, I'm in Australia so powerless to do anything from here. I should be hearing from Chris or his lawyer pretty soon, I just filed a small claims suit in New Hampshire. Well worth the $90 for some entertainment! What a mess! :( Thats interesting. On the one side you could think that its your word against his (or SL against HoH) - because as bystander we dont have access to the full communication between the involved parties, cant see the workflows, parts ect. But judging on the evidence we can see, one party has taken a lot on itself to communicate with us  whereas the other has time after time failed to deliver any useable information, shut down ways to communicate or even threatened the person which wanted to help. The pinnacle of this is the letter of the SL lawyer. Slander & libel? Are you serious? A few calm, in most cases wording the astonishment towards the no-reactions of the other side, comments on Kickstarter? Would be fun to even see you prove Mindy is in fact Lawrence  juristically. In my opinion, based on the things I see, you Chris Walker of Secret Labs, are a Liar and you will threaten and lie as if there was no tomorrow to keep up your sad charade just one minute longer. Lawrence@HOH we know that Chris Walker is a liar - i dont believe a word he says - i filed paperwork with the AG of NY - chris i believe in karma - its going to come back to you 1million fold - good luck with that. i will back any lawsuit against CW - Thanks Lawrence@HOH for your update. My hope of this watch is gone. Any suggestion that I can file a complaint as a backer overseas? My suggestion would be that Chris Walker (hereon known as Canute 1 ) has libelled Lawrence. If I was Lawrence I would sue. I would pay Lawrence to sue the miserable, lame Chris and his identity crisis company Dear Chris, Please send me my leather strap (for my Pebble Time), and the eInk paper display from my backing so I can use it with my other electronic protokits. I just want the most valuable pieces. You can keep the rest of this crap. Signed, Lucky if I even got that much. Yes, continue to give us crap updates and working on apps for a mobile OS that has 3% market share. What's next? A Blackberry app? A WebOS app? How about a Symbian app? Stop wasting time on writing apps for devices that nobody uses and just refund us our money. Hi Chris, I'm sorry Chris, but you have lost grasp of reality here by sending this letter to HOH. If I was them I would sue back in a heart beat, knowing there is 1M$ prize at the end. Buy not providing ideal conditions (regular meeting, physical internal artefact, review/change log) to HOH to provide a reference design, you are directly responsible for the delays. You are a joke, not because HOH publicly exposed you. But because you are incapable to understand what is required to deliver AGENT001. BTW, we don't need HOH to expose you, 2 years of miss communication and false pretences damaged your reputation, HOH marely confirming what we all suspected. You are the one that needs to apologies to all the backers, to HOH for miss direction. I still want a refund. Regards, Just read the letter... I really enjoy reading page 2, quite the baby cry from someone unable to understand he is directly the cause this failure. @Creator, stop being a bully, shut up and show us how good really are by actually showing real progress. Looking at the lawyer, everything looks a tad suspicious: Manta: Phone number is correct, address is for Lexington Law in Utah, which he is not a part of, or at least not anymore. Lexington Law looks to specialize in credit services. In this site, he is classified as a real estate attorney. <url>"official" letterhead. It looks more like grandstanding to intimidate LL into compliance, without having any teeth. So ridiculous, the whole update is a load of garbage trying to save face. I wonder who CW thinks he's fooling anymore.... i will contribute to any action. surely some lawyer would take up a case if he could keep most of any settlement? Great to hear Lawrence again. I don't really care about the reward now as much as I do about him, HoH and justice at this point. We could always get a project up on Indiegogo to fund this. I'm only half joking. Or we get someone to be the bagman - hold the contributions and farm out money to claimants in the various states to cover their filing fees. I'd be happy to do it but I can't operate in foreign (US) currency. See: <url>"regularly do business" in a state? The courts are actively discussing this issue, and different judges have different opinions, but here are some basic guidelines: (end quote) YMMV and IANAL, but this would appear to mean that filing in your local US small claims court should be possible, because SL routinely does direct-sales internet business in each state. Now, what the KS involvement means is probably not clear to anyone, but I would guess that faced with an onslaught of small claims cases in every state would command a bit more respect, attention and clarity from the soon-to-be-defendant. Anyway, for anyone willing to spend the filing and service fees, I would think you could file and use the atty on record in Lawrence's paper for the purpose of service-of-notice. You're going to spend a little money doing this, but I am guessing that there are more than a few of us willing to do so. @Martin, Brilliant! Who will step up now? I'm not in that city/state/country so can't be me. Happy to contribute $. Gosh, I wrote and deleted so much here... Anyway, the one positive development recently is the letter to Lawrence from Chris' attorney. Why? Because in that letterhead you now have concrete contact information for a place where legal service might be made on Chris. I am not a lawyer and can't be certain, but I would think that this means that this lawyer has established himself as legal representation for SL/Chris and you don't have to find Chris personally. You can serve notice on his lawyer. Which to me, seems like a fine course of action. Second what roma wrote. holy crap, is that letter a joke? Hey for $149 I can get a Moto 360.....and it comes with a strap and charger. Too bad it's not compatible with an iPhone 4s and Android 2.3.......Motorola will probably be releasing the gen. 2 360 shortly, so now Agent will be even more worthless. <url>brand) is not. Our site is alive and kicking just like I am! I am always reachable via email <email> and I respond to all of my emails. Secondly, I want to share the love note Chris Walker from Secret Labs is referring to in his latest update. Please see the links below to view the letter dated April 6th 2015 so that you can clearly see how Chris Walker contacted HOH about those 30 days. SL -> HOH P.1 <url> Secret Labs! I wish you all the best, Lawrence Leyderman HOH Watches @Daniel, I get that. But our money is paying for it. Don't worry about the assembly space Chris has build for Agent. He had always mean for it to be his Netduino assembly space in the first place. You think he's build that room months ago believing that the Agent is almost ready to assemble, or had he gotten another plan all alone? Use your logic. @Ben, in my case I could end up with FIVE shit overpriced watches or fuck all. @Simon, not to mention that Chris inserted a project manager into the "team"; the guy was inconveniently based in Utah; Chris refused to communicate with Lawrence directly because he thought Lawrence was a precious artistic type; all communications went through the project manager who had no authority; Lawrence introduced Chris to Neiman Marcus as a potential large scale commercial customer to track their employees' activities; etc. From what I know, the breakdown in the relationship was much much more down to Chris than Lawrence and I wish Lawrence well in his new watch business. Chris is in way over his head and this project is bringing out the worst in him. His highly controlling style has killed this project. He trusts no-one but because he didn't know what he didn't know, we're all paying the price for him to come up to speed on physical watch peaking principles, all the while keeping his netduino day job going. Meanwhile our electronic components are sitting in a drying cabinet becoming more redundant as every month passes and our money is going on the rent being paid for the accommodation Chris leased to build our dinosaurs. HoH is still up and working and running as a business despite everything. Lawrence is a tough cookie who got caught out by a piece of scum. He has no doubt learnt many many business lessons - the main one being "Do some due diligence before signing contracts" I hope he can move on despite Chris Walkers best attempts. He deserves to do well. Just for avoidance of doubt - HoH were between a rock and a hard place. Chris set up a convoluted design process that meant that HoH never had all the parts needed to go in the watch. They had to design stuff, send it off to Chris to test and he would feed back. They made it known they had concerns about the pusher contacts but were ignored until Chris realised he needed a contacts design for his board (despite this being pretty obvious to anyone who has opened the back of a CASIO watch). On Kickstarter despite being on the header Chris refused to give Lawrence admin access to the project and then threatened him with court action for posting what was really going on. This is all public record here. The farce over the watch straps was possibly the most telling. Chris obsessed about tiny details that can be sorted out but were constantly stalled. Of course we also had the incident of him sending someone to the Hong Kong trade show to try and do deals behind HoHs back. Chris is arrogant and a control freak in my opinion. He set HoH up to fail in my opinion and I am more than willing to make a statement to that effect.He prefers lawyers letters to sensible face to face meetings. Two years after the project started is he likely to have changed? My guess is this "update" is designed to try and strengthen his actions. He is a giant **** on so many levels and he has spent your money. Like most **** he is also appears to be a coward because instead of taking responsibility for his actions he is blaming a fall guy for everything. One whose only mistake was being excited about a Kickstarter project. I am peaceful man but I would love to see Chris get everything he truly deserves. He gives business a bad name. He is the Sepp Blatter of smart watches, I filed months ago with NYAG via <url>"rings" true, I don't believe any of it. So, Chris is now going to use HoH as his scapegoat. Gee, didn't see that coming. /sarcasm Oh yeah, and how is it that Chris couldn't get a friggin standard 22mm strap figured out in 2 years, but blames the entire failure on the case from HoH? P.S. 2 years ago, the looks of this watch wasn't bad. It only had the Pebble to contend with. But now! This thing looks like complete and utter garbage next to my Moto 360. You could all end up with a 5hit overpriced smart watch or you could end up with fu*k all either way this is a total rip off The World's dumbest watch that never came to market. Hey, I made a funny. There is now a thing called a Dumb Watch. Assholes, and another useless update about nothing. +1 Lawrence was open with us on everything. Chris Walker is not. I don't believe Chris Walker one bit. He's a total liar and scam artist. Ralph Wiggum Blame HoH all you want Chris, but EVERYONE here knows you are the sole reason for the failure of Agent. Your unwillingness to deal more openly with backers, shutting down Lawrence's attempts to reach out to backers and your laughable updates of little value speaks volumes about your incompetence and dishonesty. I don't think HoH is closed, their Facebook page is still active and I can still buy a watch on their website. It looks like their showroom closed but it still seems like they are still in business. Thanks for the awesome and informative update Chris! It's really appreciated and I can see that you definitely care about this project and it's Backers! Agent is going to be amazballs! hahahahaaa oh shit that hurt my soul a bit... See how easy it is to lie and spew garbage on the internet? It's super easy and it only hurt my soul a little bit. Chris doesn't have a conscience or soul so he is like a semi-pro at doing this. How anyone still buys into and believes any of this guy's bullshit is beyond me... Chris, you worthless piece of shit, come clean on your failures and refund what's left of our money. And for fuck sake, stop blaming everyone else for your failure... it's pathetic. Any beatings you may ever receive from now until your demise will be wholly deserved. Karma is a ****, I hope she always haunts you. another bogus update. how long will this a-hole maintain this charade? this guy is the reason i no longer back crowd funding projects. Follow-up after looking at their website: It looks like they closed a showroom, but they're still in business online. Did HOH close last year? I don't remember seeing anything about that from when they gave information about their end. One of the problems Chris has is his arrogance. He thinks the backers are idiots. This means he is sloppy at lying. The latest update is typical of Chris using a fragment of truth to produce a whole heap of rubbish. I'm seeing some "new" names below. If you're a backer and asking for a refund complain to Kickstarter, contact the press etc etc. Do something. One thing that won't happen is a refund though unless someone can take this pathetic excuse of a "creator" to court. Chris loves lawyers so why not someone give him a taste of his own medicine? Wow... blaming HOH for your problems, it's not like we didn't see this one coming. 2 years in the making. 2 years to blame the only guy that was providing updates. Why wait 2 years if this was really the show stopper? Answer, it wasn't, you are. Next you will fire yourself and blame yourself? Pathetic. @Craig easy on the MSFT and Windowsphone bashing. You knew from the start he was a MSFT fan boy. WindowsPhone isn't the issue here. In case they don't read the update comments...reposting here... --------------------------------------------- Well, we are now a full TWO years since you originally received our MILLION DOLLAR crowd funding effort. Estimated Delivery: December 2013...what a farcical fabrication. As others have alluded to or outright stated already, the excuses in this "update" are simply evasionary tactics to draw heat from the fact that you've failed and blown all of our money on who knows what. Bad decisions driven by folks without the necessary skills to see such an endeavor to completion... "Compatible with iPhone 4S or newer, Android 2.3+ and Windows Phone 8." The above is a direct quote from the campaign page. This shows the age...iPhone 4S? We've had 5, 5S, 6, and 6+ released since. Android 2.3? We are now past Android 5! Windows Phone??? REALLY!?!?!? Short of being a "Micro$oft Shop" because of your Netduino stuff, I can't fathom why you would be wasting your time on a DEAD eco-system and OS. Seriously! Combined, Android and iOS now command 96.1% (and continuing a steady climb) of the smartphone market as of the beginning of this year. Windows Phone NEVER had a respectable chunk of the market...and a proper development shop would never start with nor continue putting its critical development resources into a dead platform to satisfy a mere handful of backers. It just doesn't make ANY strategic or financial sense. This is just one example of the bad decisions and poor leadership that are representative of the folks running this project and running away with our good faith investment. As a backer of more than 600 projects, this one will definitely end up in the SHAMEFUL column. p.s. Please convert my $199 into the equivalent amount of Netduinos (latest edition AT COST) and forward them my way. This will be the only "reward" that stands a chance at becoming reality. Thanks. Wasn't there an update a year ago about the parts in the warehouse having problems with corrosion and thus ... something? One excuse after another and no light at the end of the tunnel. Can you at least send me a Qi charger? Oh yeah, but the spec for those has since moved on as well, so it probably won't work for anything either. Damn I hate that you ruined Kickstarter for me. And even that is not true, because I backed Exploding Kittens. At least from that I'm getting a laugh and not heartburn thinking about my "investment". Please just cut losses, safe face, and offer refunds. I would rather receive a partial refund than this POS watch. Hopefully and the best and most positive outcome would be to offer refunds for those who want them, my patience ran out when the v 2.0 product was launched, I'm a proud owner of the Microsoft Band and backed AGENT because it was going to be great and if launched even last year would have been fine, can accept there are delays but it's clear there's more reasons to have the option to get money back on this, hopefully that will be added! Blame HoH all you want Chris, but EVERYONE here knows you are the sole reason for the failure of Agent. Your unwillingness to deal more openly with backers, shutting down Lawrence's attempts to reach out to backers and your laughable updates of little value speaks volumes about your incompetence and dishonesty. Refund me, please. Vaporware Refund please It has gotten to the point now where I would simply like a refund, I have sat here patiently waiting for an awful long time now and I don't see a product coming for many more months. I have sent PM and Emails and none have been returned, could you please advise on the refund process as the project does seem to be inordinately delayed. It really is pretty amazing how so much attention and effort can go into Chris's real project, yet he just realizes after several years that the case designer can't do the work they were contracted for. Interesting timelines on the update and netduino 3 release. Pretty clear where this million bucks went.... Microsoft Band 2 coming soon. I might buy that. Frankly, I don't care about this Windows Phone stuff because this platform sucks, where's the watch? Or refund? Thanks Nathaniel WTF are you doing creating an app for a PoS watch that doesn't even have a near final design so many years down the road. I think it's time for a full refund of all backers, or a simple class-action lawsuit. @Creator on the 5 February update you said the Secret Labs store will open on 30 June 2015. Did anybody believe you? @Ruth Jones Chris's personal feed is @chrisdwalker What is Chris's Twitter feed? Have a laugh or a tear: <url>"Sorry about the problems on HoH collaboration." No surprise there. No, there is nothing we can do about it. No, this piece of sh&% will never be made responsible for this disaster. The only solution would be to "visit" him. Guys, Chris moniters his tweeter feed closely, he actually answers. Just saying. @ystein: No need to wait for their response. I can already give it to you: Thanks for updating me about this situation, and Im sorry to hear that this has not been a better experience for you and other backers of the AGENT project. I do see that we've reached out to this creator in the past to remind them of their obligations, as well as our expectations regarding communication. I'm sorry they haven't yet responded to you and other members of their backer community. If you feel as though this creator has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, wed appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback Form. We'll be sure to take your experience into consideration as we evaluate the policies and procedures that we have in place. Thanks again for your cooperation and for being an active member of the Kickstarter community. Sent this to kickstarter: Hi I realy love kickstarter, but you seriously have to fix or comment this issue somehow!!! <url>ystein Becker oysteinbecker at gmail.com Friends, let us pause and take a moment to think of our million parts left hanging around in a drying cabinet rubbing shoulders with each other, their true potential unfulfilled. Sigh. Should we donate these relics to the Smithsonian? LOL! Looks like the straps and the pushers delays took longer than getting the Light Film Guide working. And by straps and pushers delays, I actually think it means OS development delay, companion apps development delay, and outright I-am-using-Agent-money-to-support-my-main-business-and-pay-for-my-west-end-apartment-and-not-actually-develop-a-smartwatch "delay." So much for switching to traditional backlighting to try to deliver quicker! Chris, I've solved the pusher and strap problems for you. A Digital Crown and Milanese Loop will do the trick. Plenty of light guide film out there nowadays too <url>#tab_building_detail=4 holy shit.. seriously? this watch has now become the new Duke Nukem vaporware product. well the good thing (if there is a good thing related to this kickstarter) is that i no longer ever back watches on kickstarter... @Chris Jutting, I liked this status update from the link: July 15th, 2010 ASSIGNED TO LIE So I think I may have found CW's actual address. Was doing some searching and found his company name registration and was tied to this address... 10 Downing St Apt 4X in New York, NEW YORK <url>#$ng piece of Sh$%! I hope you had a great time with my money mother fu#$er. I really wonder if you're just a total, worthless failure, or if you planned this all along. Truth is, I just as mad at myself for being such a sucker. I still want my refund! Since the Agent has been completely overtaken by Android Wear, the Apple Watch, and even the Pebble Time, and since Chris is loathe to discuss any forward momentum on the project or give out refunds, I think it's only fair that he buys the Android Wear, Apple Watch, or Pebble of each backer's choice. I personally will take a 42mm Apple Watch Edition in yellow gold with the classic buckle. Thanks! @Tom, good catch!! Yup both KS and the creator should be ashame. I backed 2 projects, this one and the Dash (Bragi). As much as this project as been a pain. The other one (late as well) as been an example of clear communication and positive backer feedback. But I will never back a project again. @Roger Jakobsson That would be nice but Chris would never expose himself like that. @Tom Pauwels. It's still showing in the results for me with "agent watch" as the search string. I echo your sentiments though. Chris Walker has done a pathetic job with this project. The whole pitch was a lie and there is no way to hold him accountable. His lack of transparency and "commitment" to this project is laughable at best Did you also notcied that the Agent Smart Watch project is no longer showing up in the Kickstarter search results? I gues Kickstarter doesn't want the rest of world to know about the complete failure of this project and makes it as hard as possible to find this project if you are not a backer. In my opinion Kickstarter is as much to blame the the creator (scammer) of this project by just taking the money and then do nothing is the shit hits the fan. This will be my last Kickstarter project I will ever back and I will also advice my friends and family to do the same... Would be nice with an AMA on Reddit with the @Creator ... @steven .. what you cant imagine how great your life would be with IPV6 bluetooth ??? this is a joke ! Come on Chris, if we can pretend to still care about this project you can still pretend to post updates. How's the super important IPv6 bluetooth stack coming along?? They haven't even got the watch straps I hate to say I told you so, but when the whole bullshit about the Light Film Guide came down, we had a list of questions that is still largely unanswered to this day. Heck, we still haven't seen a demo with companion apps on a phone yet... Happy anniversary everyone! Two years since this project launched. Two fucking years. Want a laugh? Read this from the first update written on launch day: >> Now that we've met the funding goal, some backers have asked "what about stretch goals?" This creates a bit of a paradox: how do we make a no-compromise smartwatch even better? We've discussed this a lot. Compromising the delivery schedule is not an option; but with all the extra funds, we want to make AGENT even better.>> Yes indeed, we can't have the delivery schedule compromised, can we! I am very dismayed by the severe lack of honesty about where the project is up to. Instead of the smoke and mirror updates about software junk - how about the creator fronts up about exactly where the project is up to. @Creator, For the record, you owe me 5 watches or $925. I backed one (silly me) and bought four from other backers (stupid me). Here are the deals which I detailed fully to you in an mail on 28 April 2014 and PM on 10 September 2014. Roma, original pledge, $214 Kevin, 9/11/2013, $199 John, 24/11/2013, $149 Dino, 28/1/2014, $164 Joe Minnella, 28/1/2014, $199 Stump up! Incredible close to 2 months since an update not that they are relevant Shouldn't the title to this Kick-non-Starter be renamed? "AGENT: The world's biggest scam in wearables" So it's funny, I was at the Bay Area Maker Faire this month, and I talked to some of the Microsoft people about the Netduino/Chris Walker and Agent smartwatch. They were all too well aware of the community tension as I criticized them for letting netmf decay, asking them what they intended to do about it. At least they assured that they're taking steps to have more active involvement in netmf, but I can't help but wonder if the damage is already done. Yeh but Chris has to collect his mail sooner or later  John L hate to disappoint you but the address is a Mailbox NYC. Basically a PO Box. Let pay him a visit... Secret Labs LLC 174 W 4th St #207 New York, NY 10014 @Dennis... the real question is: Any creator?? @Creator Any update? @ Chris you logged intoday care to say a word? or better yet do a Q and A on the comments? Here's my answer: With all your respect, the feedback form is a dead end. I used it in the past with no results. Let me put it this way, I will not back any other project on Kickstarter again, I'm making sure I to pass the word everywhere I can (Social Network and others). We are not talking about a tiny project here.... OVER 1 000 000$ was given to this individual. And Again, it is not the fact that he didn't deliver yet that infuriates the backers, it is total lack of communication and proof of progress. And when you do remind him, he puts out some minimalistique update just to meet YOUR requirements. YOU (Kickstarter) failed as much as he does on this.... I got the typical & depressing answer from Kickstarter: hanks for updating me about this situation, and Im sorry to hear that this has not been a better experience for you and other backers of the AGENT project. I do see that we've reached out to this creator in the past to remind them of their obligations, as well as our expectations regarding communication. I'm sorry they haven't yet responded to you and other members of their backer community. If you feel as though this creator has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, wed appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback Form. We'll be sure to take your experience into consideration as we evaluate the policies and procedures that we have in place. Thanks again for your cooperation and for being an active member of the Kickstarter community. Here the link to the form: <url>"remember don't libel as Chris likes going to the lawyers like a pathetic coward" I see what you did there Vile and Evil use the same letters...hmmmm Stop asking for refunds - You won't receive them unless you get off your arse and do something. Chris Walker is a vile excuse of a human being that doesn't deserve to be in "business" Want to get some payback? Here are some ideas. 1) Create a website calling Chris Walker and Secret Labs out - remember don't libel as Chris likes going to the lawyers like a pathetic coward 2) Leave reviews for Netduino products. This is his cash cow. Thousands of sad geeks buy his boards but if your review questions the integrity of someone who takes a million bucks and fails at every step to deliver then perhaps we can persuade some geeks to buy the Arduino boards instead 3) Sleep with his wife 4) Keep on at Kickstarter. He HATES posting updates (and hey Chris we know why don't we?) and KS sometimes tell him to post when they get loads of complaints. 5) Find us a New York Lawyer. I would forego any award made and give it to a lawyer who would take a risk on this. 6) Make a 20 second video on what you think of Secret Labs and Chris Walker and post it on YouTube 7) Take over AGENTISDEAD and see if you can improve on the number of actual responses I did I have delayed my trip to NY due to business commitments but I will be there next year with video camera for a expose of Secret Labs and Chris Walker. Please refund my pledge. It's unbelievable, who can someone get away with taking thousands from us Something needs to be done As much as it saddens me to say this but everyone needs to come to the understanding that we will not get a watch or a refund. Our money has gone. We will not see anything for it. I wonder how he's not had a visit of some hooded vigilante, it would be justified I think it's time to find out what this guy is really up to; he is obvously not keeping his commitment to completing the project Originally I had faith that I would see something within a reasonable time frame. Unfortunately, my faith is starting to wain. I am seeing watches with better specifications popping up for less. I would really like to see my faith in the developer reward with some good news for a change. We have only heard of delays and why we will not see our rewards. Has there been any real progress towards delivering the watch? Patiently waiting (but running out of patience) The ONLY reason I occasionally visit this project is to click on the link that takes me to the video of @creator being escorted to jail. The watch no longer has my interest I think we've all figured out the "Secret" part of Secret Labs........A community gives them considerable amounts of cash...they turn around and tell us to F off! It doesn't evens look as good as any of these <url>"you're not getting this anytime soon." I haven't invested in a single kickstarter since this debacle. log* @creator if you long in why not say something? I do not understand Kicksarter no regulation of this, he has more than a year this is still under study, Apple have started selling the iWatch. Obviously since Chris is pushing the Netduino 3 now on the secret labs forums anyone who has mentioned the Agent debacle is probably moderated. What a shyster. <url>"Hello, I'm still alive, still working to fulfill what I have promessed" The use of "I" to describe your company is intended to show you never demonstrated this was more then a one man show. Oh and you want to see proper communication, you can always get inspiration from this KS <url>"The legal options were limited. Although Kickstarters terms of use stipulate that any creators unable to satisfy the terms of their agreement with their backers might be subject to legal action, no sane attorney would initiate a class-action suit on a contingency-fee basis against insolvent creators, and no sane backer would ante up the necessary legal fees." (nytimes article ref'd by @Tim) I thought this story was our story too, but wait - SL is the creator, and SL is not insolvent... It likely has cash and certainly has IP assets. So maybe ...maybe... there is a lawyer willing to take a contingency risk and make a name for themselves in a very public and potentially precedent-setting KS case. I'm just not sure I care enough to go find that somebody. Life is too short and there are too many other more pleasant and constructive things to do. Here's your article. Just replace "ZPM" with "Agent" <url>"The Worlds Smartest watch" and then started going roque as soon as the KS hit $1 million. The write up seemed to indicate that he had invested in getting the watch almost complete. They just needed to finalise the watch case, get approval and away we go. The initial KS was $100K so it seemed reasonable that most of the work had been done right? However things started going wrong immediately. Unknown to the backers Chris Walker decided to exclude HoH from the administration and communication of the KS project. He wanted full control. This left HoH (one half of the project team) unable to communicate. This was unfortunate because HoH had some credibility with the Bedlam series of watches. Chris Walker himself had good credentials. He was a well known .NET developer and has sold a business in the past. He also sold NetDuino boards through his Secret Labs business (number of staff -1. Chris himself). The months rolled by and updates became more and more sporadic. Complaints started rolling in. The December 2013 deadline for shipping came and went. In 2014 Chris Walker hired a guy thousands of miles away from HoH to progress the project but things were still held up because Chris wouldn't give HoH the physical parts to design the case around. He seemed obsessed by watch straps and communication between HoH and Chris Walker sank to an all time low. In the fall of 2014 Chris Walker went behind HoH back and started trying to source a watch case directly with suppliers. This led to Lawrence of HoH borrowing someones KS login and setting the matter straight with the frustrated backers. Chris Walker replied -by sending in the lawyers to gag Lawrence. Updates became a standing joke (when they finally arrived) and then back in October Chris Walker surfaced on the forum itself. He explained that engineers cost $100K a year and he had spent a great deal of money. He gave a break down of costs incurred and anticipated. All the while he spoke in the third person - never a good sign. After some quick maths I made it clear on the forums that Chris Walker had just announced he wouldn't have enough money to fulfil the rewards. Emails were sent and ignored. Backers with pedigree offered to help sort the project and were ignored. A list of backers who wanted a refund was ignored. All we got were sporadic updates about watch straps. Backers had no update posts about the AGENT functionality or OS development. It was always about the case or the strap and how HoH were basically delaying the project. We know, as backers this isn't a fair explanation. Since then? The farce has continued. He has bought some office space and some fancy equipment using the KS funding. He offered Netduino kit in exchange for the AGENT and he decided to launch AGENT 2.0. Yes despite AGENT being no where to be seen he has spent the last two updates talking about AGENT 2. This is a watch that he is "very excited about" because it has a IPv6 stack (I know - try and control yourself). He has sorted his chinese watch case suppliers so he has bypassed HoH. The slight catch, for him, is that AGENT2 wasn't the pledge watch. Yep, despite the $1m and the 2 year wait he has decided that KS backers will still get version 1 but they can have the opportunity to go for AGENT 2 if they want. Obviously anyone doing that has no g'tee of shipping date or even the dire "protection" of KS. It is my belief that he is using the KS funding that is left for his "Secret Labs" Netduino business and his idea to launch his own smart watch. By keeping the project running he can continue to draw down the funds remaining rather than refund what's left. Even worse KS will do nothing about the situation even though many suspect fraud. This is a very slimmed down story and I would be happy for you to have my KS login details to engage on the project forum if you want to. I would also recommend that you look at my posts from back in Sept/Oct of 2014 to see some of the issues. For a fuller explanation of what has gone on feel free to email me with any questions. kind regards So looking forward to this months update. @David, no mention of the buttons? Or does it come with a sewing kit? @Joshua Ayes You seemed to be getting some traction with New York Attorney General, did anything ever come of it? I really hope Gizmodo puts Chris on the front page. @David, does it come the IP V6.0 stack? j/k Latest update from Secret Labs: - I thought about working on the Agent watch this month but then remembered I'd abandoned that for Agent 2.0. - I thought about working on the Agent 2.0 but then didn't bother. - I thought about spending time on the long-promised accessories to make the Netduino Go something other than an expensive paperweight. (It's something else we got shafted on about the same time as the Agent.) I didn't get round to it. Hmmm... I have got a million dollars of other people's money, an office and a nice cupboard. I'd better do something. I think I'm make another Netduino! Who wants to buy my lovely new Netduino 3? <url>s Smartest Watch Over 1M$ collected, delivery December 2013. Still not delivered, no proof of working watch and the creator is now talking of version 2.0 but only talks about IP V6.0 and the straps. The creator make project updates just to comply with Kickstarter policies. No sign of a real team, Chris Walker and Kickstarter are a big failure on this one. I will never support another project. More people need to add to this to see if we can get some coverage on this million dollar scam with literally not a single working prototype to show for it. <url>"redeployed". You have likely paid Chris Walkers mortgage for the last couple of years and his wifes hair dressing bill. Get over it. We got shafted. I did point this out a year ago but you've all been in denial. Chris Walker is a failure. So is House of Horology (pretty sure they got paid). Kickstarter is a dreadful platform that will fail sooner or later. It is too open to abuse. Shame as the original idea is pretty sound. On the bright side: 1) Chris Walker won't be able to have another KS project 2) Chris Walkers reputation is now mud (and will get worse when I can be bothered) Hey ho. I hope that Lawrence at HoH has learnt his lesson at least (clue - stick to the shallow end dude) My biggest fear is that some of you feel angry enough to be motivated to sign his email addresses up to <url>"Goodbye-ee, goodbye-ee, Wipe the tear, pledger dear, from your eye-ee! Tho' it's hard to loose I know, I'll be tickled to death to go. Don't cry-ee, don't sigh-ee, There's a silver lining in the sky-ee, Bonsoir, Apple thing, cheer-i-o, chin, chin, Nap-poo, too-dle-oo, Goodbye-ee." R.I.P. @Stephen, what stretch goals would there be? The Rack? <url>"throw money down a wishing well" arrangement. If I can't get the $149 back can I at least get the fraudulent shipping costs back? In case Chris ever reads these comments... I am another one of the backers who wants to add their voice to the growing list of unhappiness. How you can you honestly start touting news of V2.0 when V1.0 is still a pipedream? I would have liked a refund but I fully suspect that isn't going to happen. Never using Kickstarter again, it's way too easy to get scammed. Can we get a refund on this yet? This guy took our money from this project and is now funneling it into his "AGENT 2.0" watch, before this is even complete! This is a joke. I'm willing to bet the iExpander (a very much failed kickstarter) will come to life before the agent watch R.I.P Agent Smartwatch, the worlds smartest scam. I wonder how much it costs to change your name? Wouldn't be surprised if Chris Walker has done so. Just got my Microsoft Band. Great device, but there's still a place for the Agent... Looking forward to the May update, as I'm sure everyone is :) . Sweepstake on, oh, Agent2.0, watch straps, kittens and thanking everyone for their support and patience? I WANT MY MONEY BACK PLEASE?????????????? I WORK HARD FOR IT AND IS BEEN 1 YEAR OVER THE DATE OF DELIVER.....REALLY?! More than a million dollars pledged to nothing. We should get our money back. Update: For anyone still insane enough to trust Chris Walker at Secret Labs to deliver AGENT you may want to consider FCC approval. This takes time and has to happen before the watch ships. Chris Walker himself has mentioned the cost and time this takes. Guess what? He hasn't applied for FCC approval of AGENT. <url>"I see by all of the comments here that this is vaporware. I will mention it the next time we record a show. You gotta admit, though, it looked pretty cool. :)" Result ! @Richard - Thanks for the link to the .NET rocks podcast. EVERYONE here should post comments on ANYTHING that mentions AGENT or Chris Walker. Googles spiders look for things like this and I hope that one day we will see the first couple of pages of google search filled with Chris Walkers name being dragged through the mud. He deserves to be utterly destroyed by what he has done on KickStarter. @Andrew Rhodes, well spotted. From that, I found this <url>"Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Apr 13, 15:33 Hi there, Thank you for reaching out. We've reached out to the creator with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, in addition to having forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated you and other backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete their project as promised. Thank you again for sharing the experience that you have had with this project. Although we are unable to offer refunds, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and feedback such as this is exactly what helps us do so. We hope that youll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow with our community. Best, With every passing day, the look of this watch gets more and more dated. At this point, I hope Chris gets sued multiple times, goes bankrupt and has his reputation tarnished to the point that he can never work in this field again. Wouldn't mind seeing him working as a janitor for $10 an hour at some local elementry school. Of course, he would probably try and scam the students for their milk money. Now that would be worth my $160 pledge. 6.14 pm 10 April (Sydney time) I ordered Apple Sport 42mm Space Grey aluminium case with black band. Says shipping in June. I doubt it will be late. I'll glam it up with some of the myriad 3rd party bands which will inevitably come out soon. And at 8:05 a.m. April 10, I successfully ordered an Apple Sport 42 mm, with a Blue band - finally abandoning Agent to the land of Lost Causes. May it rust in pieces ! Half a league, half a league, Half a league onward, All in the valley of Death Rode the lone Agents "Forward, the Apple Brigade! "Charge for the Pebble!" he said: Into the valley of lost Cause Rode the lone Agents. JOSH!!! dang it... I was waiting for the 10K prize man... oh well...    I WIN!!!! 10k comment!!! SO CLOSE!!! 3 more 4 more until 10k !!! <url>perfectly" with iphones from 3GS up. I had a 3GS at the time and my main want was notifications. They later admitted it only supported notifications from 4 up and it took the dreaded "finger dance" to work half decently with any iphone 4+ until about a year after it first shipped. @Dan, it sounds like Roma was talking about the original Pebble Kickstarter from 2012 because that was the one that started before this. Pebble encountered some delays due to trying to handle the unexpectedly large volume of backers. While they weren't completely transparent about what was going on the whole time, they were generally pretty open about what was going on, not only through Kickstarter updates but even having AMAs like this: <url>"the lies and half-truths trotted out by Pebble" - a curious comment when Pebble has just attracted in excess of 20 million USD for Pebble 3 (alias Pebble Time/Time-Steel), in their latest Kickstarter project, NOW already at the pre-production sample stage ! P.S. The Nov 2014 update got 74 likes. Since then, the likes have decreased every time. The latest has only 2 likes. Probably family. Lawrence, good on you for checking in here. In desparation, Chris Walker has trashed your reputation by his actions while maintaining faux professionialism by his words. I have no respect for him for doing that to you, Lawrence, and I wish you every success. Nice to see Martin Calsyn back here too, fit and well. His measured comments spaek volumes about Chris' unbelievably inept approach to this project. I was reluctant to back any smartwatch project after the lies and half-truths trotted out by Pebble but I came on here, checked this out, asked some questions and got some positive feedback on Chris Walker. Fat lot of good that did! But I don't blame anyone for my poor judgment. Meanwhile, I bought a Pebble from a store and will order an Apple Watch next week. Not the gold one! At this point, pretty sure Lawrence/HoH or anyone else can say/do anything they want about CW/SL and not worry about getting sued. Why? Because it would put a spotlight on CW and the fraud he has been committing here. He won't risk that or getting counter-sued. why can't we get refunds?! @Daniel, Internet culture does reach Europe. Some of it even starts here. When I sent my cash to KS and CW, I felt it was a safe'ish thing to do because CW had a track record of delivering technology - and technology that I was familiar with from its first days. I even sold some of it myself in an online store in Spain. If I still had a close business relationship with him, I might temper my posts a lot more too because his fate would be tied to my income. As it is, I do work for Microsoft and I want to respect my relationship with and commitment to Microsoft by being professional and fair in what I post. Because of that, I probably spend way too much time (and too many words) writing these posts. And let's not forget - although I do believe CW is screwing up on project management and PR, doing a consumer product is hard. Microsoft has failed at it often enough. Consider even the SPOT watch, which is where NETMF originated. Anyone who wants to say this should be easier should be prepared to link to their watch product. That's why I try to be critical of very specific things where I have at least a little knowledge and experience. And credit where credit is due - Chris IS a talented software guy who has contributed a lot of good code to NETMF. It would doubtless be less of a product and have less of a following without him. Yeah, I think he's screwing up in his relationship with us backers and in his project management, but I can still respect his talents and contributions. So, I get the dichotomy that Pete is faced with. I'm just a bit more removed and made some different choices - but I hope those choices are still constructive by at least adding to the discussion if not the production effort. @Martin @Simon Your colleague Pete Brown could probably answer that question for us. But the last time I checked, he is in the "I'm not supporting Chris Walker because I work with him often, but I support Chris Walker because... aliens" camp. (I hope you get that reference despite being in Spain.) @Simon, I have no information on, or influence over any of that. NETMF and wearables are just a hobby for me like many of the backers. There are people inside and outside of MS that are much closer to NETMF and the NETMF community who are well aware of the situation (either as backers here or because Agent pops up now and then on many of the forums), but what that ends up meaning in any concrete sense is anyone's guess. Again, I work in MS Office, so I have no idea what is going on over in that part of MS, and that's a separation I wish to maintain for now. Certainly, you cannot have a project go off the rails like this without it having costs. @Martin One area I'm interested in is what happens to Chris after this debacle is finally brought to a close. Microsoft have been very close to Chris in the past and others within the .Net community have used him as speaker etc. I'm guessing he doesn't do these events for free. Will MS really want to be associated with CW? Surely they know what is going on? @Pete Taylor By clock - as long as the KS project is active (defined very loosely) then money from the project can continue to be spent. Based on Chris Walkers post on these forums back in September (I think) it was clear that he didn't have enough money to fulfil the rewards. That doesn't mean he has run out of money though - so my hunch is that he has been drawing down funds for "consultancy", "factory space" and other dual use equipment out of the KS funds. When this finally dries up he can go "I'm sorry I don't have any money left". If he had been honest back in September and said the project was dead he would have to refund us whatever money was left (at that time I guess around half the money raised). @Pete, that was just my way of saying "stalling". You are right; there is no absolute 'clock'. Agree 100% on your other points too. "Fail fast", "transparency", "accountability" - these all seem to be foreign concepts to SL/CW. I've said at least twice before that, good news or bad, CW could have completely changed the tone of the conversation here by just being detailed and transparent about the status and timeline. We could have rallied around honest bad news, but it is hard to feel supportive toward smoke and mirrors. @Martin - what 'clock'? Surely there isn't a sort of time up for projects? The thing is, if he really has run out of money, I (and possibly others) would of been willing to pledge perhaps slightly more money if he had just been open, transparent and a lot communicative in the updates. The fact he is beating around the bush with IPv6 etc. means that obviously people are going to taint him with the scam brush. It's this dishonesty which has damaged people's views of him and that's entirely his fault. If only he would of said 6 months ago 'I'm in trouble' that could of rescued things. Shame really. @Simon, I certainly think that's a possibility. I have no evidence to support it, but it's certainly plausible that he's running out the clock instead of finishing or giving refunds. That's at least as easy to believe as the stunning level of ineptitude it would take to get here by accident. Martin - been enjoying your measured posts. The "dual development" was from the inception of the product. I posted this a long time ago. What Chris is now trying to do is rescue both product sets. The forums for NetDuino have many unhappy people and I'm not sure how many boards Chris is shipping these days. As you say the IPv6 thing is baffling however it follows a pattern with CW. The latest none update is of no surprise - I have seen it before. CW is regressing to what he knows without doing stuff he should be doing. It is pretty common (I write lists when I'm snowed under). I also agree that CW didn't set out to defraud. This project has been shambolic due to poor management and planning. I then think greed and seeing a potential pot of gold took over. I now believe CW is breaking the ToS of KS and potentially defrauding backers. The money is being spent on dual purpose things - the workspace, the humidifier storage etc. BY CWs own calculations he also doesn't have enough money to fulfil rewards so he is delaying and throwing up as many curve balls as he can. That isn't poor management. That is deliberate. @Michael W, Thanks. I certainly understand what you are asking for, but whether Lawrence types stuff here himself, or he transmits it to me and I disseminate it, I think he (or both he and I) would still be liable if he said the wrong thing. It would still originate with a disclosure from him. Whatever disrespect we get from CW, I have been careful to not break any confidences and I believe that Lawrence has too. I will say that in all my conversations with anyone over the past five months, I have not heard anything that would lead me to believe we have moved beyond the critical-path problems that existed in November. Non-critical-path stuff may have happened, but I know of no progress toward delivering an Agent 001 watch to backers and I know of no coming changes in the project will change that situation any time soon. That's just my opinion based on very limited information. The whole IPv6 thing is baffling. CW is promising the same thing to the Netduino folks over on that forum. There was a post that accused him of 'stealing' from the Agent project to fund Netduino development (that post has been deleted), but since I think he's a one-man show, I don't think he's stealing funds, but he is, to me, not focused on the things that get Agent shipped and is using the same weird technology choice to try to score points on two projects with two cranky constituencies. The IPv6 stuff and other TCP stack choices he's made are also weird because Microsoft has mentioned in public forums that they are reworking the NETMF TCP stack to address some long-standing issues, so doing one-off changes is a weird choice to make. [Full disclosure: I work for MS, but in a completely unrelated area and I have no special insights into NETMF] I do think you can lay virtually all of the blame for the current situation on mismanagement of the project and not malice. The project problems that I know of are all things that could have been, and still can be, solved by just putting some time in on the problem or spending a little of the funds to get someone experienced to solve them. I look a the problems I know of (which does not include software and certifications - the status of those items are still a mystery) and I envision a list that should have been a couple weeks of work. Take the switch problem that I tried to help with. I am a software guy with 35 years experience, but I do have a university education in electronics, and I am an electronics hobbyist. I offered to help with the software, though Chris never even opened up that discussion and instead asked for help with the swiitch/case integration (which is a mechanical/industrial engineering problem). I probably could have gotten it sorted if I had not fallen ill with pneumonia, but this was weeks to months into the problem and I have to believe that a competent industrial engineer could have sorted it out in a few days. And still could. My personal opinion is that all of the remaining problems that I know of could be sorted out by some combination of actual focus on the problem and spending a bit of money to bring in the right people. IPv6 is not part of that process and is, at best, another poor choice and at worst, obfuscation - a weak attempt to divert attention. If he is a one-man show, maybe IPv6 is just what he cares about right now so that's what he's working on and that's what we hear about. The rationalization of that as 'progress' is what he expects us to be satisfied with. The main problem though is the lack of respect and transparency toward us, the backers. I've backed a handful of KS projects and most have delivered and I have my toys right here. This project is unique for the lack of both progress and transparency. Forget having a watch in hand - I would at least like to know where we stand today. The absolute minimum due to us today is not "what Chris feels like talking about", but is "a plausible timeline to completion". We've said that dozens if not hundreds of times. That is exactly what is meant by 'communication'. The substance-free off-topic updates we receive do not qualify. April full lol @Martin Calsyn - Thank you for your efforts and input, it is appreciated by all backers. I'm wondering if you would be willing, since you have an established line of communication with Lawrence, to maybe check in with him every few weeks and report back to us here. That would keep separation between Lawrence and CW's lawyers while helping keep us informed. I was completely blown away by this last update, and just shows that CW is indeed leading us on as well as HoH. Based on the last update, I wonder if he's liable for libel or slander against Lawrence or HoH? Seems like he blames them for all the problems of this project, but he can't make a simple design decision after MONTHS of deliberation. @Lawrence thanks for chiming in. If I were you, I'd at least give a good solid hour devoted to thinking if CW has damanged you or your brand, and can use any legal methods to force him to be more transparent with us or anything. A lot of backers are equally disinfranchised with you and HoH after this project, which seems to be based on incorrect, non-factual, and potentially fraudulent information being passed by CW. I figure my Agent Pledge is gone. This is my first comment in this section. I'm totally blown away by the ignorance of the Agent Developers. Do they think the backers are stupid people? IPv6? Oh, how cool... That'll probably take six months to develop. Compare the updates on this Agent Watch to those of ANY other successful technology projects on Kickstarter.. It's a total joke. Funny, I have a NetDuino, and response on that discussion area, about NetDuino, is more open. However, NetDuino seems to be a dead platform. Windows 10 IoT will kill it if not already done. Of course, Chris will delay more when Windows 10 comes out -- it wlll be another set of excuses. A lot of us backers are software and/or hardware developers and we understand what is going on very well. It's just too bad they cannot be honest with us. I'm backing lots of other KickStarter projects -- I admit I'm a technology geek. I am sure disappointed in these guys. By the time the watch appears, it will be completely obsolete. @Roma, that's 100% identical to the response I got :( I guess we'll see if the content of the next update is any more substantial though I doubt this will change anything and the next update is probably at least another month away. @Roma I got the same response from "Willis" the first time around. When I tried to push KS into confirming whether Chris Walker violated the rules by offering gift certificates, Willis responded with the rules quoted and telling me that is an option... Fuckers need to take a side at the very least. Here's the reply: Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Apr 1, 16:14 "Hi there, Willis with Kickstarter Support here. Thanks for reaching out and taking the time to bring this to our attention. We do our best to give project creators the freedom and support necessary to bring their new and exciting ideas to life. This often means that when projects launch on Kickstarter theyre in the early stages of development. While we encourage creators to communicate regularly through this process, its important to remember that each of them will approach this differently. In most cases, this may be the first time that a creator has the responsibility of communicating with a large support community. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. Ive reached out to this creator and offered our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, well be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Best, Willis" I was quite specific in my complaint to the extent of the "creators" being at loggerheads and calling in their respective lawyers. If that's not a red flag of danger, what is? Note the totally generic content of the KS reply. They'd have just ticked a few boxes to generate the respective paragraphs then hit send. I expected this sort of response but it still disappoints to see what little interest/power they have when it comes to it. KS HQ is a 15 minute cab ride to wherever in Manhattan Chris is working from so why not call him in and talk about it? Note that KS received $50,000 of our money. @John, I reported this project again a couple of hours ago. Good on Niraj. I believe anyone who is disaffected by what's happening here should keep on reporting to Kickstarter. What they can or will do about this one is up to them. But KS needs to tighten up their rules or they'll just fade away. @John - Either get the creator to provide more substantial updates including updated timelines, or simply acknowledge the project has failed and end it rather than continue dragging it out with pointless updates. I'm not expecting any money back as I'm sure most of it has been spent already. @Niraj Sanghvi - what exactly would you like KS to do? I'm curious as to what legal remedy Kickstarter would have on behalf of us as backers?! . The only real option as far as I am aware is for us as backers to take legal action against Chris, Secret Labs, and HoH. That's not free nor easy to coordinate. At this point I don't have high hopes of this accomplishing anything, but I fired off another message to kickstarter.com/trust since they seem to be responding to some people and we need everyone to keep telling them what is still going on if there's any chance of them doing anything about it: Myself and numerous others have reported the Agent Smart Watch project (<url>#comment-9520562 ===Excerpt from linked comment=== Per watch case fixes and more - - Chris keeps complaining that he doesnt like the angle of the pushers and wants to change them, but he wont detail whats wrong or what he wants changed. He just keeps on telling me that he cant comfortably push the pushers on the case and does not like the angle!? This has been going on for a while. I asked numerous times for CW to email me a drawing or what he doesnt like or to outline the issue in an understandable way, but I have not had any breakthrough on that yet. - My frustration that CW refers to is due to the fact that I dont know if CW wants or ever did want to deliver a watch to the backers. - The biggest issue that holds everything back - Nothing has been done to fix/complete the smart watch movement issue that was brought up an extremely long time ago and the watch case cant be completed until there is a working movement that the watchcase pushers can interact with. - I sent Chris the data sheets he has requested, but they will not help him to complete his movement so that the watch can be completed. ===End of excerpt from linked comment=== It is abundantly clear from the comments on the latest updates that the backers are beyond fed-up with the lack of clear communication and any sort of updates on the timeline for a project that raised over $1 million is well over a year late. The creator has been promising more substantial information for months and has not delivered, and any outsider could see that the last several updates are trying to completely avoid the issue (and the flood of constructive comments/questions under each update get ignored). This type of behavior for a project of this size is unacceptable and greatly tarnishes Kickstarter's reputation. Please take action on this project and restore the trust that the backers put into Kickstarter to enforce their rules and policies. 50% delivered - my HOT watch arrived today by DHL Courier, paired immediately to my iPhone, and is running on my wrist as you read this. Delayed ? - Yes, indeed - but reward delivered - also Yes. Agent is my second older pledge, and Pebble Time/Time-Steel are 3 & 4. What is this I see before me ? Its strap towards my hand; t'is a spectre ! Come let me wear you I have it not; yet I think of it still An hallucination from my fevered brain. Alas poor Agent, I once hoped for him A watch of infinite complexity in 2013 Where be your gibes now? ...and I created a blog for all of my IoT-related software work : <url>"Mindy Westfried" account? @Mindy/Lawrence @Martin thanks for your updates. And some people ask us why we don't trust Chris Walker and choose to trust Lawrence instead... @Mindy/Lawrence Thanks for taking the chance to speak up here. I don't think anyone that has follow the comments here doubts your intention. And anyone who follow comments with open eyes don't beleive CW has any will to finish Agent001 or Agent002 for that matter. CW is a guy that wanted to do a "garage" project and ended up way over his head. And now he is burning cash on other things and will give us stupid update like this just to conform to KS terms. He will get away with it because he has no integrity and KS doesn't enforce it's own rules. He will do everything he can to blame you in the process, lawyer up and get out of this scam while you can Lawrence. Hi Lawrence, welcome back - good to hear from you again. Thanks for clarifying the relationship details, it's pretty much what I figured. And if Chris' lawyers are watching, I'm quite happy that you are not claiming that "HOH is a representative of the AGENT product line". You mention the materials data sheets - one of the $64m questions (apart from "when is this thing going to ship") is: what is it going to be made of? Hope you can clarify this! Now the updates are a slap in the face. They just remind me that they have my money and I'll never see anything come from this project. IF, by some chance, a project does come out, it'll be so inferior that it will be practically useless. My Moto 360 has already taken the place on my wrist that the Agent Smartwatch should have had.....YEARS ago.. I need to step in here too - Since my attempt to help out the project late last year, I have talked frequently with Lawrence just because I like watches and he's a fun fellow to chat with. I have him on Skype and see him 'green' there every day and talk to him every couple weeks. Lawrence is one of the easiest guys around to get in touch with, by email, phone and Skype, so I need to call BS on any claim that he can't be reached, regardless of what continent he is on. I, by the way, am in Eastern Europe now and still am able to chat with Lawrence regularly. I didn't know anything about who owes what to whom here; I have no project details; and I am no longer part of the regular sync-up calls, but saying that Lawrence is out of touch due to a cell phone is complete BS. Hi everyone, On CWs last update  - I was in Switzerland for Baselworld watch fair last week for the 13th year in a row and I did visit the movement/assembly factories I work with while there. - I did go to Milan first because it is cheaper to fly into than Switzerland and I did have my phone pickpocketed within 5 minutes of getting out of the airport. Not relevant but since CW wants to talk about it, yes that happened too. CW has my Skype info and I did have my 2nd phone so I was reachable any time. I always try to reschedule any calls I cant make as well but always get denied on my requests (most of the time I just dont get any answer to my request.) Per watch case fixes and more - - Chris keeps complaining that he doesnt like the angle of the pushers and wants to change them, but he wont detail whats wrong or what he wants changed. He just keeps on telling me that he cant comfortably push the pushers on the case and does not like the angle!? This has been going on for a while. I asked numerous times for CW to email me a drawing or what he doesnt like or to outline the issue in an understandable way, but I have not had any breakthrough on that yet. - My frustration that CW refers to is due to the fact that I dont know if CW wants or ever did want to deliver a watch to the backers. - The biggest issue that holds everything back - Nothing has been done to fix/complete the smart watch movement issue that was brought up an extremely long time ago and the watch case cant be completed until there is a working movement that the watchcase pushers can interact with. - I sent Chris the data sheets he has requested, but they will not help him to complete his movement so that the watch can be completed. All the best, Lawrence Leyderman HOH Watches Hi everyone. This is Lawrence from HOH watches. Its been a while  hope youve all been well! Im writing because Ive been keeping tabs on all the comments here, and deeply sympathize with the backers who have been expressing their frustration. I am so, so sorry for everything thats happening. If I could do something about it, I would, but I have no control over the delays youre experiencing. I feel like some of you are unclear about the hold-up, and have been looking to HOH for answers. If we had any, we would happily provide them; however, were being kept in the dark right along with you. Just to clarify, the following is a section of the contract we signed that stipulates HOHs role as a consultant only: 1. Consulting Services. Secret Labs hereby retains HOH to assist and consult Secret Labs with respect to the following (the Services): aesthetic design of the Products, sourcing of Components and manufacturing of Products, waterproofing the Products, marketing and promoting the Products, pricing of the Products, and distribution of the Products. HOH agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to perform the Services. Ultimate control of design decisions and other matters as to which HOH provides the Services shall remain with Secret Labs except as expressly set forth in this Agreement. By mutual written agreement, the parties may add products to the list of Products on Exhibit A whereby the terms of this Agreement shall thereafter apply to such additional products. In other words, HOHs role was strictly in an advisory capacity, and even though HOH occasionally offered additional assistance beyond this in order to help bring the project to fruition, we had no say over the final product, design, timelines, or any other part of the process. *Also, again, just to clarify  the watch case was designed by Secret Labs, not by HOH. As you will see from the e-mail below (sent by Chris Walker from Secret Labs to me on March 4, 2013), Secret Labs created and sent HOH the watch design to consult on. Hi Lawrence, I took your dislike for the round Tissot design and desire for a black watch to heart :) So I boiled down the Bedlam Dark watch to its very basic elements and built a new digital smartwatch design from the basic angles, watchstrap lugs, and beveled edge of the original. Please see the attached concept art. It's sized precisely to fit the screen and wireless power coil. 38.3mm wide, 40.1mm long, 12.0mm thick with back cover. No top ring. The front would be edge-to-edge custom cut glass, surrounded by 1mm of beveled perimeter edge. The ambient light sensor and Bluetooth antenna would be hidden behind the top/left/right bezel sections. I tested this concept with a number of white-on-black and inverted images. They looked pretty awesome to me. This concept is far enough from the Bedlam collection so that a lower price point doesn't diminish Bedlam's $500 value...but shares enough common traits to showcase HoH DNA in our collaboration. Plus we may be able to reuse your current pushers and strap pins. Thoughts on the concept? Like? Hate? Indifferent? :) Chris Sent from my Windows Phone -Chris had attached an image of the smartwatch design to this e-mail, which was the first time Id seen it. As he mentioned in the e-mail, the design was inspired by HOHs Bedlam watch design, but wasnt actually the Bedlam itself. Also, I should probably mention that HOH has been legally prohibited from discussing the specifics of this project. The reason you havent heard from me since last fall was that, on September 7 2014, HOH received a letter from a law firm representing Secret Labs, wherein HOH was instructed to  cease and desist from taking any actions or making any representations that would lead the public to conclude that HOH is a representative of the AGENT product line. The letter went on to say that if HOH didnt comply, we would be liable for willful and intentional infringement. Please believe me when I tell you that Im as frustrated as you guys are  I hate the negative impact this has had on both my business and my reputation, and I hate that the backers have been left hanging. Thank you for your time and attention - I hope that by clarifying HOHs position here, it gives you a clearer picture of the state of this project and our role in it. Best, Lawrence HOH Watches It is quite annoying. One does not get any response from the developers. I have asked for a refund and get zero response. this project was launched May 21st, 2013 and they raised over a million dollars. The developers post photos of their travels in the world...but we investors see no watch and get zero hope of the watch coming to fruition. This project has killed it for me to ever support another kickstarter campaign. They are trying to get us to give more money and get another version of the watch. WHAT!!! Is their travel money wearing thin? this is outrageous and kickstarter needs to step in. Someone give me $1million dollars I don't mind to create a fiction like this one. Only that the fiction got updated chapters (or paragraphs) each month for a few years. That actually sounds not bad deal. to @chris: do you know that it takes some people 20 years to earn one million at 50K annual salary. or 10 years if you start your annual base at 100K. So you need to be here for another 8 more years or 18 more years to update us before we feel better. @Simon: The smaller number is how many actual comments there are. The bigger number is how many comments have ever been made. There was some dude a while back that was spamming the forum over and over with pages of REFUND REFUND REFUND or something stupid like that any time someone would post. Kickstarter removed all of his comments. @Chris Walker: how can you watch yourself at the mirror every morning or sleep at night? Do you even know the meaning of the word "shame"? Do a favour to yourself and all of us: refund everyone now and then look for a real, serious job you are actually capable to do! @Kickstarter: you are equally responsible for this swindel! You are doing nothing and don't care about clearing the situation. Easy money, uh? SHAME ON YOU ALL!!! Refund please. Refund my money~ Anyone in the US able to progress legal action might want to set up a G+ group or something similar to get a bit of cooperation going. Would be good to hear if any EU backers have found a good path to follow. Not looking for a refund - I'll double my investment if it helps to get a fair outcome. I didn't realize I could unsubscribe from the updates. If that link worked, I'm well on my way to forgetting this project ever existed. It would be funny if this was an April 1st joke. It is sadly not :( This just like most things from NY are a complete ripoff. junk Nothing has been done on the hardware and physical aspects. Literally. Nothing. Has. Been. Done. What a joke. Please don't reproduce and pass on your incompetence to your spawn. @Jeremy Seipel Come on, did you know that Lawrence's phone has been stolen? Without that update you probably would have never known. Project launched - May 21st, 2013: 680 days ago. Raised 1 million - June 20, 2013: 650 days ago. 28 updates: 1 update every 24 days. Today (1 year and 285 days later). No updates. No technology. No prototype. No apps. No watch. Doesnt answer questions. Doesnt respond to messages. Doesnt give refunds. Tried to get us to buy another version of the watch, after an update that the tech is outdated. Biggest group of crooks, and that watch brand HOH is complete ****. Any moron who buys that probably shops at Kohls for their clothing. Ridiculous, give our money back and go on with your lives. Would be fun to put together a class action against this company and take them for all that they have left :-) A windows network configuration screenshot as an update. Who is he fooling? Now we know in the last month it was hard for him to schedule a call. Seems like a month well spent. oh how i love the monthly status update. its filled with sooo much useful information...If only it actually had a ship date. baha hahahahahah......latest update just went out and the watch case and pushers still aren't anywhere near done. Oh and Lawrence went to Baselworld in Switzerland. So it's nice we paid for that. If HOH has all but closed, and Agent still doesn't have a workable case, why is anyone wasting time going to Switzerland? Get your asses to Asia and fix the Agent watch case issues. Oh wait, I forgot this is all a big freaking scam, and the Agent watch will never be produced. Silly me... I'm curious, how many backers currently are in the NY/NJ area? @Marc we would like to talk about something else, but there is nothing... nothing to talk about except the strap... Oh we miss those updates on the straps. @Marc because Kickstarter took a percentage of our money to buy plenty of storage. And talk about wasting valuable bits... If you're all so disillusioned, why don't you just go away and stop posting? Your crap is taking up valuable bits on a disk someplace on the KS servers. Applied to my bank to get the card refunded, seemed a simple enough process weird, the kickstarter app says 10.002 comments but the page says 9.913 :/ @Daniel comment number 10000 AND comparing CW to hitler on The same post.. Nice one, grats :P Getting scammed was one of the risks we took in backing this project. In hindsight, the most obvious one. @FrankyB @Tim I second what FrankyB is saying. I've backed other failed projects, but at least the creators were open and honest, they've clearly tried, and that there were legitimate mistakes in their choice of manufacturer, bad contract, and/or they are holding back to "perfect" everything. Some of them has failed and closed, so that's already "justice." Secret Labs is benefitting from our money, and that's a big difference. This is the only project that I have a problem with. Chris Walker is a big fat liar, and I do and have admitted that we're all idiots to buy into his scam. And I would only feel better if people do know that Chris Walker is a scam artist, so nobody else would fall into any more of his traps. I understand that there are Microsoft folks here who have worked with him and know him as a good guy, but even Hitler was Man of the Year once and Stalin was Man of the Year twice... Obviously, Chris Walker could only dream of being Hitler or Stalin, and they are in no way comparable. But a murderer is not a murderer until he commits the murder. Chris Walker is now a scam artist, even if you didn't know him as one before. As I just said to my friend Gloria Mundi --- I'm sick in transit with this KS project. So it's back to Pebble Time Steel and Apple Watch then. @W.Lagging @Tim In normal condition I would agree with you. Kickstarter is high risk. But @Creator / Chris Walker is failing on every front. On one key element worse then others: Communications. He sparsely communicates and when he does, he doesn't show any progress. Since the beginning, he talks about a "team" and yet that team is pretty much "me, myself and I". We suspect that recently, that team also include "my lawyers". Failing while trying is one thing, failing while lying and doing the bait & switch is what infuriates everyone voicing their opinion here. So, Yes I knew the risk. But I didn't know this guys was going to screw everyone over and it piss me off. @Dude made a post about another failing Kickstarter, well at least on this one they failed while trying. Anyhow, waiting for the next "fast/frequent update", may be we will here about Agent3.0. Fwiw, the following is a good read: Triggertrap Ada: Modular Camera Trigger How our $500k kickstarter campaign crashed and burned. <url>"Creater" can advertise and collect money form "Funders/Backers". They come together and pay for a chosen perk. After the project closes Kickstarter handsover the money collected. From that point they only operate a website where "Funders/Backers" and "Creators" can communicate. eg. the iPlifier from kickstarter is a scam, but the Kickstarter website is stil there. I doubt that Kickstarter and Indiegogo have a clear view with whome they are dealing with. No credentials checked. Indiegogo sometimes publishes something "like this person exist because this is his FB-page". Many projects are just good rederings and not real pictures from the real thing. The just act as a middleman, not being a wholesaler of a reseller. I have become more cautious and try to make triple checks and more. But that is sometimes not possible. The amount of money I invest in a perk is a amount I am willing to write off. So I don't invest into perks above a certain amount. My opinion with this creator: he will come up somewhere this year or next year with the Agent 3.0 because the watch will update itself thru Sat. communication or so. @Lloyd, point taken. What ever happen to from the last update- "We are speeding up our Kickstarter Update cadence to share all the new technology updatesand to share the physical watchcase status with you on a more regular basis. We will be back soon with another update." Worthless f'r If only I had backed the original Pebble. I wouldn't have such a negative view of Kickstarter and may have actually backed other worthy projects. I will never give Kickstarter another dime and tell everyone I know to stay away from the site. Pretty much knew this was a scam within months (unlike @Roma) and now everyone knows what I knew so long ago. Chris is a POS that will get his in the end... hope it is sooner, rather than later though. @Roma Though he burns the candle at both ends It will not last the night But oh his enemies and few friends It gives a lovely light. Is there a time limit that Kickstarter will keep hosting a project that doesn't deliver? Say in another years time, is there a possibility this comment forum will no longer be hosted, even though no product was delivered? Otherwise Chris will have an endless stream of comments forever to laugh over as he plays with the $1,000,000 plus he scammed off the backers. dont worry about me getting off kickstarter - i have ways of coming back to the chat :) @Roma if Chris Walker stocks up his Netduino store with male performance enhancements or toilet paper (at appropriate prices of course), I'll gladly ask for a gift certificate and shut up here. Both are infinitely more useful than this fairy tale "smart" watch, SCAM 2.0, or netduino parts. If I were to do more netmf development, I'd be getting hardware from GHI. But with Microsoft delivering Windows IoT on raspberrypi pi 2, Intel Galileo, and Qualcomm DragonBoard, I'm especially interested in the Qualcomm dragonboard. Looks like @Joshua Ayes is about to get kicked off of the kickstarter campaign here and get a refund if that information is being passed to the @agentwatches.com email. Ruffling the feathers and causing a potential legal threat is apparently enough to cut him away from the pack. Good news, though, is that it will establish precedence. This is sunk and @creator is just trying to tread water, testing every avenue he has until he has to finally pay the piper. I still say the only recourse at this time is small claims court. If enough people did this, CW would have a full time job defending himself! make sure to include your Amazon Payment Receipt - and your kickstarter screen name - i didnt add the amazon receipt originally i had the transaction number - so i faxed over the receipt with my kickstarter name --- it was interesting to see that the email chain the Attorney General office had in the subject line - 3rd Request. -- i guess @creator doesnt like to respond to information @Joshua, could you describe what information you added to the complaint form? I'm planning on sending one too. Thanks! After reporting Chris Walker to Kickstarter for violating even more Kickstarter rules for offering coupons, gift certificates, and/or another non-existing product of similar monetary value instead of just refunding us our money, Kickstarter responded with this: "These terms outline the responsibilities of backers and creators. This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesnt fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." I unfortunately could not get Kickstarter to explicitly say whether or not Chris had violated the terms. Friends, Double Entendres, Countrymen I come to chastise Agent, not to Cialis him. The Viaggravation we have endured endures As the stiffness of Updates firms our resolve. Rise up against tyranny! Chris once was our friend, faithful and just to us. Verily, may he bone none other. Latest post on the Agent Forums: Hello! href="<url>" viagra href="<url>" cialis , href="<url>"viagra sample href="<url>">cialis sample Friends, Americans, Countrymen I come to bury Agent, not to praise him The wrong that Chris does lives after him The good will be inter'ed with his bones So let it be with Chris. He once was our friend, faithful and just to us. May he rest peacefully at night. @Derick Wong. It is all too obvious that the "Weloop Tommy" is a rip-off of the Pebble (version one) ! My other "Smartwatch" pledge was for a HOT watch. I now have news of its shipping. And Pebble Time is about to close at nearly 20 million USD - wow, such confidence there ? *of Secret Labs @Joshua, well done. I filed a complaint online with the New York AG but have heard diddly squat. Seems like you at least have to live in the US? Fair enough. Backers in the US, rise up against the fraud (at worst) or total incompetence (at best) being perpetrated/demonstrated by Chris Walker if Secret Labs. What a fucking farce this is. I have just bought Weloop Tommy, which also have Sharp memory display. Although the outlook may not as good as Agent, but it is much cheaper. The most important is that, I can use it now! What course of legal action can we take to bring this liar to justice? Would kickstarter let us set up,a project to sue him? Different levels depending on what you pledged/wanted back. Surely this is just a small claims court affair? Joshua Ayes please keep us posted...i filed a while back and got a couple letters from the NY AG but no action. I was a NY resident at the time. I am not now. Well, if we don't ever hear back from you, that would also mean you succeeded in getting a refund. So I wish to never hear from you again! Just kidding! Please private message me on Facebook or something if successful. And I'll update the folks. so this is interesting - i received a follow up from the State of New York Attorney General requesting more information per Agent Watch. apparently Attorney General contacted Agent 3times with no response. then someone at @agentwatches.com requested my Amazon Payment receipt and my kickstarter name - which i just faxed over to the Attorney General - i'll keep you posted. I dont live in new york - and was told that you dont have to live in Ny to file a complaint about the company. A scammer who robs many people of a little vs a scanner who robs a few people of a lot They are both scams. As far as I can tell, no one pledged more than $200. It hurts, I get that, but after two years... who really cares anymore. We were likely taken for $200 each. I am impressed by the lively conversation still happening here. I pledged $2500 on another KS project, and that deadbeat still hasn't fulfilled many pledges more than 2 years later. Greetings, While I'm (still) ecstatic at the thought of a smart watch that runs the .NET Micro Framework, I am underwhelmed with my experience regarding this project as a whole--with Kickstarter's lack of response and backer support, and with the Creator's scope creep and lack of progress within the bounds of the original specification. My expectations of ever seeing a finalized deliverable are low, and my expectations of ever receiving a refund are lower still. If anything, I hope this project can serve as a warning to potential backers in other Kickstarter projects to always do their homework before they pledge--even $1mil projects can deliver nothing but vaporware. @Daniel Paper Tiger - defined as a person or thing that appears threatening but is ineffectual. Re: KS TOS @Justin In the Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators agree to make a good faith attempt to fulfill each reward by its Estimated Delivery Date." - I argue that Chris Walker had NOT made a good faith attempt. Evidence: it's SO late, and he's already working on a Version 2 when Version 1 is not done. "A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backers request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." - Clearly, Chris Walker is unable to fulfill the reward promised to us. Where is our refund? He also violates other rules by offering us coupons or vouchers for other items (See below). "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." - Chris Walker is required to fulfill all rewards or issue refunds. In the Rules: <url>"Projects cant mislead people or misrepresent facts, and creators should be candid about what they plan to accomplish. When a project involves manufacturing and distributing something complex, like a gadget, we require projects to show a prototype of what theyre making, and we prohibit photorealistic renderings." - The campaign story is filled with misleading statements. We were lead to believe that the watch has been "created" and is just months from manufacturing. "Projects cant promise to donate funds raised to a charity or cause, and they cant offer financial incentives like equity or repayment. We also cant allow any of these prohibited things." - Prohibited items such as coupons and cash-equivalent instruments are not allowed. Right now, that is the offer Chris Walker has given us, a non-existing Agent 2 Watch and/or coupons worth your pledge values at his Netduino store. Feel free to add to the list. So, just to alleviate mine and anyone else's confusionconfusion, did they or did they not break Kickstarter's TOS in any way and why or why not? @Tammy Anne Duffy, I think if you examine the email you received a little closer you will see that the email was sent by Simon (one of the many frustrated backers), from the <email> account he set up a while ago. Note the signature"Si" at the end. @Simon, I'm sorry you didn't get a better response. Nice 1Tammy, I think the sarcasm may be lost in translation :) What, Tammy? Please reiterate. Seriously, Just give us a refund already! Did you guys get this email below from Chris Walker as well? Hey Following the previous mail out some of you replied for which I thank you greatly. However simply not enough seem to be invested in some sort of justice. I don't have the time or energy to do it myself so if someone wants this email addy then I will hand it over. I see that nothing is really happening on Kickstarter apart from guy called Eric doing his best to put a brave face on being a mug. If you're a backer and still think you will get a watch then good luck. If you think you will get tight integration to Microsoft then you may want to ask exactly what the feature count is. In the meantime I wish you all well and hope you find a smart watch that actually delivers what you want. Si Hi, Any updates on refunds? Thanks Well, I got my Microsoft Band the other day. It may not be as stylish as the AGENT but at least it's available and provides the functionality that I need such as notifications from my Windows Phone and fitness tracking. The AGENT was the first Kickstarter/Indiegogo project I ever backed and I knew that I was taking a risk by backing it. I really don't care about the $200 anymore now that it's been almost 2 years since I paid it. Still, I am curious to see what happens to the project now. For the sake of everyone, I would still like a resolution or end to this project, regardless of how positive or negative it is. Perhaps the Facebook pages and web site are gone because House of Horology is no longer part of the project. Agent is Dead mail out has gone out. That's all folks PS - Erik is the last person on earth that thinks Chris Walker is credible. Hilarious comments little fella. Lol, just got this response 2 days ago about a refund request of nov. 22nd: Please accept our apologies for the delays in our project. We are working to get to the finish line, to turn parts we have purchased for your chosen physical reward into a finished product. Regarding your e-mail: so sorry for any confusion. We are very concerned that you were under the impression that our prototypes were not functional prototypes. We spent a lot of time on them! Can you please shed some more light on your concern? Thank you for your support, AGENT Smartwatch Team I got sick of waiting for Agent to ever see the light of day... so my Microsoft Band arrives today! Same price, more functional and oh yeah... it actually exists, right now, on the wrists of consumers! And there are actual 3rd party developers who have started making apps for it. So excited to get mine! Agent is dead. Game over. Chris Walker, many of us no longer have a need or desire for this fictional product because of your failure to complete it in any timely fashion. Your inability to deliver opened the door wide open to other products in the market to take Agent's place on the wrists of your once passionate supporters. That's your fault, be an adult and own up to it. Take responsibility for your actions and failures. Refund our money as you have failed to deliver and you know it. Stop this charade and just be done with it for everyone's sake. And Apple, having taken a reported 3 years to develop their Watch, is about to spring it on an astounded population of fans. O Agent, Agent ! Wherefore art thou Agent ? Deny it Chris. and refuse thy name. Or, if thou wilt not, be it a sworn scam, And Ill no longer be a pledger. In the time it has taken Agent to get part of the way to Agent 1, Pebble is now about to sell Pebble 3, with funding pledged just short of 20 M USD ! Now that's confidence in a favorable reward being received. Well there went a half-hour, see you again next month. When are folks getting their Qi (or whatever) chargers? Rhetorical. Glad I didn't pop extra for that. On the cache linked fb photo data page below, you can click on most of the 'missing' pic squares and still get to pics including of the charger internals... been so long I've forgotten what if any update there was on the chargers. My favorite of the photos. This is Ground Control to Major Tom <url>"prototype" can be so far away from the final design. I do honestly thing we have been had or more recently been had. At some point in the near future this project will be declared dead by the creator and we will be issued these vouchers because so according to the rules we will have received a reward. I do think kickstarter have hit the nail on the head here. Tons of money and 0 risk. I think Erik has been completely taken in by CW and will type pages and pages of what he believes in irrespective of what can clearly be seen to be happening. No matter what anyone else says he will not see it otherwise so leave him to enjoy his fantasy, he is very happy with agent he has even seen the prototype. @Rod VonHugenstein You can choose not to believe me or the others who saw the prototype but I will not shut up. I backed the project and I have as much right to be here as anyone else. I do not insult others. I am not rude to people. I am not dismissive of their views. I just asked if people could maybe take a look at what they're putting out since it's doing nothing but excluding people who are still interested. There's no value in that. The watch prototype didn't use the same hardware, obviously. There was an update about the need to redesign the pushers at some point. I'm pretty sure I saw a discussion saying there was concern that direct pressure of the buttons on the PCB could degrade the function so a different style of contact was needed. The prototype did have functioning communication with a Windows Phone companion app. I don't think anyone should have been under the belief the watches were designed and build and just needed to be assembled. From the story under the Road to your Wrist section: "The watches in the video are the latest prototype watches, with cases precision-milled out of aluminum and powder coated black. We are evaluating several premium case materials for production watches and will select the final material based on beauty and wireless performance. Our prototype watches use ARM7 processors, Bluetooth Classic, and a wireless charging breakout board. For production, we are using our dual-processor design, a dual-mode Bluetooth radio (including Bluetooth LE), and our custom-designed wireless receiver coil (integrated into the caseback). We have completed design of the electronic circuitry for production AGENT watches, and we have ported our operating system to the new Atmel Cortex-M4 microcontroller. We have also built validation boards using the production circuitry and are using those boards now to optimize our power management and to integrate Bluetooth Low Energy support into AGENT OS. Upon successful funding of this Kickstarter campaign, we will use raised funds to create watchcase molds and production circuit boards. We will then obtain the necessary international certifications for wireless radio and wireless power devices (FCC, CE, Qi). We also need to pay for one-time engineering costs for items like our custom backlight assembly." That clearly says they had a validation board with the hardware they were hoping to use, ported the software to it and their prototypes were running a different set of hardware. The old Facebook group showed a video of the screen working and it was attached to a validation board which was huge by comparison to what would be needed on the wrist. If someone thought the design was done, that's their mistake. How could the OS be years behind when it's not built even finalized?! In what way am I not being helpful in asking for people to scale back their assaults so the other members of the project can have a place to discuss the project without being chased away by people who have no problem making things up and then getting outraged over them? How would you feel if people told you to shut up because you're just someone who get into this without knowing what they were doing and now you're taking out your embarrassment on others? Why do you feel entitled to shutting others down because you don't think they could possibly find value here? Please be respectful of others. We're in the same boat and if some of us (me?) want to try to stay positive and see progress get made, how can that possibly hurt you? What does it honesty cost you to not chase away people or be insulting to them? I'm not suggesting you shouldn't be upset but you're taking it out on the wrong people. @Erik For $100 you can have my reward also.......not interested? Shocking. You can't seriously be this blind. The AGENT website is dead, the Facebook page is dead, the only reason this page still exists is so Chris Walker can pretend like there is progress being made. As long as Chris pretends like he's trying to fulfill rewards, he gets to keep our money. I wouldn't be as upset if I didn't feel like we've all been had. I understand the risks of Kickstarter, but this was either a scam, or doomed to fail from the start. I hate the fact that Chris Walker is sitting on a MILLION dollars, and laughing at all of us. @Erik Seriously, shut up. It's not possible that you saw a working AGENT prototype. Please explain how a year or more after this project was funded Chris Walker decides he needs to design a pusher? What was wrong with the pushers in the magical prototype you saw? If those worked, why couldn't they be modified? Why were we insulted with pictures of a $1.99 gas station watch pusher? Your comparisons to other projects are not accurate. I've backed several projects on Kickstarter, and every project has had delays, but the creators have always explained what the delays were, and showed progress. They were always very clear where the project stood. People are upset because Chris Walker made it seem as though the AGENT was ready to be assembled. When in fact, it wasn't even designed. Had people known that we were supporting a project that was a the preliminary stages, they may not have supported the AGENT. Supporting a project that has not reached a final design is much more risky than backing a project that simply needs that capital to purchase parts and assembly hours. If I need to beat this horse to death even more, we've seen photographs of expired components. What good will that do when we have AGENT watches assembled with parts that may have a higher failure rate? The OS and hardware are YEARS behind every other company that makes a smart watch now. And, if that wasn't enough, Chris has the nerve to try and sell us on a 2.0 version? He also seems to have enough time to spend on the Netduino forums, instead of competing the AGENT, or refunding our money. Did I forget anything? So, stop sticking up for AGENT. You're excuses are lame, and not helpful. @Mark Wallace I backed the project; my money is already invested. Thanks for your concern but it's impossible for you to save anyone from themselves here as only backers can comment and the campaign is closed so there are no new people to discourage here. @FrankyB I'm not interested in obtaining more watches but thanks for the offer. As I said I'm interested in seeing the parts of this project I really value to keep moving forward - the contribution to open source and moving NETMF forward. There's more involved here than just the hardware and I still think there's real value for people to keep those moving forward. I see no admission saying the pledges are not able to be fulfilled but that now that an exclusivity deal has expired, it's possible a redesigned version might be available more quickly. I'm hoping to hear more about that soon because I don't think I have enough information to change course at this time. I appreciate your concern but I am quite awake, thanks. Saint or Sinner - which is our (honorable) creator ? Sinner = Scam Saint = In well over his head in a project found to be awesomely more complex than ever considered at the start. Which is TRUE/FALSE ? From another place, I quote --- "Early production test runs are already taking place on a regular basis. Weve received a number of test units back from the factory and they're looking great! These units are going through extensive environmental and quality test procedures, as well as software test routines." That's the way to do it ! Gather ye Agents how ye may The times are but a'flying The marvel that we invested yesterday Tomorrow is a'die-ing did anyone else get this BS response from @creator: Hello Joshua, Thank you very much for your e-mail. We sincerely appreciate your support of our project. Although delays are common for Kickstarter projects, we had hoped that our Kickstarter project would not be similarly delayed. We understand and share in your frustration. Kickstarter is a place for like-minded individuals to come together, pooling our resources and making awesome creative projects possible. Since Kickstarter is not a store, there are no orders (or order cancellations/returns, refunds for returns, etc.) such as those you'd experience in a traditional sales environment. Like a telethon, our creative project offered backers the option to receive a reward. Those rewards included backer-only project updates and AGENT Smartwatches (the product we are creating with your support here on Kickstarter). The road to production has schedule risks as discussed on the project page; we tried to avoid many of those risks--but a few of the challenges have slowed us down. We're pushing to get past the last few milestones now on the road to production, and then we can start shipments to backers who chose one of the optional physical rewards. We'll keep you apprised of the project status as we push forward towards production. In the meantime, we understand that life circumstances change and that some backers may no longer desire to receive the optional reward they selected. We're here for you. In the case of physical rewards: if you would like us to help facilitate the sale of your reward once it's off the production line, we will be happy to help. We have a large, growing list of reservations for AGENT wearables. We can't express enough how much your help means to us, to see AGENT become a reality. Please stay tuned as we get physical rewards ready for shipment; we have a few cool surprises in store yet as well. Thank you as always for your support, AGENT Smartwatch Team @Erik If you beleive in CW so much, I offer you my reward @ 1/2 the price. Even CW doesn't beleive in himself as much as you do, hence the bait and switch with Agent 2.0. Where he admits he can't deliver Agent 1.0 and ask people to pledge for Agent 2.0 outside Kickstarter ToS. That's the same CW that promess more frequest updates (again) and as been silent ever since. He is not even login in here and he killed the Agent facebook page. These are all facts Erik. Time to wake up... Microsoft Band available for pre-order in the UK, shipping April. I've cancelled my Pebble pledge and ordered one of those. Still would be nice to have my agent sometime, though... Holy crap, CW lives! Just got an answer to my message I sent through kickstarter to him probably 2+ months ago regarding Windows Phone compatibility. Here was his response. Hi Chris, So sorry for the bad information. We are not sure where Simon got information indicating that AGENT OS would not support Windows Phone. That is quite the opposite of reality. A bit of history: we showcased the AGENT Smartwatch prototypes early on with Windows Phone devices both at public events in New York and also at a booth at BUILD 2013. Even now, the Secret Labs team is working on new WinRT code and exploring what additional features we can add for newer OS updates such as Windows 10. Again--our sincere regrets for any bad information that came your way. We love Windows Phone. Thank you for your support, AGENT Smartwatch Team You would think that Chris would have something substantial to show by now @Erik, seriously why would I want to encourage anyone to put money into a project that is for all intents and purposes dead? the facts are CW has all but disappeared from anything to do with Agent other than post frivolous updates. His Facebook and web pages don't exist anymore and the only interest he APPEARS to have is Netduino. If you are a newbie looking to invest in a smart watch Kickstarter campaign. DO NOT BACK THIS ONE!!!! @Matthew I can totally understand the frustration but I don't see how that can justify people being rude or hostile to other backers or spamming up the comments with the same negative messages. It's just making this a miserable experience for other people and does nothing to make anyone feel better or encouraged. It just drives people away. We have no control over what Chris posts but we do have control over what we bring to the community. I'm tired of being driven away from a project I put my money into too. I would highly recommend giving your feedback to Kickstarter on how they could improve their platform for backers to increase their confidence in backing projects but you can't hold them responsible for projects created under different terms. I mean you can but it's clearly not getting us anywhere. So why not focus on the things we can control? I personally want to know about peoples' experiences with bluetooth routers because I'd never heard of them before. I want to know what - if any - difference there is in programming for IPv6 stacks for those who have done it. But I don't think there's any way people who have an actual interest will stay more than a few minutes to read far enough back to find questions and comments from people like me when they're surrounded these other messages. The problem here is Pebble do give constructive updates, whereas Agent doesn't. All Chris have to do is give us timely updates and a deadline which is not delayed. That's all. Is it so hard to do? We backers are upset because there's no informative information about the completion of the product. Now should be the time for delivery. Yes, Pebble did delay but at least they keep the backers in a loop in their product unlike here. Chris shouldn't be developing an updated version. Instead, he should just finish the product which is promised from this project. KS ToS states that if failed to deliver a project, the creator must refund to the backers. I think KS should put a deadline for delivery for every project. This is getting out of hand and also KS is doing nothing but giving us a bunch of excuses. @Daniel Chang There are hundreds (more?) of messages that say basically the same thing. It's pretty impossible to read that far back even if one was inclined to. From what I did see, people were claiming the video wasn't real. I saw the watch prototype at the HoH meetup and it was functional then so I don't see how there could be proof the video was fake if there was a working prototype. I don't think it's being on a high horse to respectfully ask that people take another look at what their bringing to the community. I'm not insulting you or attacking you. I was just hoping that this space, meant for backers to discuss the project, could be inclusive of people other than those posting the same messages over and over. That's all. There's no need to be defensive or insulting. @Erik I brought up plenty of proof that Chris Walker had lied to us in the funding campaign/story, and I explained how Chris Walker had violated the KS ToS plenty of times. So it's on you for being ignorant/lazy/outright blind for not reading those older posts. Second, you're not the only developer or IoT enthusiast here. Get off your high unicorn horse. @Ben A quick bit of detective work shows you're probably not wrong ;) @Daniel Chang I did not compare Agent to Pebble - there are dozens of comments where people did. I merely pointed out the overly-rosy portrayal of the projects were not the reality. I backed that project too and I remember the frustration. People claim this was based on that but if you look at the design, they're clearly different from hardware up through software. I didn't start the comparison, I just pointed out that it's a flawed one. @Anthonhy "The creator has not been transparent with backers in regards to new timelines of agent watch production and the effects of the delays on the overall budget." I did not disagree. I only suggested maybe this experience could be better if people used the space to discuss things rather than repeat the same things over and over driving away people who want to participate. @Daniel Chang "Chris Walker violated the KS ToS." Did he? What proof do you have that he did? You make assertions but do not back them up. "P.S. I have unicorn horn powder that grows penis size for $500. If you believe that, you should buy this!" There's no need to be rude. My interest in this project is obviously different from yours and there's no reason to be unkind to me because you're upset. This is the type of behavior that's driving away people who might have still been interested in supporting the progress of this project. @Ben Baskaran "I think erik is a great friend if Chris walker" You can think whatever you want but it doesn't change the fact that some people have taken over the community with negativity and chased people away. Where are we supposed to go when any public community gets overrun by these same negative comments? Is it too much to ask that you not insult people because they don't share your view? I think erik is a great friend if Chris walker @Anthony. There is no timeline. He can't talk about something he doesn't have. Eric, what do you think Chris Walker is doing with that assembly space built using our money right now? Is it just sitting there or is he using that space for his other Secret Labs business? Sure, we have no proof of this, but considering the cost of real estate in NYC, what is more likely? And are you seriously comparing this to Pebble? Our delay here is nothing like the delay at Pebble. Heck, this project could have also reversed engineered a Pebble to see how the buttons worked... Also not only did Chris Walker lie to us in the campaign, Chris Walker violated the KS ToS. So, yes, we definitely can bring litigation up. I wish no other person fall for Chris Walker's con again. P.S. I have unicorn horn powder that grows penis size for $500. If you believe that, you should buy this! @Erik - The creator has not been transparent with backers in regards to new timelines of agent watch production and the effects of the delays on the overall budget. People want to see progress... @Ben Your behavior is your choice independent of what you may think Chris has done. If you don't find his updates to be valuable, that's fine but there's no reason to pollute the stream more preventing interested people from discussing. Some backers have said they want no updates and others want more. It's impossible to make everyone happy but that doesn't mean there's no value to be had in what we do get. People are just dismissing things outright because it doesn't meet their expectation and that's not what we as backers are supposed to be about. "The backers asked him to post proper updates but all they get are pictures of storage units..." The backers asked for proof the money was spent. He showed the parts and storage units. "...inability to produce even a watch strap..." This project has never stated they are producing watch straps. It's been clear from the beginning that was going to be a purchased part with their design spec based on the HoH stitch design. Both Chris and HoH appear to have admitted the quality of the original supplier didn't match expectation and have pursued alternative sources. "...then telling backers he is doing something else with their money." There is nothing in the updates to suggest this at all. It's pure speculation on the part of others and has been latched on to by others. Secret Labs has a pre-existing electronics company with its own revenue. These comments are exactly what I'm talking about when I say people are egging each other on. Posting inaccurate information and then pointing fingers is not helpful. Again, I get you're upset but posting speculation as fact and then getting upset that bad expectations are not met is hardly making this community any better. @Erik. Using your comment has Chris Waller done this? "spend an extra minute evaluating whether your message contributes anything valuable to the progression of the project before posting." The backers asked him to post proper updates but all they get are pictures of storage units, inability to produce even a watch strap and then telling backers he is doing something else with their money. Most people wanted a watch they aren't getting that at the moment "Use this space to cheer the creator along, ask questions, and talk to your fellow backers. Please remember to be respectful and considerate. Thanks!" I get that some of you are upset that this project hasn't gone the way you'd like it to go. You're egging each other on and posting the same things repeatedly with increasingly rude language and in some cases attempting to reveal personal information which, in other forums, would get you outright banned. Some of you seem to have forgotten that Pebble had its issues and suffered outrage when they fulfilled watches late, lopsided, began selling retail before finishing their fulfillment, had no SDK for use at launch, and had SDKs and updates that bricked watches but to look at these comments you'd think it was the absolute model of a project and nothing went wrong. I think everyone agrees it's disappointing this project is delayed but calling for refunds and litigation and personally hunting the project creators down in the comments over and over isn't really contributing anything of value. Some of us are still interested in the progress of the project and your spamming is actively making this a worse experience for everyone. You have your avenues for reaching out and whether or not they've worked, repeatedly posting in the comments absolutely does nothing but turn away people who might be interested in conversations related to backing the project and encouraging its completion. People had different reasons for backing. I personally was interested in encouraging the advancement of NETMF in hobby electronics. I'm a C# developer and I'm also interested in IoT, wearables, etc. The project promised to contribute the code back to open source which was a huge factor in my involvement. I still want that to move forward. I'm absolutely interested in seeing that continue and having conversations around that but every time I come here I'm inundated with roughly the same 5 messages repeated ad nauseam and give up looking for anything of interest. I'm not asking you to leave or use one of the forums you've established to consolidate your anger and disappointment but maybe you could spend an extra minute evaluating whether your message contributes anything valuable to the progression of the project before posting. Thank you for your consideration. @Ben Baskaran: (See below) A lot of words - but difficult tp grasp exactly what he is saying that gives us any hope of a quick resolution/refund. Abandon hope, all ye who invested here ! This is interesting view backers, creators and kickstarter <url>"gift certificates" to the backers, that's not cool. Refund the people who you promised a reward. sheesh. I think you may have a difficult/expensive time providing the quality of evidence needed for a conviction in a Court - but I'm not denying that it is probably a course to follow. Especially when Kickstarter quotes like this - ""A pledge is a promise to donate, so it's a donation. Sometimes a reward arrives, sometimes it doesn't." - can be produced by the defence. Coming up on 2 years since I first started calling this a scam. Hope Chris Walker gets a felony conviction out of this. Scam artists deserve everything that got coming to them. Facebook page is dead!! this guy is preparing to run away. Simon, how about making a blog and asking people to subscribe to it? Heck, start a facebook page about Agent Is Dead... Or are you doing this deliberately to also make fun of how old Agent is? Hey, Chris Walker, read this: <url>"It is still there as the top google hit..." Re facebook page : it is still as the top hit for the search "agent watch facebook" but it has either been deleted or locked down so as not to be accessible. Anyone have a different experience? The twitter account still seems to be live. Does anyone knows what happend to Agents Facebook Page - I cant find it any more. @Anthony, I agree with you. The video showed many simulations. Then again, so did the orginal Pebble one with the infamous wire going up the sleeve, but that was funded in May 2012. Speaking of Pebble, they're back again and will easily crack $20m here. I see they're offering distributor packs of 30 units. How does that sit with this statement from your link? << Kickstarter announced that Hardware and Product Design rewards could only be offered in single quantities. What if my product works best as a pair or as a set of five? As we noted in the announcement, sensible sets are fine. If your piece of hardware is best offered as a set of five, that's okay, however you couldnt also offer it as a single piece. Creators will have to decide what works best for their project. >> Amazing what the lure of a $1,000,000 fee for KS will do! Oh yeah, forgot to repeat the mantra: Kickstarter is NOT a store. Found it - <url>"A pledge is a promise to donate, so it's a donation. Sometimes a reward arrives, sometimes it doesn't." @Dan, yeah and he's 3 weeks overdue there already! << Hi Chris, "A new build released on average every two weeks" Now not sure which calendar you are using but if you want to get to this average you need to shorten your release window. Cheers, Beauty>> As described in Terms of Use, Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill, you know. I know that you want to develop Agent 2.0 as better product. But If you want to develop Agent 2.0, you should ship Agent 1.0 or give us a refund. Then you can create as a new project. This is a way that is least disruptive to those who need your cool products. I'm going to save everyone from a Chris Walker update by posting a Chris Walker update. You're welcome. <url>"liked" the update (and 11 did) and/or IF you have opted for V2 of Agent I have some news for you. Seek help. You have a low IQ and are likely inbred. You deserve being ripped off so I hope you continue to enjoy Kickstarter. Please don't breed - we have enough complete imbeciles on this planet already. Just for those not checking the updates thread: "The extended configuration settings designate whether the device supports IPv4 (traditional Internet), IPv6 (next-generation Internet) or a combination of the two. In our case we are supporting native IPv6and including backwards-compatibility support with IPv4-mapped IPv6 addresses. This requires some routing magic; more on this in a later update." Dear Chris If you think this requires "magic" then you need to give up the day job. It isn't hard and lots of articles will demonstrate how it is done. You're either trying to fool the weak minded or you don't know what you're talking about. Either way it doesn't look good. You are not doing anything unique or particularly clever. You come across like someone who is struggling to remain current but has such a massive ego that you cannot accept it. IT is littered with such people. They get away with it for a time but get caught out sooner or later. Your time will come and you're going to fail your family. In the meantime - anyone reading this should know that you're way out of your depth and they would be idiots to give you the benefit of the doubt This last update shows how desperate and delusional they are thinking that this is going to help mitigate any of our concerns. In fact I'm smelling fraud more and more every day. I was thinking incompetence and inexperience, but this needs to be investigated as to where our money actually went. That's a lot of money. Does anybody actually think this product will ever be produced ? I just bought an iPhone 6 and have every intention of getting the new watch from Apple in April which is just around the corner. Whatever they could come up with would be so irrelevant at this point. I backed this project because it was supposed to be delivered over a year ago. Didn't Chris blame HOH in the last update and say their contract is up, and now HOH is still working on the watch? I am so confused from this scamject (scam project). Over a year late from the delivery date and we are still talking about watch straps? Couldn't you just make the watch a standard 22mm, and use any watch strap you want? Pebble never had any problems with watch straps, and if they did it would have been fixed in 2 days, not 2+ years. Can someone explain this to me because I am an intelligent person, but I am so confused with this project. @Ben, Excellent! Please keep us updated. I live in NY and I just filled out the paperwork for a claim, I will be submitting it tomorrow. Michael W, small claims would only help those dozen people, and not the rest of us... However, if people go for small claims and won, that pretty much means that we could use the same argument at a class action. @Daniel Chang, I have been saying for a long time now, the best solutions is to get as many backers in the NY area to all file small claims against CW. In my opinion, class action in this case is not the best solution. Imagine if a dozen (or more) backers all filed small claims actions against CW! @william wei, it costs next to nothing to file a small claims action! If you are in the NY area I highly recommend you file!!! Either a whole bunch of people in NY bring Chris Walker to small claims court or we file for class action. With class action expect at least 25% of the money recovered going to the lawyer(s). No one in their right mind would want Chris Walker's "coupon settlement" for an Agent FU2.0 or a coupon to his still not available store for Netduino parts. Does anyone agree that we launch a project to claim CW for refund? or to fund small claims action? It has been over a year since the estimated shipping date. I'd now like a refund. so difficult to trust crowdfunding again because of this agent incident... No one is taking responsibility to funders and yet so many got a piece of the pie... legalizing fraud I also saw the SohO store for house of hororogy has closed and all the watches listed on the site are out of stock. Does HoH exist anymore I know kickstarter doesn't t really care about us getting our money back. But I did add the new update to my complaint ticket - update is not mentioning agent 1.0. To me it shows that project is dead and the creator has moved on to version 2.0 which is changing the original project plan. Wait, Agent OS 2.0? Where the hell has 1.0 been? Looking at this project now it looks like such a relic. There are so many choices nowadays too at competitive prices. I'm sure that Pebble 2 backers will get their watch soon whilst we are getting update 1000th! There updates are like the text version of when the adults talk in Peanuts cartoons. Wah wah wawwawah wah wah... I see Chris's real plan here. Create project, piss people off for years with lies and crappy updates, years later produce a cheap, crappy watch, sell watch at exorbitant prices to hipstershipsters that will wear said watch "ironically." Chris exposes stack. IPv6 blah blah blah. Put stack back in daks. Anyone in the US able to confirm any of the claims about what the funds have been spent on? Each update is looking more suspicious to me (having seen some very late projects and one where the creator was heading for bankruptcy even before launching - see my backer profile). For two years you shown complete inability to work and full inability to using of million dollars funding. While you during four months making investigation of middle button and recording ip address in hexadecimal form, Pebble had buy millionth sample of own watches and collected 12 millions dollars for next generation watches - Pebble time. At that time you just trying will make version 2.0, while you was completely deceived expectations of your backers of version 1.0. Personally for me, I had to buy Pebble Steel as real alternative of unreal Agent Watches version XXX.0 This is just embarrassing now. How can you get us to buy in to a version 2.0 when version 1.0 are old parts expiring in a fridge. Chris come back down to the real world and admit the project we all backed has failed and you're issuing refunds or inform us there's no money left. Youve dug yourself in the deepest hole and each update just goes further into darkness Refund!!!Refund!!!Refund!!!Refund!!!Refund!!!Refund!!!Refund!!!Refund!!!Refund!!! "Man, am I happy that notification came over IPv6!" said nobody in the history of anything. Shipping a user experience is the ONLY thing counts - don't ship technology. We all bought into the v1 user experience. Out of 5000+ backers, do you seriously think even one sighed in relief at hearing about IPv6 support? The only thing getting redefined here is the definition of "tone-deaf PR". This user's account has been deleted. Update 27. Boggles the mind. But he did dispel any illusions we might have had about any version of the software being ship-ready. So pretty much all the cars of this train are off the rails - not just the cars carrying mechanical parts. Advice for deaf ears : lock down and ship. It's pretty much Project Management 101. (I am presuming most opportunities for a face-saving fail-fast path are gone). I want an update talking about how the heck Chris Walker believed he could have delivered on this by December 2013... I also want an update about companion apps... It's not a smartwatch if it cannot sync to a smartphone. Updates that describe what has been done are not particularly useful without updates about what remains. For all I know, what has been described in this latest update brings the watch no closer to release, and may even represent a further delay. Feel free to describe all the wonderful things that you are doing with the software and the leather straps, but by updating your backers only on what has been done and not on what remains, it is very difficult to shake the feeling that the work described in the updates represents little actual progress toward production. REFUND! The creator is full of shit! REFUND NOW! Seriously, just kill the project already. We don't care about your dumb updates Damn a whole month to "collect MDM sheets" something you should be able to do online in oh about a day (or more like 5 minutes). I know because we do it where I work for the devices we sell. Never fear though OS 2 is here! Just no actual device to house it in! Hoorah great news on the straps you can all rest easy now @Gerry Sanchez, how is that potential Vanity Fair article coming? I'm sure not all 5.7K backers spend 15 minutes a month checking on this project... but that averages out to 1400 hours a month if so... REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! In 4 months we'll be at our 2 YEAR anniversary of funding...no logical person can say theres been a dedicated effort put forth to bring this to production. WTF do you do all month, much less for the last 2 YEARS? Have "team" (read- voices in head)meetings? Your arrogance and selfish intentions will come back some day...karma's a ****. REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! Pebble 3 now at 11.2 million $ with still 28 days to go ! @Roma: No point in crying - some investments pay off (Pebbles 1 & 2), others Agent and HOT do not - if someone is not big enough to take risks, then perhaps best not invest. But I'm not excusing the rather poor performance of some. As I said to Gloria Mundi - I'm sic in transit ! I disputed my charge with AMEX and they refunded me. I would suggest you all do the same. I can't stop laughing. "The next generation smartwatch with brand-new technology." June 2013 LMAO! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! REFUND!!! @Dan, Thanks for your wonderful laments. I love them. Here's an inadequate haiku back at you. Snow flakes softly drop As New York AG stumbles Walker says hike you Read to the "Last Post" (taps) playing in the background --- or the "Dead March" from Saul. Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the bleakest Februar As a dying Agent wrought its ghost upon the floor Eagerly I wished the morrow, vainly I once sought to borrow From my bank excess of money  money for the Agent more For the rare and radiant smartwatch, whom we now must name Lenore Formless now for evermore. Requiescat in Pace Small claims court! Small claims court! Small claims court! If I were anywhere near NYC, that is what I would do. I really hope there are at least a few backers willing to do that! Imagine CW's life if he had even 10 small claims actions against him all at once! OUCH! @Dan I was waiting for WP support of Pebble for too long already... Obviously Crud Walker is a fraud. He violated kickstarter rules by faking the demo, and he obviously lied about state that the project was really at. This project is a total scam. Sure, I believe that Chris Walker really thought he could have done it in a year, but I don't believe he could have honestly thought he could have delivered that December! What a liar! i backed pebble time as I've treated this project as paper-ware. I really this thing will ever fly. But I'd love to know WHAT HAPPENED ? A book, perhaps ? Either the creator is indeed a fraud, or was overwhelmed by all the problems noted in previous Updates - problems with backlights, straps, pushers, case, p.c.b. foreign suppliers, etc. For someone possibly unused to the difficulties of developing such an item to volume production without an Apple-sized team, those problems must have seemed never-ending and unsolvable. A lament re-issued --- Not a sound was heard Not a funeral note As the wreckage to the scrapyard was hurried Nor investor let out a farewell sob O'er the bottomless pit where 't was buried. We carved not a line, and we raised not a stone, But left Chris alone with his "story" Pebble 3 now at 10.1 million $, with 29 days still to go - now that sure is one popular K.S. investment. @Frank S. - if you need accurate distance measurement, then Fitbit Surge, or other watch with inbuilt GPS, is indeed way to go. But otherwise, and after two other successful watches, Pebble 3 should be considered OK for many interested in health data. Alas Agent 1, and Hot 1 are more or less dead in the water. @Christopher Burnett: That's it, I couldn't put my finger on why after all this time I am still getting annoyed about this whole debacle, It's CW's arrogance! Even his profile picture exudes arrogance. Maybe now I can forget this whole sorry mess and move on with my new Pebble Time kickstarter answer : Hi , Travis here with Kickstarter support--thanks for updating me about this situation, and Im sorry to hear that this has not been a better experience for you and other backers of the AGENT project. I do see that we've reached out to this creator in the past to remind them of their obligations, as well as our expectations regarding communication. I'm sorry they haven't yet responded to you and other members of their backer community. If you feel as though this creator has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, wed appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback Form. We'll be sure to take your experience into consideration as we evaluate the policies and procedures that we have in place. Thanks again for your cooperation and for being an active member of the Kickstarter community. Best, I just ordered a fitbit surge and will probably never look back on agent or pebble. Lawrence should be able to post now that their ties have been broken.... Also, I try not to come around here any more as all it does is piss me off. Chris' total lack of communication and perceived arrogance irritate me. The intentual deception really irks me. @tim, not my fault. Their name is on this project. So they have as much responsibility as secret labs. HoH needs to sue Chris then for breaking a contract. Any updates on this fraud? Would be good to have someone step up and offer refunds or replacement products as many of us have moved on or backed pebbles new watch. What a shame! @Chris Jutting oh really... okay, just read that; the guess is that is Microsoft showing Pebble that it could be done, but Pebble's reddit AMA still says no first party apps for Windows Phone... @Daniel, Michaels link is an internal app used for testing, and could very well end up being an official app. That one does have the necessary APIs to pull notifications. <url>"Unfortunately, despite our repeated efforts to obtain a statement of their position, they have failed to respond. I regret to inform you that we will not be able to assist you further." SL/CW didn't even respond, probably at the advice of his lawyers. "The AG office can only take formal law enforcement action only when we have evidence of a business's pattern of repeated or persistent fraud or illegality. In the case of individual complaints our role is limited to that of a mediator. Mediation is a voluntary procedure, and we cannot force either side in a dispute to settle a complaint" They then explained my only recourse is NYS small claims court suit. Also attached was a letter from KS Deputy General Counsel Michael Rosenn disavowing any responsibility in the matter. "Kickstarter is a platform and a resource. Kickstarter is not inovled in the developments of the project themselves." Not sure why KS was contacted but fine. If I weren't moving away from NYC in a couple weeks I would probably sue CW in small claims court but I have other plans for my last days in NY. I just backed Pebble: <url>#2 just in case AGENT v2 is actually delivered; at least it'll be a little more up-to-date. In the mean time, I've backed the new Pebble Time watch that was just announced today, and I'll likely receive the Pebble before the AGENT v1 ever ships to anybody. Yeah the Agent and Pebble projects are at completely opposite ends of the spectrum. Pebble Time now at $6 million and 31 days to go - wow, this has to be one of the biggest KS projects yet. I wonder what Apple is thinking of right now ? Why is House of Horology not giving backers a watch as a sign of appreciation? Woo-hoo. Just backed Pebble Time. Both Pebble and Secret Labs said the watches were near complete before ordering. Anyone want to hazard a guess as to which one I get first. Just backed Pebble Time i figured i'd reach out to Kickstarter again - since his last update - talking about Agent 2.0 when Agent 1.0 doesnt even exist yet. waiting for a response. Pebble 3 now at 4.2 million dollars - and counting ! Wow. Notice how Pebble also describe their new watch as "no compromises" Chris Walker, I want my money back. P.S. I asked my lawyer friend whether this is an open and shut case due to Chris Walker breaching kickstarter terms with his fake demo and lies that I pointed out in my document. She said she will review it, if she has the time. So I'm assuming I'm not going to hear back in a while... 3.3 million $, and counting ! Just seen the video - wow, I really want that one ! Abandon hope, all ye who remain here. I just pledged the new pebble 3 smart watch also. I know I will get that before the agent watch. And Pebble 3 just got $3 million for their latest model - which do you think I'll get first ? Pebble 3 or Agent 1 ? wow - three million dollars ! @Chris... go for the Fibit Surge, I had it for a week. Love it. Notification still not available, but it does wonders on activity tracking. And it is an EXISTING product. @Joshua why @Kickstar let them do this Agent 2.0 scam? Because they don't care or don't have any mean to stop it. I'm leaning on the fact they don't care. Do as I did, complain, who knows if a vast majority of backers take 5 minutes to complain, they may wake up. Lol, this crap got more outdated with the KS of Pebble Time. Just close this already! Too bad Pebble still doesn't support Windows Phone, or they'd have another backer, since this project will never materialize, I'm certain. just backed the pebble also - <url>"your" Agent watch for the certificate. Basically SL will "ship" your watch to SL and will give you a certificate for exchange. In case if SL can't ship your watch to SL because it doesn't exist, you will still receive the certificate "in advance" if you choose option 3. People who chose Option 1 will be still waiting. To be fair we are all equally deserved a refund as much as Roma. I bet those people who sold you their pledges have had a chuckle at your expense mate. Looks like we won't be getting anything from Chris no refund and no watch. Pretty gutting really as my bro and my dad pledged for this as well. Chalk this one up to experience and move on I think. REFUND NOW! So I was just re-reading the last update, and something stood out that bothered me. In Option 3, the last bullet-point states the following. Notice the **highlighted** phrase... So what does this mean, at the end of June when the physical watches STILL aren't done, everyone gets saddled with useless paper?! * Secret Labs will begin issuing gift certificates on or before 30-Jun-2015. **If the AGENT Smartwatch physical rewards are not yet ready for shipment, Secret Labs will issue gift certificates regardless and will do the trade-in on behalf of backers "in advance".** If demand for gift certificates is very high, Secret Labs may issue them in batches to help ensure sufficient inventory stock levels, on a first-come, first-serve basis. @PB I think it is safe to say, that nobody knows that. If we chose option 1 what is the ETA for receiving the watch? In retrospect, I doubt anyone has as much skin in the game as @Roma, who purchased five AGENT pledges. If nothing else, @Creator owes him some attention. I just came here for the comments. And a refund. But more for the comments. Just came to do my monthly check in. And to tell creator to go suck a fat one. I see the Agent forums reflect the trainwreck this project has become. Can we sue Chris for using the internet as a carriage service for repeatedly spruiking viagra, cialis et al. It's a bit stiff! @Simon, I haven't gotten updates for that email even though I signed up. Should I send another email? Update two has just gone out. We need to deal in facts and hit Chris where it hurts - in the wallet. This can be achieved in a number of ways. Violence isn't one of them. Keep calm and get even <email> Product or money please? I can't wait any longer Nah, I prefer this one <url>"big" maker of smartwatches - sad really Nothing beside remains: round the decay Of this colossal wreck, boundless and bare, The lone and level sands stretch far away. So, when to expect the AGENT 1.0? Where are my f*ckin' watch? Or just refund me mine $200, I'm tired of waiting and reading all those well-written long letters with updates on production delayed for two years by now. Got my Fitbit Surge yesterday, works great with my Windowsphone, I'm moving on... @creator, no, I will not opt for other option then option 1) as I don't think we should give you the freedom to appropriate the funding for something else. But since you don't even read our post or Kickstarter for that matter, why Am I wasting my time. Funny thing is everytime I ask the question to Kickstarter: "Can Chris Walker appropriate the funds for another project?", they go silent, no even the generic blurp as a response. Just to show how much Chris Walker is testing unproven grounds as far as Kickstarter is concern. @Alex Goldberg You are mistaken in one thing. Kickstarter requires a video demo of the prototype as it is, no rendering or faking its actual abilities. There is only one video attached to this campaign, and obviously Chris Walker had violated Kickstarter rules. So now when I back another project, if the demo is too good to be true, I'll ask for a better demo. I don't know how many backers may be in Alberta Canada, but we have a nice little law that may help in deciding whether or not to take the credit offer. I especially like these clauses:  The regulation applies to gift cards bought or sold in Alberta. The same rules apply to cards purchased in Alberta on the Internet.  Anyone who sells or accepts gift cards for payment must follow the requirements of the regulation.  Under the Fair Trading Act, businesses convicted of violating the Gift Card Regulation could face fines up to $300,000, two years in prison, or both. <url> Snapdragon 400 Operating System: Android Wear Display: 1.3-inch P-OLED Display (320 x 320, 245ppi) Size: 45.5 x 52.2 x 10.9mm Memory: 4GB eMMC/ 512MB LPDDR2 Battery: 410mAh Sensors: 9-Axis (Gyro / Accelerometer / Compass) / Barometer / PPG (Heart Rate Sensor) Colors: Gold / Silver Other: Dust and Water Resistant (IP67) Link: <url>"buff"-et car recently. Those poor elderly spinsters. One had a stroke and the other had a stroke. No, news of all your grubby little peccadillos will stay with me! What about your biggest secret though? When will you reveal that Nick Martin, Chris Walker, Lawrence Leyderman and Martin Calsyn are all pseudonyms for a certain knight of the realm who has a considerable interest in smartwatches? Catchya later Jony. Cheers Martin, I sure did - a few great 'words of wisdom' that is certainly food for thought. I totally agree with the idea of SL becoming more transparent in their behaviour, it also scares me what horror maybe lurking behind the big curtains or the look of the Phantom that is CW's face when he finally takes off the mask! My biggest fear that after following this 'Yellow Brick Road' that the true commodity that we all seek is nothing at all and all we see CW vanishing up, up & away in his big ballon! One things for sure I don't think SL/CW (HoH to an extent) playing by Kickstarter rules anymore & even if they were I doubt very much if any assistance would be forthcoming from KS. For the sake of adding a little interest I too would like to join Martin in asking you which Option you have chosen & a short piece of text informing us all as to why you have chosen that particular option. So the mic's on, spotlight set, audience in, it's now just down to anyone willing to share with us please?! I am not sure how interesting the results would be, nor if people even care enough to invest that much more energy in this project, but if you do that tally, please don't do it in the comments. Set up something in OneDrive or Google Docs or something. On the other hand, it might be interesting if people post their choice and their rationale for that choice here. That would probably be more helpful to the people sitting on the fence than a pure tally would. For myself, I am sticking with Option 1, because I cannot use the US tax credit one might gain out of a donation based on Option 3, and because I originally signed up here because I wanted to develop against this platform. My desire to develop NETMF-based wearables has been more than satisfied by the IngenuityMicro prototype mentioned earlier (though not yet broadly available). That plus a 3D printer will keep me entertained creating different form factors and wearable apps while I wait for this to play out one way or another. So, Option 1 for me. I will say though that for others choosing Option 1 or 2 that the complete opaqueness of SL makes it nearly impossible (for me) to have faith that anything will ever ship. Consider how much easier life could be for SL and CW if they just lifted the covers a bit to show off what is working already. Even just in a video or a few screenshots from the watch and mobile apps. In the face of backers' quite reasonable questions, there's no real reason not to show progress you claim to have already made, unless that progress really isn't there. IMHO, there's way more upside than downside to lifting the covers a bit, unless what is hidden is worse than what we are already guessing at (and guessing is all we have right now). And while we have focused on the straps, switches and other hardware delivery issues, you should also consider all the software you have never seen. Even the incredibly thin SDK that was originally put out there no longer runs against current NETMF installs, so even what was put out is now obsolete and apparently unsupported. If you want your watch to engage end users (i.e., where the money is), you need to engage developers and have compelling apps BEFORE the launch and there are no signs of that preparation. So why is SL ignoring this truism of tech marketing? Because of poor planning or because there just isn't anything to develop against? Consider how the tone of the conversation would change if we had seen those investments demonstrated instead of pictures of boxes in cabinets? The huge upside SL could gain from more transparency combined with their lack of transparency is a huge red flag to me. These are just my opinions. I've doubled down on this project more than once and beyond all reason, truly wanting it to succeed. However, my dev-centric attitude means I am almost certainly not the average backer here, but I do hope you found this huge post useful in some way. @Martin - I thank you for your ease of being able to now better understand the options given to us. My understanding was slightly amiss as I was unaware of the train I was on, I think I should of changed station a couple of stops ago but as usual I've been in the Buffet Car drinking with @Roma! It all started a while ago on a Caribbean Island & with a Golf Cart but that's for another time!? I've just read my ticket & I thought I was on the First Class Express but this journey has fallen by the wayside, shall we say it's no Orient Express, more of a Freight Train that derailed some months ago! So now after reading the translated options I'm still unsure which option is best suited. Can I ask for a Poll of Backers & which Option they're choosing? Kinda like the Game we all played where we wrote we wanted a refund & all added our Names & a continuation of the ticker tape of numbers? For example:- Option 1: Nick Martin 001 Option 2: Joe Bloggs 008 Option 3: Sam Adams 017 Option 4: Jack Ryan 146 How about it? It would give us Backers who are stuck sat on the Station Waiting Room fence?! Also, it would be a great social survey to see how many people are taking the whole notion of the 'CW Lawyers Update' as being honest & fair. Also which way other Backers are being swayed. Finally, What are the items for purchase at The SL Superstore? Will it be old circuit boards that are just past their Sell By Date? Or will there be signed pictures of CW holding a giant check for $1,012,742 in one hand with a bottle of fizz popping in his other? Maybe tins of Unicorn meat? Chickens Teeth? A whole cornucopia of excitement? Or will it just be a farce where the $ amount you pledged is turned into 'CW Bucks' to spend with a poor exchange rate?! Kinda like you do at lame Theme Parks. I look forward to your thoughts but once again thank you for your translation - it's much appreciated. Best Regards, As Always, Nick @Martin, thanks for the morning laughter. Here's a blurp I got from Kickstarter: "Thanks for updating me about this situation, and Im sorry to hear that this has not been a better experience for you and other backers. I do see that we've reached out to this creator in the past to remind them of their obligations, as well as our expectations regarding communication. I'm sorry they haven't been responding to you and other members of their backer community. If you feel as though this creator has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, wed appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback Form. We'll be sure to take your experience into consideration blablablabla" And I'm still waiting for an answer on this question: "Can the creator appropriate the funds and redirect it to something else?" Shouldn't someone complain to Kickstarter that this is not the smartest watch in the world therefore raised funds on a blatant lie @Nick : In plain English: Option 1 : Do nothing - continue to wait for Agent 1; delivery still highly uncertain Option 2 : Send email stating that you want Agent 2 when it is ready, if ever Option 3 : Send email stating that you want a voucher for other SecretLabs products around June 30, 2015 In sarcastic English, Option 1 : Slow-motion train wreck. You are currently on this train. No action required. Option 2 : Switch trains in favor of one with more unicorns. Hasn't left the station yet. Option 3 : Cash out - get stuff you probably don't need or want, but hey, maybe you can donate it somewhere for 501(c)3 tax credit (in America) and the satisfaction of extracting hard assets from SL without the time or ambiguity of the legal process. Option all-of-the-above : If you feel cheated, file with the NYAG. Instructions readily available below in the comment stream. Option throw-a-tantrum : Make threats directed at Chris, et al. Please grow up, go outside and get some fresh air and perspective. Take constructive action, or nothing at all please - the world is ugly enough already. @Gerry Sanchez Great to hear that. Keep us posted. @Simon: You've made me laugh. Well said! )) Hey Guys, after reading CW's Lawyers last Update I still can't get my head around it?! Now I'm not dumb but I really could use some help - could someone translate what are options are & are we supposed to decide by a certain date? I know that the option of a Refund wasn't there but I could really use some help deciphering what the option are in plain English. I thank you in advance for any help you can help me with. Cheers Guys. Chris Walker and Lawrence Leyderman will regret this little scam one day. I will find you. @ALL. As I said you guys are understandably real pissed off, and want to do something. But getting together a Class Action, and getting it accepted, and then winning it - will take some years, some expense, and a whole lot of luck. My best guess is "targeted publicity" - tell your story in the right place at the right time - you might just persuade Kickstarter to act ? @Kumar Jhuremalani I don't disagree - what my point is that throwing good money after bad is not likely to be productive. I mean spending money on legal actions to get back small sums is not worth doing. All you will produce after 3 years or so is richer lawyers and little cash in your hand. Refund or watch. At this point I'll take either. A choice must be made. Please add me to the refund list. I still say if multiple backers took CW to small claims court, this would cost him a lot of money and a LOT of time! NEWS JUST IN: Chris Walker is the idiots Wil.I.Am of the nerd world <url>"Come on darling lets have sex tonight. I want to have some babies. My body clock is ticking" CW "Well I COULD have sex with you tomorrow but it would be MUCH better sex if we leave it for a while. I'm really working hard on making sex better and you will be stoked by some of the improvements I'm going to announce soon" "But Chris you keep promising it will get better but I don't care any more. I just need sex. I don't even care if it's rubbish like it always has been" CW "Thanks for all the support and words of appreciation" *fades to CW going back to his top secret research facility/shed as MrsCW goes off to get some prime action between his back* There is only ONE individual at fault for the state of this project - HoH MAY have some involvement. But, if I am late on a project because of a sub-contractor then it is MY fault - not the subcontractor since I chose them and did not manage the situation and plan for an alternate source/resource. (The 'Buck' stops at the Project Leader/Creator). Add me to the list of those wanting a refund. Hopefully we can get all 5685 backers (assuming most are even paying attention to this project anymore) to want a refund so we can end this project as it won't amount to anything. I'd be a lot more patient if there was any hint of progress in each update. Projects will usually be a lot more work than initially predicted, but he's gotten in over his head on this one. It'd be nice of HoH took a more aggressive approach to dealing with Chris too as their name is on this project too. We also thought it was a nearly done deal when we signed up. I mean it has a watch fully assembled (with buttons and everything!) in the thumbnail for the video you see whenever you go to a page on this project. @Dan Mitchell, Secret Labs are crooks. They got a campaign approved by breaking Kickstarters agreement with them. Who suffers - Obviously us, the backers. Are we going to get the product - Obviously NOT. And if you think there's chance of it, you've gotta be dreaming. Face the facts, you've been cheated, your hard earned money has gone down the drain. All our hard earned money has gone down the drain. So now if somebody is taking the time & making an effort to get it back, why are you stopping them? Why are you kicking them when they are already down? Seriously, either help us get our money back, or get us the product, stop giving us mumbo jumbo of what is the right way of doing things. Instead, give the few backers a pat on the back as a way to support them. Research and development is the process of doing something that has not been done. Engineering is the process of applying known processes toward an end. Since all that is in the 'Agent' watch is application of known processes then it's is Engineering. Engineering a product like a watch hardware has been done so many times that one can download all the 'bit's as reference designs that one can 'brand' as their own. So, summarily, Agent hardware should have been completed within a few months of work. What Valid excuses are there for not having working hardware in our hands? With all the finger-pointing away from the project leader 'by' the project leader I speculate that we are funding a learning process for an individual who is in over his head and cannot really come to terms and realize that and REFUND NOW. The item in the latest report that surprises/amazes me most is the alterations necessary to the watch PCB to accomodate the spring leaf contacts for the pushers. "Late" is barely the best description of that activity that I can come up with ! When I watched the original promotional video I assumed, and many others will also have assumed, that we were looking at a fully functional prototype only needing to be scaled up for manufacture - and NOT just a mock-up of an idea that needed all the subsequent design and prototyping work so painfully related in the last 26 reports. @Chris -- No I don't think it is in the least unfair to ask for a refund in the particular circumstances - my point was that LEGALLY, according to Kickstarter rules/intentions, we probably don't have a chance of success. I understand some of you guys are all fired up to do something - but few if any individual backers will have the time/resources/money to initiate legal action. And even if you did it would be several years down the line before a judgement was obtained, and then after the lawyers' cut you might only get a fraction of the sum invested. For most backers the sum involved makes it pointless to anything but publicise the awful truth. @Dan re refunds - the initial status of the project was so far from the reality of what you've backed I don't think it's unfair to ask for a refund. @Simon: Be careful what you publish, your comment ----- " all info on Chris walkers family and associates would be most welcome." -- would/might not be looked on kindly in Court ! Dan Mitchell: I know it's note a store, but based on the latest update, Chris Walker is appropriating the fund to do something else. He may as well have use the funds for a trip under Sun for "team building". In normal business situation we have direct access to the vendor or service provider. Here, Kickstarter is shielding Chris Walker and let him do as he please with the funds... NO OVERSIGHT. @Simon - I just sent you GOLD, check your email Hey all - all info on Chris walkers family and associates would be most welcome. Don't get mad get even <email> In view of the notes below, it is hard to see how anyone could expect/demand a refund ? Kickstarter Is Not a Store Perry Chen, Yancey Strickler, and Charles Adler  September 20, 2012 It's hard to know how many people feel like they're shopping at a store when they're backing projects on Kickstarter, but we want to make sure that it's no one. Today we're introducing a number of changes to reinforce that Kickstarter isnt a store  its a new way for creators and audiences to work together to make things. Wed like to walk you through these changes now. Oh wow, I guess I'm late in the news, Amazon Payment doesn't process payment for Kickstarter anymore... short story... time to do a formal fraud complaint to my credit card issuers. In the mean time on twitter: Losing faith in @amazonpayments for not helping backers of @kickstarter. @agentwatches is defrauding backers, we want a full refund Chucky, I know but if I don't try I'll never know for sure. Oh got an answer from CW Team (like this is more then a one man show). He has the balls to do the bait and switch again in his answer. And I'll make sure to high light to Amazon I will never use there Amazon Payment again. It's also there reputation that is on the line. What is the AGENT 2.0? Umm let me see... I haven't received the original AGENT yet. The estimated delivery is Dec 2013. It is now Feb 2015. I want receive a full refund. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. First step in getting a refund, I asked through Amazon complain system: Based on the lastest update on Kickstarter I don't beleive you have any intention to deliver the rewards as described in the Kickstarter campaign "Agent Smartwatch". For that reason, I'm asking for a full refund. Be advised, if you don't refund the transaction, I will continue the procedure with Amazon and my Credit Card issuer. Regards, Not living in the USA, my options are limited (sueing and all). Refund? after 2 years, it's too late. So I'm sticking with option 1). Why, it's still the best way to hurt CW, I may only get the paper weight in 10 years, but I will not leberate him from his obligation. All other option wave the little right I have and give a free lunch to CW. So CW, keep the wrist band update coming... Did I mention this is the last Kickstarter I'm funding even though I have another campaign going much better (The Dash by Bragi) I used to work for a small company (13 people at this point) that was floundering, but nothing was the majority owner's fault (no marketing money, wouldn't implement sales plans, would not change anything he was doing). Margins were too thin, can't compete with the big companies, was the fault of an arrested minority owner, etc. He was also sick of dealing with Minority owner's wife. That's when ingenuity struck, it would solve all his problems. He will turn this into an employee-owned company. The employees could buy the stock from minority owner, and he would give stock to lower him to 49% share. The gap between minority owner's stock and his would be distributed based on seniority. Great incentive for the employees, right? They'd have a stake in the profits (motivation) and could over-rule the boss! Well, the 2 most senior employees would want nothing to change. Also, the stock would have been a loss from the start, putting the employees on the hook for the debt of the company. Basically, the employees would be stuck with burden of the company, would reduce his burden, but nothing would change. Needless to say, only 4 people of that 13 were still there by the end of the year. Moral of the story is this: This project, and likely Secret Labs as a whole, is in a serious downward spiral due to mismanagement at the top. We see the same issues and empty-ish promises on the Netduino side as well. This is an effort to shift resources and delay promises to keep things afloat, with no real change to the situation. Things have stayed on autopilot with no change for so long that now the desperation is setting in. This watch will not hit our wrists, at the very least in no useful manner. Stay with option 1, at least we have some semblance of recourse if this never pans out. At the very least, let's keep this millstone large around the neck of SecretLabs to have at least something shipped to our door. Hey guys - I reached out to somebody based out of NY who is a former writer for Vanity Fair, INC.com and currently a writer for vocativ.com - he is extremely interested on whats going on and is currently doing research on his end. I forwarded him all my info and concerns along with a lot of the issues most of you have. I also forwarded him the email from Simon who setup the AgentIsDead email. I am hoping he can shed some light on this issue with his resources. If I see enough traction behind this and you guys want me to start to forward him stuff Ill share my email and get that going. Will be updating as soon as i hear back from him. Please add me to the refund list. This list is up-to-date? <url>"Kickstarter handle" ? No-one has any faith you'll ever deliver anything. A refund is almost certainly never gonna happen, as you've wasted too much to refund everyone, and it'd blow a hole in the way Kickstarters are support to work. We're not due a refund and anyone who read the T&C's knows that. How about instead you give every bit of tech, every learning and every sketch to an open source foundation and let other hackers maybe actually make something of it. Use whatever cash is left to give the foundation a year or two of runway. Then just go away. Quietly. Thanks. It has been almost 2 years, and all we got, bullshit text. We do not pay for text! He stole more than a million, and we should just give him our hard earned money? Guys, why did not anyone think to sue him in court for stealing our money? How about a regular HoH watch instead? Your 3 options are all very bad choices. twitter your questions to @chrisdwalker I also choose Option 4. Enough is enough Chris - Listen to your Backers - for once & do the right thing. I choose option 4. FULL REFUND! Just remember, CW... your hubris lead you here. You should have realized well over a year ago that you were in over your head, and you should have taken the considerate and measured action of returning at least a PORTION of the money raised. Instead, you eagerly spent money you didn't rightfully earn, and you consciously lied to everyone and even yourself. Now the credit card companies will have a field day with you if you fail to deliver something. ANYTHING. If only you can convince enough of us to change our promise and take your "Secret Lab bucks". If there's no other choice, I'm going to see this through. I don't want those ill-gotten parts being used for your other endeavors, as much as I think your reputation is so bad no one will buy anything from you again. I want to imagine you having to assemble together piece of junk watches with the credit cards holding a gun to your head, so that when I get it I can take photos and attribute it entirely to you. And if you don't deliver, I want to have the credit card companies destroy you in order to get their money back. "Agent002", based on hardware "just now coming into existence." Get your head out of the clouds. Oh, and one more thing: no one is fooled by your referring to "Secret Labs" in the "royal we". We all know you're a one-man shop in Secret Labs. Your ego would never allow anyone else to work with you. Great post and explanation. All are fair options. Kickstarter can go wrong... this the best way to try to minimize backers damage. Who ask for full refund after that basically has confused kickstarter with amazon. The funniest thing is that option 2 is a HUGE maybe, no concrete plans or anything AND "if he's unable to deliver" (which doesn't look like an unlikely scenario based on the current status of this project), you get "SL credit". Of course this "SL credit" will be subject to their product's market prices and not the cost of production (which is sort of what we have here). This in the end means that you'll get a lot less for the same amount of money AND all the parts that were supposed to go into your watch will now be part of SL's inventory. Such a nice way to get parts for your business for cheaper! @Joseph Lee "admitted that he couldn't deliver the original agent smart watch" Read again he is going to deliver you are given a choice to make a change to your reward. I am sticking with my original reward. @Michael W "forced to choose something" Read again please. <url>r den Link. Das ist der richtige Weg um Chris wach zu rtteln. Wenn wir schon unser Geld (die Uhr habe ich schon abgeschrieben) nicht wieder sehen soll Chris ber solche Berichte ein so schlechtes Image bekommen, dass er Geschftlich erledigt ist. This guy has sort of admitted that he couldn't deliver the original agent smart watch. 2. He is trying to offer something else from his "innovation creation". The monies still go to his pocket! These options only benefitting him!! I want a regular House of Horology watch sent to me for the $200+ I pledged @ Robin Wagner thanks to right all are thought Down like you did. an option 5 would be dream hope and fate in destiny. ...If we don't get everything we paid for someone will pay for one day... I think we can all agree on one thing... this update was a very strategically written update obviously done by Chris' lawyer so as not to admit failure or guild and to appease Kickstarter's rules. Chris could keep doing this year after year all the way to Agent Watch Version 52.0 and never break Kickstarter's rules. I ended up choosing option 3 in the hope that I may at least purchase some Secret Labs crap that I can possibly donate to a school for their electronic classes because I really don't want any of Chris' crap products. <url>"---- Please remember to be respectful and considerate." Let's keep the locker-room language out of here - it really does not help. What we should do is create a new Kickstarter campaign to raise funds, and take Chris Walker and the rest of this company to court with a lawsuit. This is the dark side of Kickstarter. Scammers like these guys. I for one am not requesting a refund So let's see... Option 1: outdated hardware (Chris Walker translation: 'top of its class' that has reached end of life) capable of running on outdated .NET MF framework. And it still needs another 12 months (that's being optimistic) to be assembled, tested, FCC certified (6 months there alone) to produce. Option 2: wait all that time in #1, let Chris take it back, and you get to experience "worst managed project 2.0" for another two+ years after that (so a generous 3 years of frustration) Option 3: Chris takes your agent watch parts and turns it into a non-watch Dev kit (no case) so you can experience just how outdated and broken this project now is because he was an idiot for buying all the parts before he had a SOLID design. But hey, no FCC or case problems for a $20 POS. You could have bought a $35 Raspberry Pi, but this is all the money left. Maybe that's just it. If a $165 donation is now only worth $20, I'd be surprised if Chris has more that $125000 left from the $1M the Kick starter collected. Chris Walker - Go fuck yourself with your mother's ****, you fucking thief. #option4 They haven't thrown in the towel and are still trying to do this thing. What would be cool is if Bluetooth 4.2 makes it into Agent001. Huge advantage over any current smartwatch. A couple people have asked why you might go with Option 3. Consider this : If you believe that option 1 and 2 will never deliver and you believe that legal action is a dead end (both fair assumptions) then option 3 would allow you to cost SL some real money, and then you can donate the hardware to a 501(c)3 organization that might conceivably make use of the goods in an educational program and take a US tax credit for that donation. Personally, I am choosing Option 1 because I can't use the tax credit and don't think it's such a great donation, but if you want a short path to hitting the SL bottom line, you might consider this option since it does not rely on Agent 001 ever shipping. Enough already.. You dont even bother to answer to our questions.. Tried to message and even e-mail and you dont even want to reply? Refund please.. I chose option 4: Full refund. Thank you 200.00$ of my hard earned money gone. I work hard to pay my bills one time. Sometimes times get tough and I don't make ends meet. But one day I find myself with some extra money I saved up. So i decide to treat myself. Something I rarely do. My goal was to buy something nice, and ended up finding out about this project. I regret ever finding out about this site. I feel used. I feel lied too. I'm angry. Damnit I understand it can get tough for one person to invent something and sell it. But the time isn't what has made me angry, it's the fact that he hasn't kept us informed. He doesn't address our concerns. He doesn't answer our questions. why can't he just be honest with us? Tell us it will take longer. I don't care. But don't tell us everything is fine, because it's not!! I would rather him just be honest and straight up with us. Why don't they make any comments about everything we've been saying? For months people have accused him of multiple things, why doesn't he address these accusations? He doesn't even try to deny them. Just gives us some bullshit options. You guys really think you're going to get justice in a judicial system that produces gems such as this: "Instead of a ruling in her favor, the Supreme Court rejected her petition to overrun the trial courts decision that included the amusing finding that breastfeeding-related firings arent sexist because men can lactate, too, reports RawStory.com." <url>"TECHNOLOGY" Where do I sign up for the legal action? I've been involved with a few Kickstarter projects and I have never once voiced a complaint about a company working their hardest to bring a product to market despite changes in spec and scope and timeframes. Its an understandable consequence of the creative process and I've been fine with it. However, its apparent now this project is outright fraud, from the very start the pitch was a misrepresentation and he has spent the last 18+ months telling further lies without even a hint of a prototype or product in sight. I have zero faith there ever will be one either. I have also lodged a complaint with the attorney general and I encourage everyone else to do likewise.While I am a realist and scarcely expect to ever see my money back, this clown Chris Walker deserves to be put out of business, hes simply not up to the task and should be made to go do something more suitable to his skill set, such as making license plates. @Nathaniel G Thanks for the link. I'll be doing my part as well. Matthew try this <url>we, and the term the team, I have seen no evidence of any other people working on the project other than Lawrence of House of Horology (from whom he has distanced himself in the latest update), and the now long gone but nameless project manager. In the update Chris states that the contract (one year) with Lawrence is now over. So who are the we he speaks of? --This project funded on June 20, 2013, with an expected delivery date of December 2013. It is now February 4, 2015, well over a year past the expected delivery date. --With this latest update it is clear that the Agent smart watch v1.0 is no where near production, much less delivery. Based on the amount of time required to accomplish what has been accomplished to date, and what remains to be done, if it is actually produced and shipped, I would estimate 12 to 18 months for this to occur. Eighteen months from now is August 2016. That is more than 3 years from funding date. --There are no pictures or videos of any components or watches that are in any kind of working order or doing any watch-type task, no evidence of software development. In fact, in all this time, something as simple as the watch straps have yet to be finalized. --Chris has stated that he purchased parts for the watches which have have been sitting around all this time. He recently purchased a case to house all the parts, as they have special temperature and humidity requirements. Backer funds were used for this storage case purchase. --Now going forward Chris Walker wants to offer his backers one of three options he has devised. --Option 1 is to Stay the Course, meaning do nothing, and I (Chris Walker) may or may not actually finish this project some day and ship it to you backers. --Option 2 is to Sign up for Agent 2.0, for which Chris promises all manner of latest and future technology. This he says will lock you into the future! This is supposed to be a much better option than the very late and very dated version 1.0? Chris Walker has not yet demonstrated he can produce any sort of watch at all. How is this even an option? --Option 3 is to get a Gift Certificate, presumably in the amount originally pledged. What exactly one can purchase with the gift certificate is not yet clear. Chris promises to build something. Perhaps he will build something from the depreciating parts that have been sitting around more than a year and counting. --As I see it, the options Chris offers are not options at all, but rather an attempt at slight of hand where Chris gets to keep the money he took from backers while not really offering anything in return. --I believe Chris forgot to mention Option 4, which is REFUND. This option is the right thing to do. --At this point, I have no confidence that Agent watch 1.0 will ever be produced, much less shipped. I have learned the hard lesson about the Kickstarter platform, which is that backers assume all the risk. Amazon (at the time this funded), Kickstarter, and project creators receive all their money up front. If things go wrong, there is no incentive at all for anyone to support or champion the backers' cause. This knowledge has certainly dampened my enthusiasm for the crowd funding platform. --As a result, I see 2 options for backers. First option is do nothing. The money pledged is gone, move on. The second option is to seek satisfaction from the legal system. While I am not an attorney, I have had dealings with several while I act as executor to settle a family member's estate. Through the process I have learned that the wheels of justice in the United States turn excruciatingly slowly (think years), and attorneys charge by the hour. You do the math. So rather than a private attorney, I'd lean toward the New York State Attorney General. I'd make the argument that this effects not only the backers of this project but the entire crowd funding platform. Might get some traction that way. --Thoughts? This user's account has been deleted. I'm in, I'll pay 50, maybe more if we can get this scumbag down. The question you all need to ask: Can V1 deliver on the promises made in the video? I know. Chris Walker knows. Other know. He cannot deliver the functionality. He never could and was relying on Microsoft et al to give him the tools needed to integrate as described. This didn't come. You;re a fool if you choose to back V2. The only V2 Chris Walker deserves is the rocket up his arse. I choose option 4. My $199.00 returned. The item I backed will never be finished and now that the developer has realized that, he has taken my money to supposedly create an even better non-existent pipe dream. Do what is right. Return our money. Lick your wounds and start fresh. Don't use our money as if we are backers to your whims that we may or may not even be interested in and without our permission. Roma Sign up for the email dude. Would love you on board. This user's account has been deleted. @Chucky "Out of interest what "option" is everyone selecting?" Option 4 - All your base belong to us DO NOT OPT TO GET V2 unless you're really really stupid, gullible, have a small willy and pathetic with women (or men - whatever your preference) Update number one has now gone out. Don't get mad - join. <email> Chris doesn't realise it but he has just been hoisted by his own petard. If you read this Chris - just give us refunds. It really is simple. We can then dissapear and you can be left selling vapourware to Netduino and AGENT suckers. This user's account has been deleted. @lumar: Do not even think about it! @all betrayed AGENT backers: Maybe we could open up a new kickstarter campaign with the target to file an action against Chris Walker. Probabaly we have to name it differently: "Pledge to demand justice for AGENT backers." @kickstarter: Goodbye, you will never see me pledging anything anymore, if you do not take action in this case! And what are those current Secret Labs products that this gift certificate would allow us to buy? @Roma I'll chip in $50, and possibly more. I'm also waiting on Simon. the fact that #kickstarter is not defending the backers of this campaign has me unwilling to ever use their platform again. this is clearly a violation of several terms for promoting through their site, as has been documented by several people in this thread, and they (#kickstarter) have done NOTHING to protect the integrity their product. it's truly a shame. Backers, again, what do we do about it? Who will chip in $50 - $100 to hire a lawyer to sue Chris Walker? You need to understand that this probably won't get you any money back. All it might get you is some revenge by damaging his reputation. If you will join in, please write here clearly an upper-limit amount you will contribute. Then we need someone in the US to hire and instruct a lawyer. Who will do that? At least he admits that what we backed is dead. Since it's dead, YOU OWE US ALL A REFUND!!! Start your next Kickstarter campaign, Agent 2.0, elsewhere and give us a refund since you admit Agent 1.0 is dead! And I too look forward to meeting you Chris, where will you be tomorrow??? Why the hell would any one want a gift certificate @Dave Why the hell would I want any more Secret Lab's products after SL screw us completely over? Oh great, what a long, detailed, tedious, pointless update! Thanks for offering an option to take EVEN LONGER to get a marginally better product that will still be out of date at the moment of production. You guys are the worst. Oh yay, I get to trade my crappy agent watch pledge for a gift certificate so I can buy some crappy Netduino products. Anyone want to buy $200 of Netduino garbage from me? @Valentin Most institutions only allow 90 days after a transaction to dispute a charge. Some exceptions are made ( go to your card holder) with any attempts to communicate and the project updates as well as kickstarter's TOS. They might require you to dispute the charge with Amazon first as that is probably who they see the transaction from but take any documentation you have to your card holder and start there. (I'm in the process of doing the same after speaking with mine over the phone.) Man, these updates are a study in written bombast. Surely this dude's done some fort of Agile development before that could be applied to making these updates at least have the appearance of being useful. * What did you do since the last update? * What do you plan to do by the next update? * What impediments prevented you from completing the things you were supposed to get done by this update? These florid, novel-length rehashes of project history tell me absolutely nothing about what sort of forward progress, if any, is being made without going back and trying to diff it against the last update. And they're long and unstructured enough to make that prohibitively painful to do. But maybe that's the point? Agent v.Next's leading feature is supporting a new rev of Bluetooth? Not like public shaming of both Kickstarter and Chris Walker, here's my twitter post Another #fail @kickstarter project @agentwatches do a bait & switch and won't deliver rewards <url>#1 we forfeit our rights as backers, And you're no longer obligated to complete the project we paid for. Quit pissing around and build the f$&@king paperweight that you promised and be done with it. Don't bother posting anymore bullshit updates unless the first line contains "agent 1.0 will be delivered on (insert date)!" They're a waste of our time. Smoke and mirrors all the way to the end. David Copperfield couldn't make my money disappear any better. Masterfully done Chris Walker. Three options that nearly everyone hates, yet still shows some progress and potentially gets you off the hook. 3 months from the last update and you can't get a charging coil and back light to fit into the case. Why would anyone trust you with another watch? What have you done to earn that trust? Option 3 is a joke. We relieve you of your obligation to fulfill on the original Agent rewards in exchange for the ability to maybe buy something we probably don't want in the future. Gee thanks that sounds great. Wow, I was expecting yet another update on the straps (which we get) and we a get a "Bait & Switch" punch at the end. To be clear, Chris Walker just admit he won't deliver Agent 1.0 (don't be fooled by option 1, it won't happen). And he is attempting to funnel the funds into this new Agent 2.0 under a new entity (in short, you can sue, but you will be sueing an empty shell). Agent 1.0 is dead, just say it Chris Walker. It will be liberating for you and for us. Agent 2.0 is just another pipe dream. You have absolutely no credibility as the only thing you were able to do is rent a room and buy a nice cabinet. @Roma @Marco I'm in with cash if you decide to bring legal action against Chris Walker. Does anybody know how exactly disputed transactions are refunded. Considering the money path: Credit Card - Amazon Payment System - KS - Creator So if a transaction successfully disputed. Who ends up paying back? Let's endorse Chris Walker on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=20098598 Expert in scam, selling rainbows and unicorns. PS - I see they still haven't managed to resolve the unsolvable problem of pushers on a smartwatch. Not sure how my Pebble continues to function after 18 months since the best minds in the business can't get them to work on Agent... Great. Agent 2. Soooo, while it's taken over an extra year to deliver the Agent, you've made it obsolete. So, I'm doomed if I take it. But if I switch to the Agent 2, then I'm doomed to an even longer wait...which will get further delayed, because that's just what happens. Choice 1 sucks. Choice 2 sucks. Meanwhile, I'm on my third smartwatch, a Moto 360. What are the odds that the Agent is anywhere near as good, other than battery life? Meanwhile, I get email updates that are classic TL;DR. I know some people may want all the data, but can you guys put an exec summary at the top? Top line item for every email: new expected ship date. Now we know where the rest of our money went - legal advice. Chris Walker has lawyered-up masterfully. Agent 1 will never ship. Agent 2 will never ship so you revert to Agent 1 at an indeterminant time having waived all rights of recourse. Secret Labs product might ship if and when Chris has time to bung some things on a few boards. Meanwhile backers get an update demonstrating some progress (the exclusivity deal has expired) so that's progress, right? I've been very patient with this, but I'm doing anything and everything I possibly can to get my money back. I'm contacting my credit card company, Amazon payments, and Kickstarter to see what I can do. What a shame, I was really looking forward to getting this, but this whole ordeal and endless excuses is quite pathetic. Anybody would like to take my spot in "EARLY BIRD SPECIAL" pile? There is only 100 of lucky us! It is yours for $100. For the 10 people who liked the update - can I interest you in the rainbow catcher I'm developing? This just guaranteed your Agent1.0 is worthless, even if it's ever built. Who is going to build apps for a watch owned by 1,000 people and where the software platform is already obsolete? As for Agent2 being some sort of quantum leap forwards in wearable tech, where have we heard that before? I propose option #4, They send us a functional smart watch ASAP (i.e. The Pebble option) Seriously this update angered me, I feel like we're getting jerked around and instead of admitting failure we're being fed a line of BS. I will probably go with number 2 as well, waited thing long, may as well wait a little longer. This is still a project. I will most likely be looking at my next update on my apple watch. It's ok I can always re-gift this smart watch to someone I don't like. I went with option #2, might as well get something that's slightly less out of date :/ Really, though, we should be able to select Option #1 *and* our choice of 2 or 3 No way 2.0 will be ever in production. 1.0 is already outdated and a gift certificate is useless. WE NEED A REFUND OPTION !! Is this a joke? "Hey everyone, we took your money, ignored you for months, screwed up virtually every part of the production process, so let's talk about the 2.0 version that you can trade in your current non-existent watch for!" Chris, you've failed at being a smart watch maker, and now you've failed at being a hustler. I'm not interested in another few years of updates where I hear why you can't refund my money. I'm not interested in other Secret Labs products. Either give us gift certificates for our full pledge amount to House of Horology or give us refunds. Anything else is obviously a scam. I sincerely hope that the word has spread about Chris. No one should be doing business with him, customers or vendors. Version 1 of Unobtainium is old and rubbish. Version 2 is even better. As with all quality Unobtainium we cannot give you any idea of when it will ship, Your acceptance also ensures that we have no obligation to provide you with anything. Although Kickstarter is possibly the most unregulated platform in the world it does have a few terms of service which could get tricky if we ever go to court. Even better - Now that we have harvested the technical knowledge from our "partner" we can now squeeze him out with V2 meaning we don't have to pay him a piece rebate. Hurrah ! Meanwhile, 50% of the AGENT parts can now be used for Netduino although the "Go" continues to have a number of issues of claims vs actual functionality. Lots of blurred lines here and I don't mean in a twerking mysognistic way (Update ONE has been drafted and will be sent this week - I promise. Sorry to all for delay but time is more hard to find than a happy AGENT backer at the moment) We need a refund option. Given the issues with Agent 1.0 who would have faith in Agent 2.0 ever getting done? Option #1: Will be a product failure since it is still so way out. Nobody will buy it. Option #2: The biggest problem is there is no target date. Option #3: Do not need any thing from SL. Chris did not give us much of the choices. @Martin Bauer - I think Option 3 is for stuff out of the existing SL store, which sells Netduino stuff. That was my reading of it anyway. I suspect that a very small percentage of us is interested in that option unless a) you like and need more netduino stuff or b) you just want to cost SL some money in any way you can. Option 2 is for the true unicorn-chasing optimists among us. Personally, I think I will opt for option 1 because I don't need more unused boards lying about and certainly am not daft enough to pay for version 2 of this train wreck. At a guess? I would say there is some legal pressure here and they are scrambling for some way to get us to consent to or re "buy-in" to the new version so they can buy a whole fresh amount of time to delay delivery. Let's be honest, the Agent 1.0 is (even assuming a competent and honest team) 6 months out MINIMUM. None of the final tooling is done, none of the assembly, none of the certification. So the idea that they are now offering us a trade in on a non-existent product for a new non-existent product means they are covering their rear end. Ken @Chris Walker - do we look like morons - do you need a few more millions to pay your shore house off - just refund all of us and just file this project as a failure - what is the new projection for agent002 revision delivery - 2030? @Chris Walker, not that we don't believe you but, we don't believe you!! How about allowing someone else (LAWRENCE) speak here to confirm what you are telling us? At this point, YOU have no credibility! @Roma @Nathan @Marco: I am also from Germany and would like file a complaint at the NYAG. If you can get some details, I would be glad. Thank you ! I can't believe they have time to focus on 2.0 while 1.0 is still not even close to getting done. "Your Kickstarter handle" == kickstarter id or name? :p What? We should get a gift certificate for a shop that not exist at the moment, and nobody knows if the shop will be already exists and have some items to sell? The second option a new watch which nobody knows if they will be really exists? You write in your statement, that you are not shure if there are no problems. And first of all, there are a much of problems in the first version? Are you kidding me? Send me an amazon voucher for the half of my pledge and I am out. Are you kidding me? You can't even finish 1 and expecting us to wait for 2? And the gift certificate for craps i won't even use? This update is worse than nothing I may contact the new watch company and see if they can corroborate what CW is saying Can I instead get a voucher from a local "teacher" who can teach CW a lesson he'd never forget about scamming people? So what's the deal? Who's to blame for this mess? Haha ... update #26: "With AGENT OS 2.0, we are again pushing the wearables industry forward." ... AGAIN? REALLY? You Cheater! Yeah a voucher for HoH I would be much better! If there was a redeemable voucher for HoH I would be interested. as it stands I never expect to see 001 so no point in waiting for 002. I read between the lines and think CW is saying "all that stuff you paid for is going to off KS projects that you can't touch ha ha" That's just rude to write of an Agent002 in the update. What is wrong with Chris Walker. Does he thinks that anybody of us is still believing in this project or in Secret Labs?! Will there be an option for a full refund, I wanted it back when it was due not whenever it's available and announcing the new version, was almost tempted with Agent 002 but now I don't think I want anything except my money back - was looking forward to supporting this platform, writing apps and even tutorials, not going to do that now. Can we get a deal / rebate from HoH instead? I should mention that I personally would prefer to just get what I signed up for, but desperation does strange things to one... Interesting update - I would have said it was tone-deaf because it starts talking about agent 2, but then I got to Option#3 where it seems like whether Agent 001 (or 002) ever ships, you can redeem your pledge for Netduino hardware. Ok - that's definitely not what anyone signed up for, but it might beat getting completely stiffed, or at best having an Agent 001 watch that is outdated right out of the box or an Agent 002 that is development-wise even less finished than 001. I still need to re-read this update a couple times, but those are my initial reactions. Ha ha, Agent002! This POS is outdated before it's even been built. And the rest of the update is just a recap on the mess to date. Still, I assume that keeps Kickstarter off his back for another month. Holy crap, an update! So, I just dropped in to see how things are going. And apparently, they aren't. I feel bad that my personal issues kept me from being able to help out more, but I would also guess that in the end, it would not have made much difference at all. Anything I was working on could have been solved with a bit of pocket change if one was truly motivated to solve it. I don't think any one production issue is the problem here. Not that this is a news flash or anything. Anyway, cheers to you all. I'm out a fair chunk of change plus a bit of blood sweat and tears on this one and I can't help peeking in when I check on my other backed projects. @Dan Mitchell: I have even seen advertisements in magazines with such captions as "Selling Now on Kickstarter!" Was it PT Barnum who said, "There's another one born every day?" Of note: My fraud claim was against the project creator, but I am unsure of who actually provided the refund. I suspect, however, that it was Amazon. Amazon is where the payment was made, and it was routed to KS and (I believe) to the project creator. It is also interesting to note that payments are no longer made through Amazon... . I found this out when I read the new KS terms, posted recently but apparently written shortly after most of my project backings. So whose starting the indiegogo campaign to get lawyers? @Roma: I would gladly kick in $100 for the legal effort if KS is included in the filing. If your project is pitch is appealing (and perhaps if you add some backer rewards and goal-related bonuses), I could be enticed to contribute more. @Jeffry Moore: I successfully filed a fraud claim against another KS project. You have something in the range of 540 days from the date of payment to file such a claim. Anyone who is hurting and needs the money should do so immediately and continue pursuing (your CC company will likely become recalcitrant) until the money is refunded. @Daniel Chang: Your posts have been spot on. @Roma I feel the same. I believe Chris Walker should suffer consequences for his actions/inactions on this project. In my ideal scenario, Chris admits defeat on Agent and returns whatever is left of the money. I gave that scenario next to 0% chance of happening given what has occurred to date (i.e., parts already ordered and in storage) On the legal side, I'm not a lawyer but I have asked some NY lawyer friends and the general view was there just isn't enough upside to make the case worthwhile for what would be challenging case to to begin with. The only upside comes with potential press from being involved in KS legal action. This is why I've been trying to push for the NY AG. The NY AG has no cost to us and carries more clout if we can spur them into action. The WA state case had only 810 backers for $25k with only 31 known to WA state residents at the time of filing. We have 7x the backer numbers and 40x the dollars involved. @Marco Morbin It takes 5-10 minutes and can't do any harm. If you look at my previous posts you'll see my hints but broadly I named Chris Walker specifically. I explained the project was presented as functioning prototype only requiring funding for tooling and materials. Est deliver time was Dec 2013. Very little progress has been made and little information has been provided if Chris is able to complete the project and deliver on the rewards. I took screen shots of my backer history showing the amount I contributed, my pledge/expected delivery date, risks and challenges section, and road to your wrist. Good luck. Hi everyone. What to do? Personally, I feel like an idiot for having backed this project and then defending it and Chris Walker to the hilt. I ask myself should I let it go or should I do something about it. If the latter, what do I want to achieve? Get some money back? Change the Kickstarter business model? Send Chris Walker into bankruptcy? Damage his reputation irretrievably? Just shame the man? I'm like Marco. Chris should suffer the consequences for what he's done here but I too don't know what or how that should play out. I am prepared to pay some more money to see a measure of justice being done here. Is anyone else up for kicking in money to hire a lawyer to bring legal action against Chris? One of us would need to be prepared to take on the task and it would have to be done in the US, preferably in New York. If 100 of us contributed $50 each, would that be enough to get Chris into court or am I just being naive. Any thoughts? @Nathaniel: I decided to move on and file a complaint with NYAG. Even though I'm located in Germany I think everything can be put to good use, right? Could you please give me some hints about what I should write etc.? To all the other backers (Roma, Ben, Daniel and many others) who fought for this project to help all of us getting something: Thank you, really! Now CW has to pay... I don't know how, I don't know when, but he cannot get away with that! Chris Walker hasn't logged in in 41 days. It has been 94 days since a meaningful update. I don't count the last one about dry parts storage. Perhaps he is busy careful crafting his responses to the NY AG. Somehow I doubt it. Seems like he is focusing his efforts on Netduino maybe acknowledging that Agent is a lost cause at this point with Pebble alluding to a next generation and the Apple Watch release looming. Lesson learned, caveat emptor. Oh right we didn't buy anything...sorry. If one person filed in small claims court, it would put a damper on CW's lifestyle. However, if MANY people filed in small claims individually, that would be a HUGE burden on CW and his pocketbook!! Like @spaz said many times, I too find it hard to believe that, if we have to find our own law firm, we could find a firm who wouldn't want to tie Kickstarter into this due to the over million dollars already in dispute. If one person in NYC could bring the case to a small claims court himself, it would be another story. Also, there are many failed projects where the parent company/creator had gone bankrupted, so even if you win, you still get nothing. Fortunately, this project's "co-" creators are "both" still running. (Sorry, HoH.) I know that Simon wants to sue just Secret Labs into the ground, but he hasn't updated us on that for a while now due to personal matters. BTW, I made a few updates and date changes to my documentation of the lies Chris Walker told us: <url>"I got my money back, but it was no easy thing. Put in a dispute with your CC, they will reject it because of the time. Escalate the issue and attach the last update here on kickstarter (this shows that the delivery date was pushed out). The CC company will give Michael 60 days to respond (He won't). The CC company (your bank) will then check to see if Michael has engaged Visa or Mastercard for mediation (He hasn't)... And TADA, you get your money back. Most importantly, ******* doesn't get your money. It's a long process, but very satisfying." I'll give it a try. @Daniel Not without getting all the financial records. Which would require a subpoena. Everyone forget about kickstarter we aren't going to get anywhere. Can we deal with Chris and what we can do next? Is there anyway we can find out if our project money was used on that netduino crap. @Dan those kickstarter folks are just covering their asses right now for potential lawsuit. The agreement I signed up on is that I'm guaranteed my rewards, and, if the project doesn't deliver or the project creator don't delivery within an acceptable time frame, I should receive a refund or I can sue for one. That was the agreement. What kickstarter is trying to do now is skirt consumer protection laws by suggesting that our agreement was no sales agreement, which is bullshit. Also, I wrote a large document before citing all the lies told to us in the campaign. We were scammed into backing this project because the watch was no where near as "complete" and "created" as Chris Walker suggests. Chris Walker also faked the demo video, which is a kickstarter violation. The video showed a watch with buttons that worked! This is a total scam. I also heavily doubt, if we should receive the agent, we will receive a product as described to us especially in that battery life category. So I see this as a repeat of the past like eBay. If only Congress isn't filled with untechnical, anti-science, pro-lobby politicians, the kickstarter what is crowd-funding question probably could have been answered a long time ago. I think that was more of a personal challenge to begin with. I don't know, ask him if he has any to offer: <url>"The Verge", with full acknowledgement of the origin. "Kickstarters founders decided it was time to speak up after an NPR report asking "when a Kickstarter campaign fails, does anyone get their money back?" triggered a heated debate. The fact that the question was even raised shows the fundamental misunderstanding that still dogs the company. Kickstarter is not intended for pre-orders. Nor is it intended for donations, investments, or purchases. Kickstarter is a fourth type of payment, where backers contribute out of an affinity for an idea and a desire to see it exist, that sits somewhere between philanthropy, patronage, and consumption. It runs into the kind of ambiguity that can corrupt friendship when money gets involved." "YOURE NOT MAKING A PURCHASE. YOURE CONTRIBUTING MONEY AND THEYRE GIVING YOU THIS THING AS A THANK YOU." See: <url>"The Verge"/Re: Kickstarter --- "Back in September, Kickstarter founders Perry Chen, Yancey Strickler, and Charles Adler published a harshly-worded blog post intended to clear up some of the ambiguity that had arisen as a result of the startup-slash-social experiment. "It's hard to know how many people feel like they're shopping at a store when they're backing projects on Kickstarter," they wrote. "But we want to make sure that it's no one." Gonna be an interesting 2015 leaving Agent way behind!! Pebble article: <url>"That is a pretty expensive thing to do..." I wanted to comment it there, just to find out that he blocked me from the forum. Chris Walker, YOU ARE A FUCKING ASSHOLE! This is like the South Park episode "Go fund yourself"... I see Pete beat me to it but This morning a 2am Chris Walker announced new parts for the Netduino GO. Yet another product that's a day late and dollar short. The go had promise until it sat idle for 2 years. A lot of vendors stopped selling it. I actually have prototypes of some of those boards that were given to me years ago by Chris. They still don't work. <url>December 2013 - volume production begins it is 1/30/2015 today. my goodness... @Dave VanderWekke I found the same to address in NYC. I'm not sure which is current either. The lack of interest here on KS contrasted with Netduino is shameful but I guess that's what happens when you already have the cash. Additional info... there is already a "Where's Chris Walker" topic on Netduino Forums. This link is: <url>#entry60562 In live in NJ not NY but had done some research. I cannot find anything but a MailBox address for SecretLabs. Not sure where their physical location is. He's had two different MailBox addresses so not sure if he changed locations or if he has still two MailBoxes. I see a few people commented that Chris Walker hasn't been on here since Dec 23rd. I can tell you for a fact that he logs in and answers people on the Netduino forums (also a SecretLabs product) every day. Maybe it's time to take our comments to him and have everyone create accounts on Netduino forums and flood the site with our questions. No I don't live in ny. But still filled out attorney general paperwork To start a campaign to sue Kickstarter, you must also line up the attorneys and negotiate a price prior to the start of the campaign. And this campaign is probably better to start on Indiegogo or something; Kickstarter could do a very interesting use the conflict of interest defense since Kickstarter receive a cut of this money. @Joshua Ayes Well that's at least two letters from the AG. Are you a NY state resident as well? cosa sta succedendo? Daniel (and others) see this thorough article on s75 - only counts for credit though <url>re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creators ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases youll find that rewards are delivered as promised, its also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. We expect all members of the Kickstarter community to act with honesty and openness. When we find that people are abusing the system or the trust of others, we do not hesitate to suspend their account or restrict certain account privileges, like launching another project. We have a dedicated Integrity Team that monitors our system and reviews reports that we receive from our community. While we cant speak to the nature of specific projects that have been approved or declined, were constantly working on improving our vetting process for creators and we are grateful for the feedback that folks like you provide Expected this kinda reply. I also wanted to know what I can do if I'm not in the US. Don't have much protection laws in my country. Even chargebacks also can't be done. I received a blanket letter from NY attorney general - stating they are sending the compliant to CW --- secret lab and house of hororogy. If anything his mailbox is going to fill up pretty quickly with complaint letters. @creator and @kickstarter you lost a backer. I don't understand how there is nothing that can be done --- this is fraudulent and hope enough people wise up on kickstarter scams. @Nick Martin That's pretty much the norm for Chris Walker. Hopefully he is busy teaching himself how to design watch pushers but somehow I doubt it. The lack of transparency in this project is beyond awful. The best updates were the rogue ones from Lawrence. Of all the projects I've backed this is by far the worst communication. Updates are late, when they do come they say very little and ignore the real issues/questions raised by backers. It flies in the face of the spirit of Kickstarter's core values of "Transparency, Trust, Honesty". I attribute a lot of this failure to secretiveness of Chris Walker. I think he is more concerned about protecting his image and "brand" than delivering Agent. Other projects I've backed they have introduced the team by name/pictures up front. The other projects also share the difficulties in production and are at least honest about delays when they inevitably occur. We get very little here except the light guide film fiasco. I backed one project recently (iOS software) from a reputable developer but that will be my last KS. From now on I'm waiting for production versions, outgrow.me or eBay purchases for any KS project. The limited upside of being in early isn't worth the risk of knowing I've lined the pockets of someone like Chris Walker. Chris Walker hasn't even logged in since the 23rd December! Great! Looks like we have been utterly shafted for our $200! Unbelievable! "Another one bites the dust with a cool million dollars in his back pocket! Mexico here we come!" @Dan Berry - good idea. I would accept "Hours of Horology" Bedlam watch and we can call it even. // Dan Berry about 10 hours ago //You know, at this point I'd be happy with a classic mechanical watch. A $20 mechanical watch. //Because I'm sure, at most, that's about all that's left of my $164 pledge. Everyone needs to start by filing a complaint with NY attorney general's office. I know this takes a few minutes of time but at this point it is very necessary and important to try and hold the Agent team accountable. We need to bring more official scrutiny to this situation or it will just go on. <url>"Clang" project on Kickstarter and no refund there either, even when he admitted it would never be completed. C'mon Kickstarter pull your finger out! Without our pledges, your business and the hopes of new (legit) startups would never succeed! US$214 pledged... For what?! Ridiculous non-updates and a bad experience with Kickstarter.. I also got burnt with Neal Stephenson's "Clang" project on Kickstarter and no refund there either, even when he admitted it would never be completed. C'mon Kickstarter pull your finger out! Without our pledges, your business and the hopes of new (legit) startups would never succeed! US$214 pledged... For what?! Ridiculous non-updates and a bad experience with Kickstarter.. I also got burnt with Neal Stephenson's "Clang" project on Kickstarter and no refund there either, even when he admitted it would never be completed. C'mon Kickstarter pull your finger out! Without our pledges, your business and the hopes of new (legit) startups would never succeed! Everything @creator says now is just lies compounding lies. I'm guessing Chris is just waiting until he's spent all the money and also happens to find that all those 'moisture sensitive' parts he's got out-of-date now are ruined and he can claim a total loss ... Fraudster that he is ... he's got himself a new workspace which he probably also bought under a different LLC so he can just erase Secret Labs and start a new company with a nice lab You know, at this point I'd be happy with a classic mechanical watch. A $20 mechanical watch. Because I'm sure, at most, that's about all that's left of my $164 pledge. What it'll take it for someone to sue Kickstarter for not providing adequate protection. Much like what eBay had to go through in its early days. "I expect to have a fairly detailed overview of our status for you within the next two weeks." It's now over a month since that statement without any update, even in the comments. What does it take for Kickstarter take the complaints seriously? How do I get a refund? I've lost all faith in this project! @Fadi Kahhaleh: Why spend so much time, effort and money managing all these programs when you can simply "host" them and reap all the benefits while abrogating all responsibility? The KS method is quite brilliant when you consider it. This is a far cry, but, if KS is taking a percentage, they should have a Project Manager (or so) keep following up on the Creator. Releasing funds as they go, more like a big brother making sure everything is on track. I.e, making sure the creators are held accountable for results, and making an informed decision on the project's fate. I know this complicates things a lot, but if the overall projects completed successfully with little to no delays, it should not be a problem for them, and only the handful of projects (such as this one) would cause refunds/partial refunds to be issued before having all funds taken out to personal pockets, or being spent on components that will be come obsolete and useless. I don't think it is too much to have someone follow up on a project internally, get photos of updates, make calls and check on things remotely...etc. Agreements can be put in place to make all this a breeze for everyone. KS,wake up! @Dan Mitchell, I have had the option and opportunity to contact project creators (through KS messaging), but their responsiveness (or lack thereof) has not provided a meaningful indicator of whether backer rewards would be provided. Case in point: Project Q. I contacted the creator, and his original campaign said everything was already in production. He claimed he had all the hardware and was just waiting on completion of mother boards from Gigabyte, the manufacturer. Shortly thereafter, he showed photos of all the boards. Perhaps most of those where shipped out, but I provided $2500 for a complete system. A few months after the campaign ended in March 2013, I contacted the project creator and he quickly became rude and blocked all my telephone calls, Facebook posts, etc. To this date, he has not provided my system, and I have discovered he failed to provide rewards to many other backers, particularly those who paid more. KS legitimizes theft by ensuring that there will be no consequence to deadbeat project creators  even those who deliberately withhold rewards. @Kristof: Sadly, I believe that is precisely a fact. Like other KS projects I've supported, this has been another successful campaign to take money without risk of repercussion. @Paul Daly man don't kid yourself. We've been taken for a ride, end of story. Anybody wanna guess what images are going to be in the next update (of there is one): My bet - a coffee pot (he's covered boxes, cupboards, corners, carpets, ceiling, & barcodes) I'm hoping that with today's release of .NET MF 4.3 QFE2 the next update will include more info on the watch OS. <url>"this" wouldn't get any leeway. "This" isn't even a wearable yet... You might as well go get a 25 cent friendship bracelet and call it a "smart" watch. Windows 11 will ship before this project does. So I wonder if Windows 10 for phones will give more leeway with wearables like this. Who wants to take bets that Windows 10 will launch before this project. @Chris it was a debit card Daniel - re UK banks, if it was a credit card you used and over 100 you're covered by s75 of the consumer credit act which means you have up to 6 years to claim. Very disappointed in this project. Found a potential alternative with push buttons that work - <url>"neat idea" that the project creator had all too little experience and resources to bring it to life. Whether I receive a working watch or endless updates really is of no consequence any more. However, if somehow there will be a class action suit against KS and/or these ill-equipped project creators, I will be interested. It's really a shame, as I have backed some worthwhile projects, but the whole KS concept should be pitched as: "Here at Kickstarter, we provide a risk-free environment where project creators can dream up ways to make money and backers should expect nothing more: backer rewards are merely an incentive and they are in no way required nor is delivery of rewards enforced." That is the truth, and KS pitches it very different. Hi Nick. My ouija board was seriously dodgy so I took it to my local fortune teller for a tune up. Waiting, waiting ... So whats happening? Whats the next step? @Kumar, I gave a couple of those for Christmas, but didn't get any feedback as to how they like them. I'm thinking of picking up a Misfit Flash, has anybody here used one? I will say I have had the MS Band for a month or so now and it is simply AWESOME. A great fitness tracker and an indispensable way to stay in touch with my Windows Phone (Lumia Icon). Does anyone know where Chris Walker lives? I would love to pay him a visit. Are we expecting an Update soon? Not from Chris Walker but from Roma! He knows more than anyone else!! Bring on the iWatch! If the project gets cancelled according to Kickstarter rules then refunds should be issues Beware of the "Law of unintended Consequences" - legal action might precipitate the project's cancellation rather than a possible, but very late, completion. And you do not sue someone who may have no assets - so think carefully, guys, about what is from here on the best course to take. I think it would be great if ALL backers in the NY/NJ area filed small claims actions against CW. He will have a very hard time keeping up and it could prove to be costly for him! If I were in NYC, that's what I would do! It says over there >>>>> "Use this space to cheer the creator along --" so, all together now, sing ---------- Take, take,take the watch gently up the stream Merrily, merrily, merrily - completion is just a dream I rarely comment on these post but I come by from time to time in hopes to come across some good news, but to no avail. And in reading I remembered what was said by someone who was confronted about abusing his position he simply said "I will continue to do what I want, until someone stops me..." Maybe a Smart-watch is just to complex a mechanism for an individual or small non-professional team to handle. I imagine Apple and Samsung e.g. have whole depts. and teams of designers working on their watches. And equally spend a lot more than only 1 million USD on their development. Only Pebble seem to have got a good product out, after starting on Kickstarter I have ordered a Fitbit Charge HR and a Fitbit Surge - and will keep the one better for my needs., one of which is heart-rate monitoring when running. And I'll look seriously at the Microsoft Band. Alas both my Kickstarter investments (Agent, Hot) are now outdated. Gather ye smartwatches while ye may The times a but a flying The watch which is a marvel today Tomorrow is a'dying I got a Mi Band for S$20 I'm waiting for my Bragi Dash to get me my fitness stuff. I'm also waiting for Moto 360 version 2 before I get one, unless something else pretty comes. I agree with Chris Jutting. However, I am still deciding between the Microsoft Band and the FitBit Surge. Both support Windows Phone but my understanding is the Surge won't show notifications (text messages, etc) until a future update. Although the Agent has less features, they would have been adequate for my needs and I would have used it as my only watch. At this point, I still would like a resolution for this project. Like some others, I'm not interested in naming HoH or Lawrence in any legal action for the sole reason that he is named in this project and appears in the video. It has already been established that he was just a contractor. I'm not seeking a refund either. I paid the $200 so long ago that I could care less anymore. I knew there was a risk involved when I paid it. However, what is unacceptable to me is the fact that Chris Walker just gives us the runaround with useless updates without any effort to resolve this situation. The likely scenario is he initially intended to deliver. However, he ran into unexpected challenges and instead of working to resolve them, he turned his focus onto other projects. He probably doesn't have enough of our money left to finish the project and doesn't want to use any other funds to finish it either, so he periodically just comes up with some excuses in an effort to delay any legal action or negative press that may take place when/if he officially cancels the project. I would have preferred if either he just returned the remaining funds or found a partner/investor to help finish this project, potentially updating the specs to properly compete with other smartwatches. @Chris Jutting exactly where I'm at. It's not ok to treat people who trusted you like Chris Walker has. agreed @Chris_Jutting i got a Sammy Gear Fit and i am in the same boat. I got a Microsoft Band, so I give zero fucks about this project now. I'd like to see a finished product eventually, but I refuse to let CW walk away with my $200 scott free with no product, so I will do whatever is necessary to ensure he doesn't get away with this sham without repercussions. Must be sure an update soon......haha I'm working my Engadget angle (I "know" an editor). But what was "suggested" to me is that until something actually happens (legally or its finally being delivered - hardy har har), Engadget is not going to talk about it. (It's just a bunch of people whining for now.) So I'm keeping him up-to-date on the AG stuff. @spaztastic I agree with you which is why I've been pursuing the attorney general angle. It seems very unlikely to me that any firm would pick this up with tying KS in. There is just not enough in it for them. My next step as I'm in NYC is to file in small claims court. @Daniel I agree we need more articles like the wmpoweruser.com one. Getting on Ars, Anandtech, Gizmodo, Engadget, etc would certainly help focus some attention on Chris Walker. The problem is besides the dollar amount involved here it's just another KS project gone bad story. BTW, if you do join the wiki talk, please keep everything based on facts only. Don't add opinions. Nevermind of the Mindy Westfriend posts. I found it and am submitting it on wikipedia. Check it out. Feel free to join the talk on Wikipedia as well. <url>"teamed up" and those terms are commonly used on Kickstarter to describe relationships with suppliers. It's the quality of the relationship that counts when it comes to delivering projects, not the nature of it. Any legal action against Chris will inevitably rope in Lawrence. As a backer, you want Lawrence as a party to the action because that's one more set of pockets from which to potentially recover damages. Chris will want Lawrence as a party to the action because less money comes out of his pockets if Lawrence is a co-defendant and is also liable (however the viability of this course of action will obviously depend on the terms of the contract between SL & HOH). I hope the for Lawrence's sake the contract is good to him. Playing devil's advocate, there could be a clause which requires HOH to compensate SL for losses incurred as a direct result of incomplete or inadequate work with the case, and if the KPIs for the case have not yet been met (possible with the pusher fiasco), HOH might be on the hook for a lot more than he bargained for. @roma - the adage as always is - sue them all and let the courts figure it out. I agree Lawrence has been far more helpful and informative than Chris has ever been, but disagree that he is without culpability. If he is merely a supplier by contract then he should never have allowed his company name to be used as co-creator. I'm sure there are many among the thousands of backers who did so at least in part due to the perceived credibility of HoH. By allowing himself to be listed as co-creator he has legally locked himself in the same cage as Chris. @Daniel, not hard to source! Chris' own estimated delivery dates on the Story Page here and Chris' own acknowledgment of delays in Update #25 will do the trick. Good work on that aspect. I still strongly disagree about trying to rope Lawrence in as a named party in any lawsuit. He won't be found liable because there is a contract between SL and HoH which will define Lawrence's limited role as a supplier. All you'll do is make him burn money on legal fees and I don't think that's fair. I guess that a lawyer will advise you to cast the net as widely as possible but I don't think it's the right thing re HoH. Please leave him alone. Looks like Chris Walker also edited the wikipedia entry on netduino citing "unsourced commentary" when links are provided. I'm opening up a dispute. I requested editor comments that should open up in 24hrs, which should settle the dispute. If Chris Walker wants to open up formal mediation, it's fine with me. Be respectful and considerate !!! Is that a FUCKING joke ? Go FUCK yourself Secret Labs + House of Horology. This is why I dont and never will back anything ever again. This user's account has been deleted. @Daniel Chang - Wow. Not sure if I am more shocked that Chris actually talks to people on the Netduino forums or that he has scammed them out of money there as well. @Dave Thanks for the reminder to check out how it's going with Olaf on the Netduino Go front. <url>"missing," he might have been on vacation. The HoH twitter page just updated with 2 new tweets. Before today, the last tweets were mid-December. I am indifferent to going after Lawrence. On one side, I love how Lawrence actually tried to help us and give us real updates. On the other side, this project does clearly list him as a co-creator; if this does go to court, that is one of the question we must answer, "Why isn't HoH also responsible for not delivering on this project?" What we know is that SL + HoH had not CREATED a smartwatch or COMPLETED the electronic circuitry design when they launch this campaign. Lawrence is a good weapon to use against Chris Walker. All the dirt he must know. So is putting HoH as co-defendants with SL a good idea? I see both pros and cons to this depending on the route HoH would take. @Matthew. Chris is correct don't let them mess you about @Simon I have to agree with Roma and Spaztastic. If Lawrence was running this project, I don't think we would be in this situation. Lawrence has tried to provide us with meaningful updates on progress and challenges only to get shutdown by Chris. He has to be as frustrated as us with how this whole thing has been handled. @spaztastic +1. Going after Lawrence is just vindictive and nasty. Simon, you and I know from talking to Lawrence that he is simply a supplier to Chris Walker. And I, for one, was told the same thing directly by Chris when I was naively doing the BADAR thing. Je suis Lawrence. @Simon While I'm not running to NYC with a pitchfork, I see no issues with going after Chris Walker with all cylinders firing. On the other hand, I do take strong issue with you going after Lawrence. The man got duped. Can you honestly say you've never made a poor business decision? It sounds like CW told him about rainbows and unicorns and royally screwed him over. Yes, he's in the masthead but he had zero access to the creator side of KS and where exactly did the money go? It went into an account setup by Chris Walker only. It was clear early on that Lawrence had no authority in this project. He went above and beyond trying to communicate with us while CW ran away and hid. He provided us with details here and on the facebook page he created. He didn't need to do any of that but I believe he was trying to give us what we wanted and to clear his name. I would venture a guess he didn't answer you because a lawyer told him not to have any contact with backers. His storefront is gone. The man has been through enough. What do you expect to gain from going after him? You're only going to cause him more pain and anguish. I seriously doubt there's any money there to be gained. Heads up for those in the UK. You can get a charge back but make sure you do it within 540 days of the intial payment otherwise the bank wont investigate. Sadly i was a month to late but there maybe hope for the rest of you. In the mean time lets expose Chris Walker for what he is. Update two - it is time to think about House of Horology - I hate to post this because I think Lawrence got caught out by naivety and cunning however he did the video with Chris Walker and his companies (ex) name is on the masthead. Perhaps he has too easy a ride. He is afterall JUST as responsible from a legal perspective as Chris is. Just so you know I sent this email on the 24th December and havent had a response. This isn't acceptable IMO: Hi Lawrence I hope you're keeping well. As you know "update" 25 is now out and were no further forward. Word reaches me that Windows phone integration, despite what was claimed, isn't currently possible. My guess is that Chris Walker is trying to spend backers money with the facade of keeping this project going without actually having the intention or ability to complete it. It would be very useful if you can let me know, on behalf of the "Agent Is Dead" group I have set up the following: 1) Are you still in active dialogue with Chris Walker? 2) Has the watch case been completed or a the leaf springs for the pushers (which we discussed in the past) still causing an issue? 3) Do you think it would have been useful to work closer with Chris Walker on the pushers when you identified this as a potential issue? (see previous emails) 4) You stopped posting updates - is this due to action by Chris Walkers Lawyers or from advice from your own lawyer? 5) Do you have any information on the project you would like to share? Would appreciate a swift response as I'm currently getting a press release/ article together and want to make sure I have my facts right Thanks Update: Apologies but I've had a very stressful day (possibly my most stressful in my career) so no email will be sent today or tomorrow. I haven't forgotten you - we currently have around 100 backers wanting to make sure Chris Walker cannot wash his hands of this project without hearing the voices of those that he has deceived and let down so badly. Feel free to join in <email> In the meantime: 1) Make sure you fill in the kickstarter complaint form 2) Make sure you complain to the NY AG: <url> 3) Call Chris on his mobile and leave a nice message. 4) Contribute to KS forums - like here for example: <url>100 you're covered by s75 of the consumer credit act which makes the credit card company jointly and severally liable. I.e. You could take them to the small claims court as if they were Chris (not me obviously) for not producing the goods. Next time you speak to them you set a 7 day deadline mentioning the above legislation and see what they say. It's not to hard to go through the small claims court, wouldn't get that far I doubt but would be a pain. Big companies are all bluster - I just billed my credit card company for emails sent to them over a mistake they made (and hadn't picked up) and they paid it. At the end of the day they don't want to waste manpower and time on someone who is going to be an issue (costs them money) so they'll do the easy thing which is a chargeback. @Matthew Lawerence I'm afraid I can't speak to charge back related questions as I'm in the US and not able to file a charge back. @Tim Wyatt. I've been urging backers who are frustrated by Chris Walker's "management" of this project to contact the New York State Attorney General's office. I did so back on Dec 2 and received a letter from AG last week that the have reached out to Chris / Secret Labs for their response/position. Should I receive any update I'll let everyone know. <url>"ideas". Sorry to all - I have been getting a steady stream of emails with people joining the list and so far I have done nothing. This is due in part to work but mainly a nasty case of man flu. I intent to send the first email out early next week Simon @simon Will you let us all know when the first agentisdead email goes out? I know you said you were swamped just want to make sure I didn't miss it. @Jamie if you use what Nathaniel has said that will work. I did a charge back and it wasn't as detailed as that and I was successful Same as Jamie. Any help with the charge back form would be grand :) Anyone in the UK done a successful sec75... can u email me ur wording for the letter Made a typo creating the alias but it'll do.. <email> Spaz, yeah I check out Moment occasionally. The commercial-in-confidence excuse is a classic but an easy one to trot out. "If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything" - Mark Twain Called my bank for a chargeback. Apparently CIBC allows chargebacks only up to 3 months. Not sure if it's just the representative I talked to. If anyone has any information for how to deal with something like this in Canada, that would be great. It's been 2 weeks. Isn't it time for the promised update that again will contain no real info? @Matt. I rang them they then sent a form I filled it in with as much info as possible. If you look at Nathaniel G's post that's the kind of info that will help @AD "In June 2013 I backed the Agent smart watch on Kickstarter sponsored by Secret Labs, a New York based company run by Chris Walker. The project was presented as a prototype watch with funding required to purchase materials and tooling for production. The estimated time for delivery was December 2013. There has been very little progress made by on the project and Chris Walker has provided little information if he is able to complete the project and deliver the watches." I provided links to the kickstarter project, agent watches website, as well as screen shots of the timeline, road to wrist, risks and challenges, and my backer history page showing incomplete. @Roma Things could be worse. At least you ditched the moment watch. They've been posting updates every two weeks but they have contained absolutely nothing information wise except we're going to be delayed. They made all their non updates backer only but they posted this gem to the public comments section: "Technically, this project is not late as our stated ship date was January 2015 and we are only in the first few days of the month. However, we have announced a delay to the ship date and have given an approximate ship date in our updates. From time to time we will update that schedule as needed. We know you want to see product pictures. We want to include them. We know that any picture posted here becomes public domain and may be reposted in many other locations that are out of our control. For this reason we will not post any pictures that do not accurately represent the finished product. Additionally, we will not post any pictures that give our competitors development insight." So in conclusion, even creators who do update every two weeks are just as worthless as the ones who don't update at all. At least Chris posted pictures of components ;-) @ben , did you phone your bank or credit/debit card company or did you write a letter? Cheers for any info you can give me. @Nathanial - would you be willing to share some of the language you used in your complaint to the NY AG? I plan on filing one with my state, well, District, and it sounds like you were successful in getting their attention. I just hope DC is as responsive as NY. @Matt then you can do a charge back. I did and got my money back @Ben, yeah mate mate I'm in the Uk :) @Nathaniel, that's interesting. I see you're from New York. I filed a complaint with the same office and never got a response. I'm not from the US let alone New York. Wow - and they have such a nice strap! <url>#comment-45638123 Feel free to add a comment about Chris - it all helps the google searches for his name. Laur - You have a reply now. I apologise to everyone who has emailed - I've been a bit swamped. I'm adding you all to a mailing list so that we can form a action group and get some stuff done - some childish and some serious all being well. If you want to join in then email: <email> <url>"Who Cares?" When I can get a new Pebble for about US$90, I must realize that I simply threw away 200 dollars on this device-that-will-NEVER-matter. Shame on me. And a refresher from the campaign page Advanced Power Management 7 days of battery life with Bluetooth. 30 days of battery life in watchface-only mode. This is the minimum standard we set for AGENT. I forgot to post the link <url>"created" a smartwatch and "completed" the electronic circuitry design. @Spaz Update #18 made no mention that he had not always "designed" the watch with the light film guide in mind. Please forgive my weakness on comprehension. Can anyone point out any ***progress*** mentioned in the last update, beside where the components are left idle? Bring => being Cheap ass kickstarter. My memory might be a bit fuzzy since it was so long ago, but the light film guide wasn't in the original spec so it not bring used should have no bearing on the battery life. He went from starting with a backlight for the campaign and then hey how about this neat cutting edge idea that I'm going to cough up money and a lot of time but it will be awesome in the end. @Simon did he even include that in his cost breakdown? I agree with Roma; that's solely the point I'm trying to make, and Daniel, it's not that I'm doubting your logic. I understand the conclusions you are drawing based on the limited number of updates we have received from Chris Walker. It's more so that I don't feel it can be proven without a final product or at minimum finalized specs that are to be used for production in the case of trying to prove a scam or fraud. And like both of you, I'm doubting the final product will come but there isn't 100% proof of that either. @Daniel, I agree with your argument but it's not the kind of thing you can prove unless the watch is in your hands. I don't think that day will come. If it does, it won't be half the product Chris promised, even by June 2013 standards let alone June 2015 ones. @Maaz a) the backlight now uses much more battery, b) the battery capacity is unchanged, c) the battery has been sitting there unused for a year, and d) there's no such thing as magic. Chris Walker isn't buying us new higher capacity batteries. So let's assume that Chris Walker can do some amazing OS design that's way more battery efficient than anything else in the market... SURE, that could be possible!!! Now that's jumping to conclusions! Use logic, and not just blind faith in the abilities of Chris Walker. So how exactly are those lies and misrepresentations not intentional? @Daniel - True, but as I said, you are jumping conclusions. We don't have the final specs and as you know, the specs have changed numerous times throughout the campaign, at least so we're told. We may never have the final specs the way this project is going and like you, I don't feel that his project will succeed under the circumstances, but unlike you, I don't like to jump conclusions and make assumptions without firm proof. As for lies and misrepresentations being intentional, that's something the court can decide if this was to go that far. I see it more as a lack of information and that might work out to his advantage. However, I think it's more likely Secret Labs files for bankruptcy at some point and gets out of this situation. IOso - That's funny. Thanks for the laugh. I think creator refers to the person who created the Kickstarter campaign though. Unfortunately, it doesn't appear that he has done much more than that. @maaz scam does generally mean intentional fraud. And the lies and misrepresentations told to us were obviously intentional! Whether or not Chris Walker had other intentions to deliver is a separate element. We don't need to further prove that this is even a bigger scam than it already is. That's the point I'm making. Two, unless the straps are premium leather with the proper stitching as described to us, it'll be bait and switch. Three, I choose to not believe in fairy tales. The original minimum standard battery life was set due to this thing called the light film guide which was supposed to be a lot more efficient than traditional backlight. We now have traditional backlight with the same battery as before. To meet that minimum standard requires us to believe that Chris Walker could do some amazing if not magical power management in the OS. Also, the batteries have just been sitting there, what's the shelf life of those batteries? It's crazy to assume that Chris Walker could meet the "minimum standard." Use logic. It's such a shame that its come to this. I don't even like referring to Chris Walker as "@Creator" because this giant flop is far from ever being created and it isn't fair to actual KS "Creators" that communicate, are transparent and deliver. I this point, I'm not waiting for the next update. I'm waiting for the last update. The update where Chris Walker, the failure, announce he can't deliver to the backer. He will give us a list of excuses, blame others. He won't even be able to show the details of all expenditures (anyone can fill a cabinet with electronics components). @creator, to do this kind of update just before Christmas just show the type of person you are. @creator can the title of this project be changed to Agent: The worlds most delayed kickstarter campaign and biggest amount ever scammed from backers. @Joshua - He's posted updates since then; just hasn't posted any comments, so he has logged in fairly recently. He has faced unexpected challenges with the project and his overconfidence has backfired. I agree that the project will likely stop when the money is gone. After all, if he kept the remaining funds, it provides hard evidence that he scammed people out of their money Whether he attempts to resolve the matter before that by selling the project or obtaining a partner or something else remains to be seen. I'm really curious to see how this ends up. I don't want to expect or assume anything right now. At this stage it's about how to best resolve the matter when it is not looking good for completion based on the problems he encountered and there are not enough funds to provide more than a small refund. The last time Chris Walker logged in was September 14. We can argue all we want what his intentions were when first he started the project, but it is pretty safe to assume we know his intentions now. His is a pattern of ever worsening communication and ever slowing progress. This project will stop only when the money is gone, and there is nothing left to do but a status report. @Ben - Technically it was modeled after an HoH watch so the electrical circuitry was done. The OS is just .net micro framework and the software is simply the ability to write watch apps in C# and he has provided a desktop emulator. Where we are stuck on is final integration. Chris was overconfident that all these parts are going to work together when in fact they do not, and there are likely also problems integrating with the smartphones. This was incompetence on his part. Where Chris fails now is his unwillingness to admit his mistakes and instead gives us the runaround to buy time until he can figure out either how to complete this project or terminate it without too much legal trouble. @Daniel - Scam is a loose term I guess; It generally means intentional fraud and it is debatable whether or not Chris intended on 'screwing us over' at the time of the campaign. If Chris had delivered the promised product or shown us significant progress instead of giving us the runaround, most people would not say this is a scam, even though he may have led us to believe differently about HoH's role and how complete the prototype was. As for the battery and straps, we don't have the final specs or even know for sure if the product is going to be delivered so those are just assumptions until supportive evidence is given. @maaz to me a scam is the lie, whether or not he intended on delivering. Those lies scammed us into backing this project. And I would argue that we're most likely not going to get that minimum standard 7 day battery life or those premium standard 22nm leather watch straps that HoH uses featured in the campaign, so it's also bait and switch. @Maaz. This is what CW said were the risks and challenges. Still not a scam? "Before starting this Kickstarter campaign, we created the electrical circuitry and core software for the AGENT smartwatch. That is the riskiest part of the project, and we felt that we needed to take that risk ourselves. As we move towards production, our main challenges are in final integration, wireless certifications, and parts deliveries." @Daniel - The primary purpose of my post was to address Ben's concerns of prior projects that Chris W has been involved in. You and I both agree that we should just judge him what he has done here for us. When I say I didn't feel it was meant to be a scam from the beginning, I meant that he fully intended on delivering, and it's quite normal to have a 6-12 month delay, especially for a Kickstarter project. If he had made progress and delivered instead of giving us the runaround in regards to straps, etc., then it wouldn't have been a big deal if he gave us the misconception that HoH was a partner and that their was a working prototype. I see those differently than you do. He was trying to sell a product and didn't feel it was a big deal to show us what the functioning watch would look like and not tell us that his consultant was not a partner. These were natural assumptions that backers made, including you and I. Unfortunately for Chris, and for us, his strategy backfired and now he doesn't know how to tell us that he isn't able to deliver the product. It was more of a case of overconfidence than anything else in my opinion. To me, a scam would be that he put together this campaign for the sole reason of collecting as much money as possible with no intention of ever delivering the promised product. While this is possible, there is no evidence to suggest that this is the case at this time. Fellow backers,I would have to say, this project has actually enlightened me to Kickstarter and future campaigns. I was totally under the assumption that there was a working prototype and all that was needed was funding for mass production. I know now that any future projects I back, that will be my first question, is there an actual working product. I won't be fooled twice on this crowd funding site or any other. I do have to admit, though, I still feel like a fool and robbed. @Wai H The only people (2 or 3) who so far gotten a refund (other than the ones who got credit card charge-backs from Englnd) are those who insulted Chris Walker, his wife, AND children (not or). And, no I'm not telling you to insult his family. @Maaz Yes, let's just judge Chris Walker on what he has done here for us; his actions here already tells us he is a liar, cheat, and scam artist. I still don't know what you mean when you say this wasn't meant to be a scam in the beginning, when, in the beginning, Chris Walker totally misrepresented the status of the project and what he needed to deliver a watch. Where I would agree is that Chris Walker probably thought he could deliver on his lies by August of next year (aka December with a "justifiable" 8 month delay); he had meant to deliver is what I'm saying. But, like I said, the fraud and the scams were evident from the beginning with what we know of the project now (we had no reason not to believe him back in June 2013). And also like I said, there are many federal and state laws that I believe should also apply to crowd-funding, and I'm willing to fight for that right. Making false, misleading, and/or deceptive claims about the quality, nature, price, or purpose of any products or services is illegal; there are also similar rules apply for investments. I just find it hard that they don't apply to crowd-funding; the defense for these rules not applying to crowd-funding is "we're new!" and that's just bogus. Cheers Cob. I hope St Nick was kind to Nick. I see you backed performance underwear. We ockers don't need any help in that department. Must be all that rain you get in pommieland. Catchya :) Happy Christmas Roma! Sorry I'm late with your gift but I've been waiting on this new fangled thing called a "Smart" Watch - I don't know what it is but I bought it from the dodgy Aussie bloke I met in the pub - he had a few he was knocking out?! Trouble is it's still not arrived yet but I'm sure it will be here any day now! Have a good one Cobber! Has this guy refunded or gotten back to anyone? What a scumbag! Just beautiful, Joshua. You don't have Far2go at all :) That was a nice update, really informative. Shows how far we have come. (Was that respectful and considerate?) ControlThink was sold. I'm not sure Scaleservers was a company; seems to be just a trademark that he let expire. It's nothing out of the ordinary to abandon trademark you're not using. Charon seems to be a company in the late 1990s that went out of business, just like many others in that time period. Enum Group I'm not sure, was another company he founded when he lived in Utah. I've personally been involved in a few computer businesses that closed or sold their product line. There are many reasons; it could be related to a dispute with partners, lack of demand, bad economy, or just plain wanting to get of business. It doesn't mean that he took people's money and ran or even that the product was inferior. I really don't see the relation. Also, I'm still not convinced that was the case here even. I agree that it is unlikely that he is able to complete the project and that the updates are basically just a runaround that do not give the whole story, but I still don't feel that this was meant to be scam from the very beginning nor do I see any relation between what happened here and the few other businesses he has been involved in, at least one more than 15 years ago. WOW!!!!! I just found the craziest report on our friend Chris Walker, it would seem that he is a scam artist that has done this in the past. ControlThink, SCALESERVERS, CHARON SOFTWARE, enumgroup, are all companies that Chris created then dumped. The next update will have a set of pictures that includes a mostly eaten turkey, half a bowl of eggnog, an empty bowl of turkey gravy, six empty bottles of bourbon, ham, pineapples, 12 rolls of plastic sealed wrapping paper, and 12 used up rolls of toilet paper. Thank you for your continued support and sorry for the delay! We've Made Progress! We've ate, pissed, and shit. And they're all ready to be wrapped up for December delivery. Happy Holidays! Remember when Lawrence wrote and complained about how Chris Walker wouldn't get him any component for him to physically test fittings on. Lawrence also wrote on Facebook that Chris Walker is no where near the level of technology that he claimed he was. All I'm saying is that I didn't need to wait for the buttons to know Chris Walker in way over his head. @roma obviously this whole thing was a fubar and who knows exactly what transpired between Chris and Lawrence but good grief....if Lawrence was designing the watch case it would seem he would be responsible for the mechanical components and the integration between the pushers and the board would have to be a collaborative effort. The fact that they couldn't even get in the same room together doomed this project from the start. The update is a joke, a bad one. @Dino, phew - I just snuck in in time :) @Roma - If they're buying old casinos, it's no surprise they haven't got the money to finish the watch ;-) Amazing that Pebble solved that none issue two years ago yet Chris hadn't even considered it. Although he had been preoccupied working out how to attach a strap to a watch case, which is pushing the boundaries of what's possible with current technology. *old casios ... Speaking of which, I'm thinking of Martin Calsyn and his health right now. I wish you well, Martin. Regarding the button presses, when Lawrence skyped me from Hong Kong ages ago he said the former project manager had just contacted Lawrence asking if he knew how the pushers should interact with the movements. Lawrence was stunned that this question came a) at all b) at this late stage c) to himself. He said it was not included in his contract so assumed Chris had it worked out. Anyway, Lawrence decided to help and bought the pebble, old casinos etc to see what they did. This was my moment of awakening - that this issue had not been thought about and resolved long before. Even a simpleton like me knows that something needs to go on the boards to make sure the pushers make reliable contact with the contacts. And the watch case would need to accommodate that something. Regardless of who is responsible for working out what that something should be, I was flabbergasted to hear that the question had not even been asked until then, let alone resolved. If there's a single example of gross mismanagement I ever need to point to about this project, it is that one. That's when I lost all confidence in Chris Walker. @Ben - You're correct and have highlighted one area that Chris Walker went into this project with enthusiasm and a massive ego but not much else. In sept Chris Walker said FCC approval was going to cost $70K (odd as his original target was $100K). After reading the documentation I believe he was wrong on the cost but was clueless about timescales. As it stands today the subject is just a minor point because the watch isn't going to happen. Don't get mad. Get even: <email> Where is my last comment? @Chris - Interesting. This is a issue over demarcation as I see it. Lawrence knew this was an issue back in August and yet here we are nearly in Jan and nothing has been done. Who is to blame? The auto reply is Chris but we need to be fair and base things on facts. The fact is that if Chris is only doing the case housing he can walk away. However if he has further involvement then he has a responsibility to raise the issue and possibly find a solution. I don't have any scope of works or contract to verify who is responsible for what. Based on what I do know this project was based on enthusiasm and little else. @Daniel you have a good point. It is pretty clear that what was promised during the funding cycle was not actually possible so any delay is beneficial. However with delay comes cost. As the latest "update" proves is what I mentioned in September - ie you cannot order just the bits you need. You need to factor in failure, support and min quantities. So my guess of 6000 units is about right. Now we have a cabinet at many thousands of bucks to pay for to keep parts that shouldn't have been ordered in a condition that will mean they don't just go in the bin. Quite frankly, this bullshit about who should pay for an engineer who could get electrical/digital buttons working is likely just Chris Walker buying himself some time to get the OS, SDK, and companion apps working. All these negative updates about nothing happening, how about some update on the OS and the development front, unless nothing is happening there too... I can't possibly be the only one who thinks that not only could Chris Walker work on the watchcase, but also the software side at the same time, right? @Simon, I've spoken to Lawrence about the button presses as well and from what he's told me it seems CW is trying to pawn that off on Lawrence when he has no knowledge on how to integrate a smart movement to physical buttons. CW refuses to hire someone who has knowledge, so the project has stalled here until they can find someone. Update: I have emailed Lawrence of House of Horology (can someone remind me of the new brand/address he has set up?) asking for clarification of certain points. I like Lawrence and have stated clearly from early on I thought he was going to be stiffed. However his company is still on the masthead so it is important that he isn't given a free ticket and that he ensures that his side of the story is watertight. It is worth remembering he has had at least $60,000 plus out of this project. My questions to him are mainly around the buttons press. I will not reveal more here yet. I have also started to compile a press story and some other bits and pieces. My goal to be open and honest is to bankrupt Chris Walker for the non delivery of Agent. Don't get mad, get even: <email> @Ben - You're correct and have highlighted one area that Chris Walker went into this project with enthusiasm and a massive ego but not much else. In sept Chris Walker said FCC approval was going to cost $70K (odd as his original target was $100K). After reading the documentation I believe he was wrong on the cost but was clueless about timescales. As it stands today the subject is just a minor point because the watch isn't going to happen. Don't get mad. Get even: <email> You will never get to see a watch. How many times do I need to repeat this? But don't get mad get even: <email> @Ben Abrams: Yes, it needs FCC certification. Correct me someone please, but does this device not have to go threw testing and certification? That was not mentioned at all! Those things take months! And what are the photos meant to prove? We had a video that more or less stated the watch was ready. This update is meant to show kickstarter he is providing updates nothing more there is still no watch and there never will be If you really want to thank backers for their patience then start refunding those that want a refund! There is nothing stopping you (unless you've spent everything on useless crap) Looking at this from a positive angle, when the watch does arrive I could be the proud owner of a Vintage unused museum piece! Retro before ever being used............now that's really unique! Its nice to see pretty pictures of storage and what not. But what's going on with the cases? Made any progress? Why do you keep beating around the bush Chris? Seriously. @Claude, well done! Can you take over the project please? I'll expect delivery next month :) @Jeff Burke, yes, that and a "we've spent big bucks" update. I wrote a long Kickstarter "Walk of Shame" projects list. I have boiled it down to make it more readable. First the Happiest of Holidays to all backers who are the folks that make Kickstarter go. Hang in there and go with your heart. For me-- idiot projects-- way overdue, over-promised and under delivered, outright lies as to where they were when they asked for our money have reduced my backing to 24 projects in 2014 ( 7 of those were $5 and under to stay ing touch.) and only 2 were 100 or more. Walk of Shame Machination: A Game of evil GeniusSignal Flare Game Saturn V Relaunch  Paul Sahre CST-01 Central Standard Timing Embrace+ Paul and Rudy --my nomination for idiots of the year. Agent Smartwatch -- Chris Walker  (Secret Labs/ Netduino VACHEN Smartwatch Won Rhee HotWatch PHTL Honorable mentions to Omate Truesmart and Neptune Pine, for delivering way less than promised and very late. ( no iOS app) Happy Holidays Chris, i have solved the strap problem. You presented the Agent with what seems to be a HoH Bedlam watch strap. See here: <url>"meet your quota" update. My guess is that his attorney advised him to put something out. I want my money back. By the time I get this watch it will be so grossly outdated it will be useless. OH MY GOODNESS! There's solder involved? Stand back guys, this is serious, we have to leave the professionals to their work, you can't rush this (despite the fact the parts are now all out of date)... this post has 12 photos in it... NOT ONE of the product or any portion of the product.... 11 of them are component labels. Cuz the backers care about the labels on the components.... at this point, all this shows me is he's invested in too much inventory long before he needed it, and as fast as things are moving in this technology space (watches, fitness bands, wearables), many of the parts have already been obsoleted by updated and improved technology from the manufacturers. with over $1M in backer money, and now the posts don't even "guess" at a schedule or deliverable dates. Sorry, of course it should be "schizophrenic" instead of "paranoid". He talks about himself in plural... I'm sure, this guy is paranoid... he is still talking about "the team"... it's almost funny... Wow...Chris hit the nail on the head with this update! How did he know that I've been pondering over the last 1.5 years about the complexities of part storage and soldering techniques?!?! Latest update, perhaps the best example of providing a lot of information that nobody wants to hear. Still refuses to provide his backers a timeline for delivery. This is ridiculous. This project must be used as one of the highlights of KICKSTARTER, in order to inform everyone not only about great projects that worked, but also the ones that failed. As backers we are screwed, there is no guarantee no anything and the terms of kickstarter basically state that you are giving money in hope that the project creator will use your money towards the project. To people saying kickstarter is not a store go ahead donate money and do not choose any reward if you are only for the journey and not the product itself. @Costanza: Apparently Netduino is not doing well either and Chris has pissed some people off with Netduino Go: <url>#207. New York, NY 10014 and Chris Walker. If you feel Chris has misrepresented Agent I would encourage you to also file a complaint. It takes 5 minutes and can be completed online. <url>"out" Chris Walker is hoping for: "Sorry guys. Moisture damage got to everything and we don't have the money to start over. Shit happens, I guess. See you later!". I can't stand this project any longer. Chris, give me a refund. Another vehicle to highlight the shortcomings of kickstarter <url>"smart movement"). This would do wonders to instill confidence that things are as far along as reported. These updates focusing on everything *but* demonstrating the electronics and functionality are becoming alarming. Still no demonstration of the software. Anyone know if they ended up using Sapphire for the lens or what the material is? Dear Kickstarter, you should not let companies use your service to crowd fund when they clearly have no idea what they are doing. I can appreciate a delay here and there (which still is unacceptable) but this is absolutely ridiculous. Dear AGENT, your campaign is actually worse than the Omate Truesmart Watch Campaign which is saying A LOT! Stuff happens and I get that but my particular reward was to ship in December of 2013!!! You are to date 1 full year delayed and there's currently no end in sight as far as I can see. Your watch is 1000% outdated now and you can buy keychains, activity bands and other watches to do as much or more than your watch for half the price. THIS CAMPAIGN IS A COMPLETE DISASTER AND YOU ALL SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES. In Closing, Kickstarter, I don't care what campaign may intrigue me moving forward, I will never use your service again because clearly you let the lowest of the low start a campaign and take all our money. And no mention of the straps So still nothing has been done since the last update apart from purchasing of parts for netduino. None of our question were answered. I can't even be bothered to leave a comment after that non-update. This definitely isn't a comment, just like that definitely wasn't an update. Ahem. This is laughable. Refund whatever money is left and stop trying to bleed us dry by buying equipment for future personal use. This product is dead in incubation and will be 2 years dated before IF it ever made it to market. I may be wrong on this but surely you shouldn't put cardboard in dry storage as it holds moisture? In other words,Chris Walker has done nothing the past ~2 months but take a couple of pictures and do a little write-up of what the pictures are of. Be real, Chris! I am sick and tired of your pathetic attempts to string your KS backers along for this farce. I requested a refund from you months ago and didn't even get a reply. Thanks for nothing. Wohoo... (learned how to read reel labels, and how SMD components are soldered using a reflow oven) It is pretty refreshing to not get an update about the straps! Quite frankly, when Chris Walker writes about the straps, he pisses me off. Although this is a totally useless update (we pretty much had this information two updates ago), but, hey! He didn't discuss the straps! I consider this extremely positive! Now stop talking about the watchcase, stop throwing Lawrence under the bus, and give us some information on the progress of the OS, SDK, and companion apps (which probably requires the progress on the SDK to be made). @Jason: I agree. This watch is a paper weight and the update is completely useless. No new information, just more of the same BS. I am going to just get an apple watch and call it a day. I already gave up on this watch months ago and brought a pebble. Screw this watch! Give me my money back. I will have an apple watch before this piece of crap!! I haven't read the "update" yet but as soon as I got the e-mail I couldn't help but say... <url>"Before starting this Kickstarter campaign, we created the electrical circuitry and core software for the AGENT smartwatch. That is the riskiest part of the project, and we felt that we needed to take that risk ourselves. As we move towards production, our main challenges are in final integration, wireless certifications, and parts deliveries." For any of you that think KS would get involved in this here's a stat for you <url>"I too don't believe"... So, we're not disagreeing at all! Maybe the wording of it came off wrong, and I'll blame Chris Walker, because I had to reread the "story" multiple times to point out everywhere that I believe he misleads! <url>"vandalism" or "opinions" like they did last Friday when other folks else tried editing it. Now I hope that information will stick. Putting "Smart" in quotes is necessary, because we don't even know if the watch is even "smart" at this point, a full year after the original date of delivery. Chris Walker had not proven yet that the hardware could even sync to a smartphone yet. We have yet to see a real demo. I still love how this pile of a project is worded on wikipedia (agent "smart" watch) HAHAHHA @Mark Wallace - I agree. However, it would have been more appropriate to state something in between. "The AGENT is being modeled after (state model of HoH watch here) and HoH has been hired as a consultant to complete the design. I will be working directly with them to complete the smartwatch integration during this period." (It could be stated better but this is just to give you an idea). @Daniel Chang - See above. I agree that he gave us the perception that the project was further along than it really was. However, I still don't see any evidence that suggests that he never had the intention of delivering or that integration with Windows Phone is not possible. He did give us the false assumption that HoH was a partner instead of just a consultant and that the design was already completed. As you said, at least support support iOS and Android in the meantime until the situation with Microsoft is resolved. Update : I'm on holiday in Germany (lovely place BTW) however the email at: <email> is pretty busy. If you still think you're getting a watch with MS integration I have a bridge to sell you. Expecting any form of watch from Chris Walker? Never mind eh? Does anyone still have faith in this project? My work behind the scenes is now focusing on if Chris Walker (despite my previous posts) was fraudulent from the get go. It isn't looking good. I will report back once I have all the facts. My one question is why is/was playing along? If you want to make life hard for Chris Walker then email above and you will join the list. Chris Walker - you have no way out. We're gunning for you. Form submitted.. very disappointed this has dragged on for so long.. Cannot believe there hasn't been an update for nearly 2 months on a project that appeared so well-progressed in the Promo Video from the start?! @Claude, You'll likely just get back a generic response, but hopefully the more people who contact them about this project the higher the possibility they'll do something. Has everyone use the "report this project to Kickstarter" button on the pledge page? I did yesterday stating that CW made false claims. Is this useful? I've been hiding in the background reading the comments on here for a couple weeks now. I'm saddened by the conclusion we have all drawn. I wanted to let everyone know that I also filled out a form but that I will be highly surprised if anything comes from it. I will probably just buy the Pebble Steel within the next 6 months. @Alex, let us know if you fund any other projects so we don't as well. ;) Just kidding. @Daniel, I think you are absolutely correct. We'll either get great news or no news from this point on. I guess I'll fill out the form, I didn't even realize that this is the 2nd project that I've backed that has completely f***ed up! Will this watch ever be finished? or will the long & mysterious Apple Watch be released before this watch even makes it to the original backers? Where the edit button? what *we now know... BTW, the next time we'll probably see an update is probably either never or when he feels the product is ready for certifications. Basically, either REALLY good news, or no news at all. @Mark Wallace or that he hasn't even tested smartphone syncing due to that he has not made any companion apps... @Maaz Mansori I agree with most of what you said, but Chris Walker did deliberately mislead us into backing this project. He said that he "created" a smartwatch and that he "completed" the electrical circuitry, and basically suggested that all that remained was working on the watchcase and certifications. With his Secret Labs reputation at the time, I believed him. Turned out he totally lied with what he know now. He was no where near where he claimed to be technologically. The electrical circuitry is NOT "completed," so obviously he had not "created" a smartwatch. On the companion apps, I do have my doubts whether Microsoft would allow him to publish an app with the Accessory API. But as long as it works for Android or iPhone, it'll be fine. It's Microsoft's fault for making it so hard to use/publish with the Accessory API. And I don't know how experienced Chris is at making iOS or Android apps; does he even know who to contact to contract this out? Also, months back, we were given screenshots of where the Agent SDK is now today and where he wants it to be in the future. We still haven't got an update on that yet. I find it rather suspicious that there is no movement on that front. I would think the he want as much developer support as possible. Why he hasn't updated us on that? All these updates about the watchcase and the straps side of things turning out to be negative, if the OS and the SDK is moving along, why didn't he bother posting something positive too? We also have not seen an actual hardware demo as part of this campaign. Sure, Pete Brown posted demos of the single core prototypes connected to laptop, but that wasn't part of the kickstarter campaign. And Chris Walker said that the new hardware is different from the prototypes with a better processor, etc. We definitely have not seen the new hardware in action at all. Kickstarter requires a demo of prototypes without misrepresentations. At the time of the funding, we had no reason not to believe that the prototypes worked as the campaign video shown. But, with what we know now, we know that the prototype(s) in the campaign video could not possibly had worked as demonstrated. At this point I don't know how anyone could pretend that Chris Walker didn't deliberately deceive us. I do believe he did overestimate his abilities and underestimated what needed to be done. I doubt we'll be getting an update for a while. Chris Walker's last update gave us the greatest ammunition to sue him in court. You may call him a coward, but if I were to tell you that I created a smartwatch and I completed the design of the electronic circuitry and 17 months later showed you that I just had to reverse engineer a $15 watch to see how spring leaf switches work, I'd be worried especially after taking in over $1M. I'd try to save the rest of the unspent money for lawyers. @Mark Wallace. I could not agree more. @Maaz I think if Chris has said at the beginning "I have an idea to build a smart watch but I need to plan out the boards, cases, buttons, backlight, FCC and straps" I feel pretty confident he wouldn't have had a million bucks in funding for it As for Windows Phone support, I don't know who sent Simon the e-mail or what exactly was stated, but keep in mind that the Accessory Apps is new to Windows Phone. The FitBit Surge is a new smartwatch that supports Windows Phone as far as fitness tracking is concerned but does not yet support receiving notifications. However, it has been stated that support is being actively worked on and should be available soon. I don't see any reason why the same would not be possible with the AGENT or any reason why Microsoft would deny access from the product, especially considering that it is running on .NET MF. I also don't see WP support as the primary reason why this project was delayed indefinitely as it could have been added later. Chris W could have explained the situation and stated that it is being actively worked on but might not be available upon release instead of just making excuses about problems with the design. I feel that he underestimated what needed to be done to make this watch work and spent too much money and is now unable to complete the project at this time but unwilling to admit it. I don't believe it was originally his intention to not deliver but he did give us the perception that HoH was a partner and that things were further along than they really were which helped him get a lot of backers. This user's account has been deleted. @Simon, if that email is true from CW I am beyond pissed, as the ONLY reason I backed this project was because it included Windows Phone support. That is certainly breach of KS ToS. Submitted the form, used Roma's great sum-up and added to it: My pledge was estimated to deliver in December 2013. 12 months later: A) The joint creators are at war with each other - one was sharing information and engaging the backers like we would expect from a good project on KS. until the Creator called in the lawyers to shut him up (turns out the good guy who we were led to believe to be a partner in the project was just a supplier anyway). B) A smartwatch comprises three things - a case, an internal board, and a strap. Creator hasn't even worked out how to connect the board to the case so the internals are (supposedly) almost finished and the case hasn't started. Creator has spent many of his already-few words talking about the strap which is a standard 22mm thing anyone can buy off the shelf. C) Despite many requests creator has not shown that the board actually works. D) Updates are increasingly infrequent, irrelevant and imprecise. The last schedule given 6 months ago estimated assembly starting 3 months ago. Again, delivery was originally to be December 2013. In summary - the project is 12 months late, there is no sign of it ever getting done and the creator has not updated or even commented on Kickstarter in the last 7 weeks. E) There are some talks that during the project it turned out that it was impossible to get the watch working with windows mobiles (the big selling point was, that it *will* work with any phone) and as the Creator hasn't been there to comment on the issue, we'll have to go by the old "silence supports the claim"-proverb - i.e. it's true and the Creator is too cowardly to admit. It's by far the worst experience with ANY crowdsourcing project I've ever had (and I've had more than a few!) and thus far Kickstarter's reaction and response to the problem eating away at their credibility has been totally inadequate. I demand some consistent answers, not the usual "we're sorry but we don't care"-bullcrap! The $200+ I invested in this flop would have been far better off in the hands of so many other project creators.. @Roma - thanks for the basis! Well, if the friends of the Creator are relaxed.. They have a lot less to lose as they'll get their money back for sure (if they want it) or get a party thrown for them for a couple grands to make up for not getting a watch.. And they don't have to care for the rest of the backers. What I wanted to say is that they are covered while the other backers can be blatantly ripped off and nobody cares. The $200 I put into the project will not destroy my life (although it would be different for the Creator, for that matter), there is the question of principles. He got back to me again. He is indeed a backer but quite relaxed about the whole thing. He sent Chris a heads up message with my email attached. Good of Scott to do that. Submitted the form. Scott just replied and he's contacting Chris. I get the feeling that he hasn't been following this project closely but he is certainly Chris' friend. This seems to be the about the only line of communication we have with Chris so I suggest we don't pester Scott about it. If he gets back to me again I'll let you know. Merry Christmas to all! Got it. Scott Hanselman. Here's the interview. Listen for the first 5 minutes and see how things have changed! They mention Pete Brown's name and I think they're all friends. Scott may well be a backer. <url>"main" domain this tag has been put on it: "clientRenewProhibited" This status code tells the domain's registry to reject requests to renew the domain. It is an uncommon status that is usually enacted during legal disputes or when the domain is subject to deletion. Oh dear ! Form filled in. This is in addition to the multiple emails I have sent to KS in the past highlighting how Chris Walker has broken the TOS. When I get back to the UK I will be setting up a phone and email thon to all of Chris Walkers known (and less well known) email addresses and his phone numbers (cell and landline) Want to join in? We have a small group united in one cause so email: <email> While filling out the Kickstarter form might get Chris to communicate with us, I would also encourage everyone to also file a complaint with the New York State attorney general. Washington State has already filed the first lawsuit against a Kickstarter project creator. <url>"not available". @Max, no answer. I sent two messages 24 hours apart. For amazing read Amazon no edit button As it seems that this will never be delivered shouldn't Kickstarter and amazing refund their fees? Form submitted. Did anyone get an answer to a message sent to the phone number leaked here? Its annoying to change you phone number ... Almost two months and not a single word from CW... Form submitted and message sent to CW. Form submitted. Submitted form as well Submitted form. Once again, if you have not yet completed the Kickstarter form, please do so ASAP! <url>"My pledge was estimated to deliver in December 2013. 12 months later: A) The joint creators are at war with each other - one was sharing information until the other one called in the lawyers to shut him up (turns out the good guy is just a supplier to the creator). B) A smartwatch comprises three things - a case, an internal board, and a strap. Creator hasn't even worked out how to connect the board to the case so the internals are (supposedly) almost finished and the case hasn't started. Creator has spent many of his already-few words talking about the strap which is a standard 22mm thing anyone can buy off the shelf. C) Despite many requests creator has not shown that the board actually works. D) Updates are increasingly infrequent, irrelevant and imprecise. The last schedule given 6 months ago estimated assembly starting 3 months ago. Again, delivery was originally to be December 2013. In summary - the project is 12 months late, there is no sign of it ever getting done and the creator has not updated or even commented on Kickstarter in the last 7 weeks." Project update: Chris Walker stole all our money, and wasted more of it on a lawyer shutting down HOH's updates because of trademark infringement. What an investment banker you are Chris Walker I just received a message from Kickstarter, they asked me to fill out a form reagarding this project. I HIGHLY recommend every backer should go complete the request as I have done! It may help elevate this project in Kickstarters eyes! Link to form <url>#Hardware @Simon, do you have CW's numbers and addresses? how would we go about organizing this effort? someone should tip off the GOP that Chris walker wants to do harm to north korea's leader. that will bring him down Who of you would like to remind Chris Walker that we're still here? You've heard of telethons right? I need enough of you for a special emailothon. This would require you dear reader to email addresses associated with Chris Walker a number of times in a small given period of time. Interested? email me at <email> So I got a response from Kickstarter, and it was basically their canned reply saying tough luck, but we don't get involved... Hi there, Here at Kickstarter HQ, we expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if theyre unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creators ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases youll find that rewards are delivered as promised, its also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. I hope that this helps to address your concerns, but please dont hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. Best, Katherine Looking at the activities here, I guess it's time to submit a complaint to Kickstarter and start submitting chargebacks then. you think - there wont be any new updates - i think CW forgot about this project. Apparently my intuition of an update coming a few nights ago was off. AGENT is lucky there are no other smartwatches that work with Windows Phone (besides Band), otherwise I'd be far less patient with this project. I'm planning on getting a Band after Christmas. Would have had it sooner, but my $200 went to this sham of a project. There has been a lot of activity at <url>"improved communications". This watch is obsolete. I think it's time to refund everyone their hard earned money so they can buy an Apple watch when it is released early next year. <url>"What a difference a day makes? Twenty four little hours..." Multiply it by ten, and the attitude speaks for itself. Last login Dec 7. @ben it's not tax free and he should have received a form last year from amazon. It gets reported to the irs. Now who knows if he filed it on his return but it would be under his business not him personally. I never understood why anyone would kick something under their name. Form an LLC in Deleware. It costs minimal and it provides protection against personal assets. @Boudewijn, I have one pending (ing) you need to include communication from amazon/kickstarter and communication with the creator first. Thus the first step is asking them for a refund and if they don't respond affirmative then approach your cc company... @Boudewijn as far as I know a few in the UK have been successful due to a certain law in that country. Did any of the Dutch backers already succeeded their credit card chargeback? I contacted kickstarter about this project. I'm sure I'll just get the canned response, but hopefully at one point after they get enough complaints they'll do something about it. @Daniel Chang - I'm going to send that to Kickstarter, with actual proof I wonder what they will say. @Badr - You'll be lucky I am beyond uninterested in this project anymore and require a refund. Please message me with details on how to get my pledge money back, as this project is beyond a total failure at this point in time, to me. @Daniel Chang Bravo. We need more constructive input, such as yours. Who would report the income Even if Chris took off with the money (which I 100% do not believe he did), he would still have to pay tax on it, assuming it was reported. I have said this before but this guy received a million dollars free from tax surely this would interest the IRS? "We are driven to get your AGENT smartwatch off the assembly line and onto your wrist; we will let you know if we run into unexpected delays." 1. We often find out of the delay by NOT getting an timely update from Chris. It's like 7 weeks later of not getting an update, CW writes an update that there's been a delay. No kidding, Sherlock. 2. The first months of updates that we received said nothing of this Light Film Guide issue. It wasn't until March 25, 2014, three months after the original date of fulfillment, did we actually get an update about backlighting issues with a new estimated timeline of August 2014 fulfillment. 3. Obviously, we're still delayed right now. Where's the new estimated timeline? Miscellaneous: "Secret Labs + House of Horology" 1. I don't know about you guys, but I thought this was a joint project and not just Chris Walker. I will break down the Kickstarter story of the World's Smartest Watch and point out where all the areas where it misleads us into backing this project. Obviously I'm not going to place blame on Chris Walker for technology moving ahead without waiting Chris Walker to deliver on on this watch. No Compromises: "We weren't willing to compromise. So we spent the last year testing and integrating the very best new technologies from around the world, eliminating limitations of the past." 1. Obviously limitations weren't eliminated. Or else Chris Walker wouldn't have compromised on a traditional backlight. "We've created the first smartwatch that doesn't compromise, with both unparalleled battery life and powerful watch apps. With two-way communication to smartphones and amazing developer tools that you can download today. And with so much more." 1. Note the word "created." This suggests that this campaign is trying to sell us a working product that may just have a few things left to do. This is not "a vision." 2. Two-way communication to smartphones? Really? Had we ever seen the prototypes do this in action? Last I checked, the prototypes communicated with a laptop. This two-way communication to smartphones requires companion apps that we had never seen in action. After all, this is "created," right? Trendsetting Design: "We want to wear our watches everywhere, so Secret Labs teamed up with NYC watchmaker House of Horology to craft a beautiful watch that matches any outfit." 1. Team? Oh, really? Just questioning Chris Walker's definition of team by his treatment of Lawrence. 2. Could it really match ANY outfit? "You can switch from one watchface to another with the press of a button, matching your style or your mood. And you can download additional watchfaces through your smartphone." 1. Press of a button? This suggests that the buttons actually work. This we know is untrue. 2. Downloading watchfaces through our smartphones? We can? This suggests that a companion app exists for downloading additional watchfaces. Works with your Smartphone: "AGENT talks to your smartphone using Bluetooth, enabling convenient control of your music library and acting as a wrist-based display for smartphone apps." 1. As pointed out many times before, this suggest that a companion app has, at the very least, been tested to work for those functions. We still have not seen it. 2. The rest of that entire section is misleading us the very same way. After all, this is "created." Advanced Power Management: "7 days of battery life with Bluetooth. 30 days of battery life in watchface-only mode. This is the minimum standard we set for AGENT." 1. The battery has already been bought and the backlight had changed to something less efficient. So in order for this minimum standard to be met, Chris Walker has to work some miracle. I could see the specs met if we do get a bigger battery, but I doubt that will happen. 2. "Minimum standard" means that Chris Walker acknowledge that this is a requirement. So if he doesn't, this is BAIT AND SWITCH if we don't get a refund if we request. Unlike in the Dimension section, CW never set a guarantee or maximum size requirement, and we were fully aware that some of the designs might change. Saying this is "minimum standard" means that that battery life MUST NOT CHANGE. 3. What exactly is the shelf life of those unused batteries? Rechargeable batteries shouldn't be left discharged or unused for an extended period of time. Watch Straps: "AGENT features an accent-stitched watch strap. Available in six accent colors (orange, black, green, red, blue and white), these standard 22mm watch straps can be swapped without specialized tools." 1. What watch straps? We know that there is no decision on any watch straps even today, December 16, 2014. So how could there be watch straps back in May 2013?!? 2. Will we still get standard 22mm straps in six accent colors? Heck, would the default strap still have that white stitching? If not, BAIT AND SWITCH! "UPDATE (22-May-2013): Thanks to extra funding from our backers, you will be able to choose between a genuine leather watch strap and a silicon rubber watch strap (leather straps pictured above). UPDATE (31-May-2013): We now have an extra-long watchstrap (20mm longer) option. The extra-long watchstraps will be available in a subset of accent-stitching colors (black and white stitching), in both genuine leather and silicon rubber materials." 1. Really? Will those campaign goals still be met? If not, again, BAIT AND SWITCH! Assembled in USA: "Building AGENT smartwatches in the USA speeds our time to market, reduces our manufacturing risk, and enables us to build the watch with exacting standards. It also helps employ our neighbors, which we love." 1. HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA! That sure speed things up hadn't it... 2. Are you actually employing your neighbors??? Cause we are suspicious of you building that "assembly room" in your garage or basement... It would make since I guess... (Just kidding) Warranty: "Every AGENT smartwatch will come with a limited 2-year warranty. This will cover the replaceable battery under normal usage circumstances." 1. Unfortunately for us, this is a guarantee without a remedy specified. So all we can do here is damage Chris Walker's reputation enough where CW would still be hurt financially that way instead of just making us happy in the first place. Sounds familiar? The Road to Your Wrist: "The watches in the video are the latest prototype watches, with cases precision-milled out of aluminum and powder coated black. We are evaluating several premium case materials for production watches and will select the final material based on beauty and wireless performance." 1. Chris Walker is saying that the prototype works as shown on the video, which we know contains a whole lot of misrepresentation such as having buttons that work. 2. Kickstarter rules says that physical products must feature explicit demos of working prototypes. This is the only demo we got. And much of demo is misrepresentation. Who want to make a youtube video or something that points out all the misrepresentations? I'll do it if I have the time. 3. Chris Walker had surely evaluated all premium materials and winded up choosing the cheap material not based of beauty or wireless performance... "We have completed design of the electronic circuitry for production AGENT watches, and we have ported our operating system to the new Atmel Cortex-M4 microcontroller." 1. Pretty sure that the buttons are part of the electronic circuitry, and we know that wasn't done in May 2013. It's questionable if it's even done today! "Upon successful funding of this Kickstarter campaign, we will use raised funds to create watchcase molds and production circuit boards... And most excitingly, we'll be ordering a rather large volume of processors, screens, batteries, and more...to make AGENT watches for our backers." 1. Yeah, Chris Walker told us he bought all those parts already. Yet, we have not seen them. I would love to see the barebone in action. I don't know about you guys. Estimated Timeline: "June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode" 1. Pretty sure of December 16th, 2014, we're still on that step. This delay is beyond extraordinary. 2. And straps. 3. And buttons. "During this process, we will share snapshots of the journey: eddy current testing for our custom wireless charging coil and materials selection; radio frequency test results where we ensure that AGENT stays within FCC limits; details about final backlight illumination testing; and more." 1. The updates are severely lacking in details. 2. And more? HA HA HA HA HA! Risks and Challenges: "Before starting this Kickstarter campaign, we created the electrical circuitry and core software for the AGENT smartwatch. That is the riskiest part of the project, and we felt that we needed to take that risk ourselves." 1. It is pretty evident today that the electrical circuitry was not completed. The buttons had never worked. 2. The core software of a smartwatch in order for the watch to be smart, must also have companion apps. From what we know now, the way that the Agent prototypes had been demoed is through a laptop and not a smartphone. In the previous "No Compromise" section, we were led to believe that this is a smartwatch with two-way communication with smartphones. So without companion apps for smartphones, this is NOT a smartwatch. Oh look Agent made Gizmodo <url>"your side" of things. If there is no progress, then let us know too. What really shitty is our money paid for the lawyer that stopped us from getting information... There has to be something that can be done. I'm beyond being "classy" i hope he burns in that new assembly room we built him. Way to keep it classy @Chris, Gotcha thanks. I didn't know he got a lawyer to stop him, i thought he just told him to stop. what a jack ass! CW needs to be sodomized by an elephant, what a piece of shit. @Christopher Hammond you are a crazy dreamer @Josh, Lawrence posted regularly in the comments providing updates for us where CW didn't under a friends account. CW then sent lawyers at him forcing him to stop disclosing info and to shut down his AGENT facebook page were he posted pictures and info. I was looking forward to using native VS 2012 to develop for this watch. I've since moved on, switching gears to the Android Wear platform. At least I get Xamarin support for developing with the .NET platform on it. I feel like we'll see an update soon. Call me crazy, call me a dreamer. Maybe Chris is giving us early christmas present and buttons are ready. Then we could probably expect to have this watch on our wrists on next christmas. Can't wait! ;) I think Pete Maybe living in dreamland somewhere. Where's this update with photos.....surprised. Oh, Ben, where were you when Pete Brown was calling me illogical if not outright insane for saying that? He also does not believe that the timeline is deliberately misleading. Not only did the video violate Kickstarter rules of prototypes, the timeline tells us he's got 3 months worth of final touch ups to do when he in fact a year and 5 months later still doesn't have the basics such as the buttons or the watch straps down. Would Chris Walker be willing to be honest and admit that he was no where close in terms of the technology to where he suggested like Lawrence had told us? (Probably the part where Chris sent the lawyers) We also have not seen the OS with companion apps in action... so is this even a "smart" watch? Those are questions Chris Walker need to answer. P.S. I might considering releasing a few stupid apps I wrote using the current outdated SDK. Where's this new SDK you've promised us, CW? At least you have worked on that, right? Who the heck am I kidding? @Roma 2 days ago you stated "He has already felt the wrath of Creator via the lawyers." what happened with Lawrence? When you look at the video it obviously makes claims that are clearly untrue. Is the video company an accessory to the crime? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Srihari "I don't understand why its taking an enormous amount of time to figure out the pushers." Let me explain. His ego cannot believe that his plan has gone to a poo so large that it lone blocks the main sewer. Chris Walker also needs money. His NetDuino product isn't shifting units like it did. And it is crap only bought by virgins and the mentally ill. So he has a million bucks fast running out that needs spending before he admits the game is up. By doing it this way he has some defence when this goes legal. By taking some dividends for his time and "expertise" and buying stuff that can be used for his other business interests he thinks he can get away with what amounts to theft. As his face will find out soon he can't. @Roma I feel for you dude. I've lost $214 but I will hopefully getting my money back. Are you protected at all in Aus? The contempt Chris Walker has for HoH and his backers is staggering. The prep haired increasingly obese prat was to be put in a room with people that actually run decent businesses how long would he last before being ripped a new one? @Srihari: Can you please elaborate what Chris said back then? I don't understand why its taking an enormous amount of time to figure out the pushers. CW, when I met you back in Jun '13 at the fair, I thought you had it all sorted out. Why don't you provide a honest update this time on what's really going and not beat around the bush. Last Update over 6 weeks ago. Last Comment 3 months ago. Delivery due 1 year ago. Still haven't figured out how the buttons work the movement. Chris Walker, this is madness. Just madness. Please grace us with your presence and let us know WTF is going on. @Daniel. Actually HoH makes quartz watches (with movements that cost about $20). I would think the tech would be about the same. @Christopher because HoH makes mechanical watches... @chris jutting why wouldn't the pushers fall under the person who manufactures the case? Interfacing the watch case, with the internals, I would assume would be something that a watch maker would have knowledge of. @Roma, I asked Lawrence if it was ok to share the info before posting it. I don't want CW to send the lawyers at him again, since he is the only one giving us any info. I'm sure with all this spare time the apps and firmware are ready to go......(end sarcasm) Lumar, at least they were able to figure out how the buttons work. Looks familiar folks? This has been available for a few months for around $70... <url>"there isn't one part or screws that work, i can't pit this thing together. What's wrong with you people?" This user's account has been deleted. Can we all band together and get a lawyer? I'm sure some lawyer would be happy to go after Chris, HOH, and Kickstarter. One year anniversary... one year after I SHOULD have seen this device. I guess they are on a holiday break and don't want to give anyone an update!!! Why can't this mother fucker give us an update already?!? anyone know any texas laws against this kind of crap Knock, knock. Yancey: Entrez. Katherine: Mr Strickler, got a minute? Y: I'm too busy. Need to upgrade my Ferrari. The 458 Italia is so 5 minutes ago. K: All these backers keep complaing about the AGENT thing. Y: Tell 'em it's a secret, our lips are sealed haha. K: Boss, this one is serious. Y: Tell me about it. We only made 50 grand on it. K: They're complaining to the Attorney General now. Y: Shit. Better keep that one happy. OK, send the canned reply talking about "reaching out" a couple times. That shows the schmucks we care haha. K: Maybe we should call the creator or go see him? He's just round the corner. Y: Get real, woman! K: Sorry boss. Don't know what came over me. Y: Now you mention it ... K: Boss, that's disgusting! Y: No, not that! Just remembered I need to approve that Levitate Me project. Could be a record breaker. 20 mil makes 1 mil for me. K: Wanna go for a cruise boss! Y: Purrrr. "Thanks for contacting Kickstarter. Your request (#421181) has been updated. If you have further questions or comments, you can add a comment by replying to this email. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Dec 12 12:00 Hi Michael, Thanks for reaching out and taking the time to bring this to our attention. We do our best to give project creators the freedom and support necessary to bring their new and exciting ideas to life. This often means that when projects launch on Kickstarter theyre in the early stages of development. While we encourage creators to communicate regularly through this process, its important to remember that each of them will approach this differently. In most cases, this may be the first time that a creator has the responsibility of communicating with a large support community. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. Im happy to reach out to this creator and offer our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, well be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Best, Katherine" @Roma Sorry to hear that, and thanks for your answer. It's ironic that we'll only get a plastic watch (if any), but paid for the lawyers to shut up watch case designer who actually tried communicating with us. Doubt he paid those gentlemen in cookies (or Netduino boards). @Ben Baskaran That's the spirit. It's good that you care, and I hope more people would as well. @Alibek, fair question. I have been in occasional contact with Lawrence and the latest was a day or two before Chris Jutting reported in. Put it this way: Chris Jutting's comment could have been written by me. I am being obscure for Lawrence's sake. He has already felt the wrath of Creator via the lawyers. @Roma I remember you've had a conversation with Lawrence earlier this year. Having had best interest at heart, and willing to give CW face, you only said the former is top bloke (couldn't agree more). But what about the rest? If we want to help both Lawrence and ourselves, maybe it deserves being heard -- unless of course he wanted his story to remain unheard. Anybody else see that HOH has one watch listed on their site, and their showroom is now closed? I suspect HOH was an accomplice to this scam as well. Just filed my complaint with the NYAG. I realize my money is gone, but I refuse to let this scumbag off the hook for stealing from all of us. I'm sure the money has been spent, but if we don't take action, there will be another 6000 people that will get scammed out of a million dollars. I agree with Chris Jutting about HoH. Lawrence has done his utmost to move this project along and get info out to backers until Chris called in the lawyers. Don't turn the heat on HoH please. Given that the industrial design is not yet finalized, there is no updates on mass production and an assembly line is nowhere to be seen... what is the rough timeline for production and delivery??? I mean it will be "old tech" right on delivery, if not before that! where's the update? Not that I'm expecting some great news but I would love to see a sign of life... @Costanza, this isn't House of Horology's fault. They did their part, which was the watch case. Right now it is Chris Walker of secret labs who is holding this all up. Secretlabs for ard to netduino for me. Maybe Chris thinks if we can't find the site for his Scamwatch we will buy his silly little board before this project, I never heard of house of horology. after this project, I put them in the same failboat as secret labs. I feel like sending them an email on their site voicing my extreme displeasure. but really, this watch is DOA. 100% outdated once delivered. even if HoH decided to try and make things right with backers and give us each a free watch, I finally looked at their site, and I wouldn't want any of their shitty stuff either. Even if there aren't any funds for a refund I don't doubt Chris has peronally profited from this either in the way of equipment, trips to China and making contacts etc. I'm sure all of these will be useful in his real netduino business which we've all been sponsoring. And why can't Chris figure all this out of the mechanism during the months and months of delays with the light film guard??? Yeah, he just doesn't care about this project. The best way for CW to market this POS now is to refund those who want one. He's hurting his reputation by not delivering, not communicating, and not refunding concerned customers. How many of us here aside from Pete Brown would continue to do business with Chris Walker? I know I'm more likely to give netduino another go had I gotten my money back on this project. @simon, Lawrence did his job. What he is doing now is trying to push the watch to completion. He could have just up and left once he was done with the watch case. @Daniel makes a very good point about random pro Chris people giving a little tantalising post when people start talking about taking action. Petes single sentence doesn't address anything. Are we meant to be grateful that the Chris Walker will indulge us with an update? Get bent. Even Lawrence is annoying me these days. He isn't consistent at all. Drip feeding morsels but not really being in the game. Obviously I can understand Pete posting. This project reflects very badly on MIcrosoft. They have a small (relatively) developer community and are desperate to improve that and yet here is one of the high profile developers they have embraced and raised his profile in the meantime screwing his backers of a .Net project. Microsoft would be wise to avoid Chris Walker in the future. They don't want bad publicity like this thanks for the update on another problem the watch ran into - I really think its time for CW to throw in the towel. This is a JOKE! i should clarify, the problem is with the mechanism on the movement that the pushers hit, not the pushers themselves So word from Lawrence is that CW STILL hasn't figured out the pusher mechanism and refuses to hire someone to do it. He is trying to push it onto Lawrence who has no experience with smartwatch movements. Instead CW is discussing marketing and other irrelevant things. I wouldn't expect this watch to show up any time in 2015 based on this. I somewhat made that last post to lighten the mood, but I agree this one is done. secretlabssucks.com is available. Believe it or not here is a project that communicates even worse than CW the creator here has totally disappeared last log in October 27 when he said sorry for poor communication and promised to do better but got even worse. gStick: The Mouse You Hold Like a Pen, for PC's and Macs. <url>"update" I've backed 16 successfully funded projects (two of which also received over $1mm in funding). I've seen plenty of project delays but I've never seen worse communication. Nobody is asking for carefully crafted prose just meaningful straightforward information (i.e., what Lawerence was providing until he was shutdown). I don't know why I'm bothering to write this as Chris will probably not even log in for another week and by that time it will be buried. @ChrisWalker, you are aware you can simply insert the memory of the card of the digital camera into a(n) (micro)SD reader connected to your computer (unless of course your computer has a built-in memory card reader) to be able to add these files to an update right? I just figure it takes a while for these updates to make their way through because you're taking the pictures, taking the memory card to Staples and having them print them for you there to then go home, scan them and upload them to you computer to add to these "updates"... Why else would these "updates" takes so long to make their way to us? Then again, even doing it the way I described wouldn't delay the update as late as it already is... Is this just a another distraction technique? Every time we talk about taking action, someone other then Chris says something to give us hope and put us off taking action. I reckon this next update will be nothing different and leave us with more questions than answers. If Chris really cared he would have told us himself that he is preparing pictures. @Pete, he mentioned he was taking some photos? Forget the photos just tell us what the status is! What will this update tell us that the previous 24 didn't? I had the same happen, health excuses again. He posted an update saying he would be shipping soon then an hour later posted a update saying he gives up. I got another one that's a year late because of health issues. I spoke with Chris and he mentioned that they're taking photos for an update. I would expect to see something soon. Such a shame. I had such reasonable hopes for this project. Reasonable in the sense that I felt they were close to production after seeing the promo video and reading the expected timeline Agent was supposed to take. Reasonable in the sense that I knew/know what KS is for and that delays are also to be expected. The source of my gripe is the lack of communication! I was hoping for open dialog and updates on the process, especially after missing the December deadline. Yet, here we are. A year late and nothing to show for it. Last 'update': 31 OCT. Last log-in: 6 DEC. Pathetic. An official 'this is over, nothing to see here, move along' would be appreciated as it happened with another KS that I backed and went sideways. Won't get me a refund or a product, but at least gets me a ticket for the moving on bus, which at this point I don't have. No @Simon. That analogy would only work if you actually found out after a year that the cat was no cat at all but rather an Aye-aye from Madagascar wearing cat fur. Hey everyone - So here is the thing. AGENT is like a small kitten. At first it looks cute and appealing. But then it kills all the birds that come to the garden. Then it throws up on your sofa and for good measure takes a crap on your carpet. It grows up and isn't so loveable. In fact if it were a human partner you would likely seek counselling about being in an abusive relationship. It sheds hair so rapidly that if retrieved from everywhere you could have the finest coat known to humanity. It is really fussy over food and demands only a certain brand. Then it gets ill and costs you even more money to keep the thing going. To reward you it uses your leather bed frame as a scratching post. After a while you accept that your pet is actually Satan himself. On reflection you realise that all that joy and excitement when you first picked the kitten up has turned into an expensive mess leaving you bitter and resentful. Your only choice is to put it in a sack and beat it with sticks before throwing it in the river with a brick necklace and forgetting it ever existed. AGENT (and I apologise for repeating what I have been telling you for months) is dead. It didn't need clubbing to death or throwing in a river. It just needed Chris Walkers ego and utterly crap business skills. So here is the thing. I'm applying for a credit card charge back in the morning. I have all the evidence to support my claim and $214 will buy me a nice meal out or some opera tickets when I come to New York next year for my 23rd wedding anniversary. If Chris Walker has the balls to post an update I will dive back in or if I see something that amuses me I will post but I think this is the end of the road for this part. If I get time I will write a press release. If I can be bothered when I'm in New York I will pay Chris Walker a visit he won't forget in a hurry. (Don't worry Chris I won't hit you but you won't like my visit I promise). I have a few other things I can do if I was motivated enough but, sadly, I don't think I am. Chris Walker is a charlatan and deserves a miserable few years. 8 updates in an entire year most of which discuss the same tasks that have yet to be accomplished, which were presented as essentially accomplished when back... Chris Walker i dare you to do an actually and honest update telling the entire situation and the validity of the projects completion and functionality Hmmm - we can get really creative internet scams. - <url>#207. New York, NY 10014 and Chris Walker specifically with screen shots to what I believe were misrepresentations here on Kickstarter. At this point, the only way to make an impact might be his relationship with Microsoft for the Netduino. While I doubt it is an official one (the core parts of the MS tech used in Netduino are not highly restricted) it might be a lever. anti static and all! awesome Chris was seen in a New Jersey hardware store with paint swatches in his hands. I think we should expect an update soon on his super-duper production room in NYC. I'm excited. Curious as to why no one has joined his netduino community and started asking him agent questions on there. Maybe they are heavily modded and he doesn't let any of these through. @Christopher I'm sure it used to load to a agent smartwatch page not netduino. If it did its further proof that Chris is reusing Agent smart watch to boost netduino @Nathaniel you gimme the info and ill submit the papers. The SecretLabs site still loads fine for me as it always has. Just noticed that the secret labs website is gone: <url>"Over the next few weeks, the design team will be integrating spring leaf switches into the watch design. They will also be proposing and making any remaining necessary changes to meet water resistance goals, for physical fit and finish, etc. The watch case is our gating item prior to final integration and we are really looking forward to wrapping its design up and ordering revised samples." It has been much more than few weeks, aren't we due for an update? We would appreciate at least timely updates. @Ben what do you care? You have no skin in the game. Seems pledging and then crying foul I'm in the UK refund is your mo. I may have to go up to the NYC area on some personal business. I'd love to try to figure out what really has been accomplished. I feel pretty bad about those that have tried to help out only to look like fools in the end. I will say, I have been pretty negative on Chris for a long while and was floored by the support he received until recently. The lies were readily apparent in the fall of 2013. I don't think he set out to rob the backer the community, but neither was he truthful in the pitch. Outside of music albums, I am done with crowdfunding. @Daniel, yep - jilted! Roma is available xxx :) @Paul #NetduinoScrewed would probably hurt Chris Walker more. The more attention we can bring to his Netduino side of business the better, IMHO. Lots of talk lots of suggestions I would have thought someone based in the USA has more opportunity to do something about but it seems no one is interested in taking this further. Volunteers turn up to help CW and then nothing how about a volunteer to make CW pay for this? I say we all start tweeting #AgentScrewed or soemthing catchy that can bring attention to this and get this whole issue going Viral. @ Daniel, just came here to post this same thing. Sounds awfully familiar, huh? Hey guys, read this: <url>"Seems like we will be getting our watches at some point in time." You seriously think this? Based on what? Just to avoid doubt - 1) Father Christmas doesn't exist 2) The tooth Fairy is actually your mum 3) Chris Walker has spent your money Hope that helps Its clear Chris doesn't care anymore. Are we going on with spreading news of this project to multiple new sites, complaints to everyone possible, etc...? If this man is stealing our money with no explanation to whats going on we should do something about it and make sure he can't con anyone again. To the people who say Chris didn't do this on purpose, if he really didn't he can come on here and defend himself. Seems like we will be getting our watches at some point in time. Unfortunately, by that time I would be wearing a Microsoft Band or something of that sort. This startup has already lost the battle before it began production... Sucks to be you Chris... Another update free day.....go figure. I think if enough UK backers use section 75 to charge this back to Amazon they may take notice and ask kickstarter what is going on who in turn may talk to CW and try and get money back they would be losing @Tennyson if you watch the opening video you are led to believe the watch is more or less ready whenin reality they had not even sorted the watch straps I think one thing I've learned from this saga is that before investing - which seems obvious now- is to make sure the creator States exactly how far the prototype is from finished product. I think if I'd asked Chris this directly and had his response in writing id feel more empowered to push a swift resolution. Here's your 8 dollar Chinese smartwatch <url>"skills" PLUS based on him telling the truth early on about buying components early on. I could be totally wrong but until the coward and giant twxx Chris Walker makes an appearance who is to know? Meanwhile I'm planning a Kickstarter project myself. It is a wooden "bat" similar to those used by baseball players that has a homing beacon built in to the end and programmed to recognise Chris Walkers face - no matter how much weight he piles on - and be drawn to it at great velocity. Going to call it BatDuino (tm) and hope to ship 2 weeks ago. What do you think? @simon ... ok i'm not saying there's no money .... but even to refund each and every backer $10 = $55000 ... Do you think he has more than $100,000 left? I don't So what? $10-20 isn't much of a refund I think just think he's in this position of either being too stubborn to declare a total loss on the basis he's clearly got some stock / property out of this deal but neither does he have enough to complete @Ben: not unless we all get organized and do something about it. @Simon and @Roma have some great ideas, as do many others. And yes, you are right. Chris had revealed himself a while ago (while I still supported him, but failed to imagine things would go this far). @Paul. It's not that Chris doesn't care it's that he has raised his money bought himself stuff got a nice workshop and realised legally there is nothing none of you can do. Is this a perfect crime? Chris has time to post his response for his netduino project today. I guess he doesn't care for this project anymore. Really disappointed in this project. <url>"blackout" because they are making the final draft and showing it off at CES 2015 and they want to surprise people. They are predicting delivery in Feb/Mar 2015. And at last, juiceBee. They kept us in the loop for the most part. Right now, no one has an idea what is going on because they just canceled and refunded money to those who preordered from myshopify; so many backer want our refunds too. They typically post an update every month, and the next one isn't due for a few more days. Most of their updates were negative talking about the bad experiences of the manufacturing. This project were also barely funded, and I'm only down $39. So I'm sad, but not angry. I think they really did run into trouble, so I could see why. As for Agent, we hardly get any of our questions answered. Most of the updates had been quite a load of BS. No refunds was offered. This project is well over-funded from the original goal. And my $199 isn't chump change. The funding campaign was filled with lies; it's a total scam now knowing what we now know. And had Lawrence been allowed to comment here, I think I would have more patience. Yeah Claude you are probably right, it hasn't put me off other kickskickstarters. Backing Zano drone at the moment. Did not even bother to write an update in Nov. This is done, guys. We got screwed. Accept it. Moving on (but not on supporting other KS projects!). No You acting like an asshole @matt. Stop it. I wonder when another self important sucker is going to come out of the wood work claiming to be helping Chris, its happened a few times now and guess what NOTHING. Stop setting yourselves up , you are not helping out anyone least of all yourselves as you aint getting paid. ... of course I meant "oops" Ups... now it's getting really nasty... I just sent this message to Chris... Hey Chris Walker, Where are one of two things: my "smartwatch" or my money? If I have to come to NYC and punch you in the face for one of the two, I will. Be sure to let anyone and everyone know that I have promised to punch you in the face for stealing $199 from me and over $1 million from the masses, you fucking asshole. Give us our money back! Brandon Middleton @Gerry Sanchez I can't speak to where you should file a complaint. Why not file in both? Secret Labs LLC 174 W 4th St #207. New York and Chris Walker are who you want to name in your complaint. Secret Labs LLC is incorporated in Delaware but has a NY mailing address. Humming in the tone of skipping further investments in kickstarter projects. There also have been positive results like e.g. like accomplished resurrection of VR which I am truly proud of and was waiting for a quarter of a century with Oculus Rift and all the following projects here. But experiencing partly or in this case maybe full letdowns only fools pledge twice. For an European backer like me the bad Euro-Dollar ratio finally finishes it. California backer here - should I file a complaint with the CA attorney general or file it with the NY attorney general. Also if somebody could share all the information they have i.e: creators name and any other pertinent information I would sincerely appreciate it. Jose- Can you post the email you received? I just got a piss poor email from these guys and I'm pretty heated. I know I lost money in this and it's my fault for wanting something and getting irritated by this but this seller has to see that he's jeopardizing all the other campaigns here. I will no longer use kick starter because of these guys and they're crappy representation. It's ridiculous how they just made off with our money, I'm sure they're mortgage got paid and bills got laid with our hard earned dollars. It's actually kinda clever if you think about it, come up with a project, make a commercial and never come through with a result and you keep all the money, pretty brilliant but it sucks for everybody else. As for the email, these guys are a joke, they pretty much said that its my loss and they can't guarantee me a product, and to keep waiting for the next update.... I was fine with moving on a while ago but after that email I must admit, they're **** bags like everyone here says, but hey karma will get them and I'm sure the project will be done next year right, maybe after they figure out the new problem or figure out that they need new buttons or better stitching, there's always going to be something wrong with their updates so let's all just leave them alone and move on. What kind of person gets $1m of backers and then feeds them $hit for 18 months without ever mentioning an updated delivery date? I know I should put this down to a lesson learned rather than getting annoyed but I backed 2 of these plus delivery to Australia, so my losses are not insignificant. Last kickstarter that I support...., I'll wait until items are in full production and pay full price; it's disappointing because I like the idea of supporting great ideas but if I'm donating money it's going to be to people who really need it. @Martin, thanks for your contribution and attempts to help see this to completion. I wish you all the best and hope you come out strongly on the other side of the difficulties you're in. I still can't figure out why CW cannot figure out the buttons or the watch straps during the 10 month light film guide delay; especially the watch straps... Another argument that CW didn't make the best effort to deliver. @Simon... we will get an update.... but it will be about the same old thing... the straps (I never though this would be that difficult, hell send it without a strap, I'll find one myself), the case... but the in work? Nope... nothing on that front... It was the one thing Chris Walker had control over, nope, nothing... Oh well, January can't come fast enough... Fibit Surge combine to the Dash (check Bragi here) should make me happy... this project goes in the "lesson learned" category update from me: 1) Chris Walker hasn't replied to my latest email to him 2) Kickstarter sent a pretty stock reply that I challenged by return and they have responded. In summary no progress or action at all until I get to be face to face with Chris Walker. (not that close to his face as he appears to be packing on the weight) Will we even get an update? Nothing surprises me anymore about Chris Walker. @Martin Thanks for at least trying. I though Chris Walker had sent in the lawyers if you had started asking awkward questions - like "have you got enough money?" Your efforts are appreciated and I hope that whatever has befallen you is sorted out in due course and that you return to the real world soon. Be well Martin and sorry to see you leave these boards. Simon best of luck @Martin - we appreciate that you put in the effort. @Martin, I appreciate your efforts. Get well soon. Thanks Martin. I appreciate your effort and positive thinking. Disregard the anonymous jerks. @Martin If you're really gone, sad to see you go. But take care if your health, bruh. Hope you get well soon. Note the factory where this drone is being made, expected this sort of setup from agent. Not a smart watch but this is a lesson on how a kickstarter should be done. <url>"no good dead goes unpunished". I think most of you understood that I was trying to contribute to a floundering project. I don't owe anyone here any explanations or apologies, but I do wish I could have finished helping out. This project and it's completion or non-completion is the sole responsibility of the project creator. Best of luck to us all. I will not be returning to the board to comment further. @alibek I've had luck contacting Lawrence on facebook via his House of Horology page. Has anyone been in touch with Lawrence? How can we reach him? His company's name is on the project masthead, yet he is denied admin access. We the backers had requested photos. He delivered. Then CW 'asked' him to stop posting. He tried to engage with backers and answer our questions directly, while using his friend's account. Chris didn't like it. Lawrence went to HK, and was forced to prove he's there, as well as the fact that he did not cancel hotel booking. Very kind of Chris. He was open for dialogue. Chris wasn't. Now... when was last time we heard from Lawrence? And why. @Martin. Do not blame yourself. You didn't take our money, but work unpaid for the guy who did, while totally ignoring us. Take care. Update please. Looks like we may never get another update , even the patsy's have gone quiet. 6 month delay because Martin got the pusher design wrong. Next update- 1. Fit validation for cases, still no molds ordered 2. Pusher samples ordered, 2 month lead time, tolerance not within specs. 3. New watch strap samples ordered, need to adjust tolerance 4. Due to incompetence from the voices in my head which I refer to as my "team" we have run out of funds, thanks for your support. what will the next update bring? will there be another update? how bout we just refund all the money pledged and we can buy a smartwatch that exists @Dan Berry 6:34 timestamp Interviewer: "How many people work for Secret Labs?" Chris Walker "We don't disclose that" Some fun historical listening to a podcast with Chris Walker from August 22, 2013 at <url>"supportcallnow". Saying my iOS 7 (I use 8) had crashed. It persisted til I force closed. Hmmmm.... my video didn't seem to work... Fixed now: <url>#.VH5SkPnIb95 The full complaint is at <url>"Post-funding Issues The creator is not communicating and the project status is unclear." Reported through the app in the end under false claims. oh also cannot report this project to kickstarter anymore just redirects me to the login page and then back to the project page. What a farse! Would a charge back be successful now? I thought there is a 120 day delay? Just watched the video again. I noted one frame where a button push performs a function (1:04) Also note that Chris Walker talking about Secret Labs as a plural "we", which is always funny if not slightly alarming. @Nathaniel. Well done Just a little follow-up. I've filed a complaint with the NY Attorney General today. I utilized the Internet Bureau complaint form and filed against Secret Labs LLC 174 W 4th St #207. New York, NY 10014 and Chris Walker specifically with screen shots to what I believe were misrepresentations here on Kickstarter. If anything comes from it I'll let everyone know. There's no reason why C.W. shouldn't have said anything in the last month. Totally unacceptable; not a single word. A lot have chalked it up as fraud and C.w. won't say something to show otherwise. *****Tumbleweed***** Come on Chris. Man up. How about you Martin? Or has Chris sent the lawyers letter to you as well? i am so disappointed in this project - i would like to remove my name as a backer - i request a refund - the project was funded on June 2013 - you had no problem taking all our money. 1 1/2 years later - we still are not getting regular updates - Chris seems disconnected from the project - apparently there was a some girl posting that turned out to be Lawrence - this is a mess - i have no faith in this project - or the creator, Prove me wrong and send out an update with a full time line - also i would like a detailed list of how the money has been spent. So where is the update , where is Chris , where is Lawrence , where is Martin and where is the Agent smart watch? can i get my money back please. Careful Pekka, Martyn will ask you to kiss his big shiny .... @Simon, thanks for manually scraping. @Roma, @Christopher Burnett, etc, thanks for the hist-orical (-erical) reprints. Maybe someone in NY could mug ChrisW each day, steal his lunch money, and send it to a backer. @Costanza: As per Martin Calsyn (November 3):" I had intended to post an update here with details, but Chris would like to post that through the update page and as the project manager, that's a reasonable request. He has committed to do weekly updates based on the information Lawrence and I provide him, so you should see something in the next week. I will be on a conf call with Chris and Lawrence twice per week on Tue and Thurs; with Lawrence daily; and will provide weekly or twice-weekly status updates to Chris which I expect to see reflected in Chris' new weekly updates." Not so surprisingly there has not been weekly updates as promised. Whether Martin and Lawrence has provided Chris updates or not, it should not be an excuse not to write at least something about the progress since the team is taking the final steps getting the watch into production. But then again, this is something I was expecting. Empty promises one after another. As today is December 1, shouldn't we have gotten an update yesterday? Maybe it will be a photo of the table he spent the last month buying and putting in just the right place in the 'factory'! @Steven - not applied for it yet but if not heard anything after Xmas I'll start heading down this route. Hi guys, I hate to say it, but.. Refund Please. Refund Please. @Steven Jones multiple people here have reported that they had successfully gotten a chargeback in the UK system Anyone successful with a section 75 on their credit card in the UK? Too Bad for this, Over years still said R&D, not have any production... how the 1 million use for? I am unhappy to got their backer... @Matt: Well this is what's left after: "I don't care about watch straps or "factories". " Nothing to report! Update? I'm getting a Moto 360 for Christmas! Woot! @Simon, thanks for your response! I am all for backing folks on KS, I would even be fine if he didn't make it....but with the lack of communication (I have emailed with 0 response) this is ridiculous!! 1 million dollars...what gives!!! aaaargh, so mad!! Yeah i'll be doing a charge back when the fun stops :) I am curiosity if there are any other unhappy backers in New Hampshire... Maybe filling a small claims suit against Chris Walker will get our money back. @Marcus In summary - no one knows for sure but my hunch is that Chris Walker hasn't got enough money left to deliver the rewards and if he has the reward will be as useful in your life as a 1976 copy of the Guinness book of World Records. As for getting your money back. If you live in the UK then we have consumer rights and your credit card company should refund you (what I plan to do when I stop having fun). If you live in a one of the colonies (JOKE) then based on my basic understanding of the law there you're screwed. Hope that helps Unless you live in the Uk I don't think you have much chance of getting your money back. After reading the comments for 20 minutes, can someone update me to what is really going on? How can I get my money back??? @Simon Thanks for the clarification. I didn't realize that he worked at MS; must not have read any mentions of that aspect of his life. I still wish that there were a rating system for people (e.g. this project) who took our money and never delivered. It would be great to know that person X should NEVER be trusted with money to do a project here or anywhere else. The reports I've read have been great comedy to friends who have done LOTS of manufacturing overseas (I mean, come on... you make a change on one specification and somehow expect the fab people to change another spec to fit YOUR change... laughable if it weren't my money). Creator Secret Labs + House of Horology on June 18, 2013 "@Fadi Kahhaleh -- from Chris -- LOL, awesome. That would be fun indeed. Too late to coordinate something like that for tonight, but I love the idea. If backers would like to do a Google Hangout with us sometime we could do that! Plus we will have an online chat system on the new AGENT developer forums--so we can all chat online anytime." Times sure have changed. No posts on AGENT developer forums since April 2014. Several posts on Netduino forums in Nov 2014 and last login there today. Where's Wally? Dear Chris Walker With your next weekly update expected on Monday can I ask you to cut the rubbish and deal with facts? I don't care about watch straps or "factories". All your update needs to do is outline the current financial position and projected finances for the remainder of this project along with money spent thus far. That is it. Easy eh? Just level with people. It will be much better than this ongoing joke. Thanks (This will also be emailed to him and DM'd) @Simon Brown re NY AG and bankruptcy - I'm sorry but personally I feel after all the bull right from the start which implied working models I don't think bankruptcy is unfair call it karma, fate, kismet but he's kept his head down, ignored his backers and ploughed on doing his own thing. When things started to fall apart a year ago he should have held up his hands and at least offered do a partial refund to those who wanted it. He's ignored the backers all along, refused to answer questions, doesn't even stick to his own deadlines on updates. I'm sure the guy is a wreck stressed, probably depressed but until he owns up and starts working towards a solution it's only going to get worse. I think we have another KREYOS lemon/ flop. This watch is now way behind the competition and technology. I'm going to see if my AMEX will refund this. Ridiculously ludicrous. No working prototype since the very beginning. And relying on China to make and bake an idea from scratch never works. China is the benefactor here, not Chris W. Here is some drones <url>"flag" design and the "flower" design! We have hired a consultant and hope to have this figured out by the next update next year. Soon after that, we will purchase stamps and begin the long process of licking each stamp. Your Agent should arrive 6 to 8 months after that! Thank you for being a backer! ...end sarcasm! :) @Tommy Stuart, what makes him an MS Drone is that he works for MS, and he defends Chris Walker. I don't agree with that sentiment, but I believe that is what they are referring to. @Daniel Chang Ohhhh. What makes him an MS drone, though? Thanks for the clarification, btw. Microsoft is making a drone? Where do I sign up? @Tommy Stuart Pretty sure @Simon is referring to @Pete Brown @Simon Sorry if I'm making a jump here, but I hope I'm not the MS drone that you wrote about. That is assuming that "MS" means Microsoft here; I own a Windows Phone and said as much, so you might see why I'm making the connection. When I posted, I was not trying to defend Chris in anyway (outside of the late-March post I mentioned). If I'm not the MS drone, then I'm curious: Who are you talking about? @Simon, wonderful scraper. Those brave watchstrap rods (with the pesky off-centre hex head problems) will feel left out but they'll get over it. "Estimated Timeline May-June 2013: Kickstarter campaign June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode October 2013 - FCC, CE, and Qi certification November 2013 - parts arrive, pilot production begins December 2013 - volume production begins" The only thing completed is the Kickstarter campaign...... The first date should have been May 31, 2103 May 31, 2014 "A bit later this year, we will send you a request to select your watchstrap material, length and accent-stitching color. We will provide an online "measuring tape" which you can print and use to determine which watchstrap size is perfect for you!" July 31, 2013 "We have been spending a lot of time indoors, busy getting the AGENT smartwatch ready for our backers' wrists. We have enjoyed every minute of it." October 13, 2013 "Next month we will be focused on starting sample production, moving into Qi and FCC testing, and gearing up for production." November 2, 2013 "The next step in our road to production is to pull all of the components together and make sure everything functions properly as a whole in the finished product. Once we know everything behaves and fits within spec, we can finalize the case molds and start the Qi/FCC certification processes. Once we pass those tests, we can immediately begin production." January 13, 2014 "Over the next few weeks, we will be working with our supplier to finalize the backlights. Once the backlights are in hand and meet specification, it takes an estimated 30 days to finalize the watch case and build samplesand then roughly 30 days for Qi and FCC/IC/CE certification. Once we have passed those tests, we can push the smartwatch into production." April 30, 2014 "Over the next week, we will be working daily with both the backlight and watch case team to make sure that all engineers are satisfied with the precision and fit of the final backlight and watch case components. We will be ordering CNC-milled samples of the watch cases, double-checking the fit and beta-testing the assembly process. And then we will be ordering molds so we can make actual sample watch cases in preparation for production." May 31, 2014 "Over the next two weeks, our watch case manufacturer will be creating fit-validation samples of the completed watch case. We will be making CNC samples of the bezel which they will be sealing between the lens and inner watch case core. Once the samples arrive, we will be using precision calipers to validate measurements and we will be conducting water pressure tests on the seals." July 15, 2014 "We also identified a few more issues with the pushers: Along with the outer "shaft" diameter, the inner "button" diameter is also incorrect. The pushers stick out too far from the case, inconsistent with both the prototypes and Bedlam watches. The inner rod of the pusher (which pushes the smart movement's buttons inside the case) is inconsistent between the five pushers. On at least four of the pushers, the inner rod of the pusher (which pushes the smart movement's buttons inside the case) does not extend far enough into the case to reliably activate the inner buttons. Once pushed, the pushers seem to require the proper low amount of pressure to push; however the first time they are pushed (and after some time at rest) the pressure required to push them is far too high. We have not received official pound force or push repetition specifications for the pushers yet, so we cannot yet test their pressure and reliability specs." August 25, 2014 "The watch case design team is wrapping up the fit-validation fixes so we can move forward to either new fit-validation samples (if the re-milled cases still need work) or to production molds. They are also working through a few potential tweaks to the smart movement mounting and mechanical interconnect mechanism to ensure a good push-feel and long-term reliability. And they are working on getting us specs, dimensional data, material data sheets, reliability test data, estimated timelines and similar things which are necessary to get the watch case for the AGENT Smartwatch into production." September 30, 2014 "We are significantly behind our estimated schedule in regards to completing the watch case. As such, we will continue to be super-focused on getting the watch case done this month. Once that is completed, we will move forward to final integration and production." @Simon. :-) @Simon , good write up :) @Christopher Meler Previously on AGENTgate - Chris Walker gets $1m promising loads Chris Walker refuses to give his partner HoH admin access to KS Chris Walker stops meaningful communication Watch straps are a BIG problem The backlight takes 6 mths to get right The watch straps continue to be a BIG problem @Roma does his best to move things along We get a project manager that lives a million miles from the action Watch straps now as perplexing as neutrinos Chris Walker tries to bypass Lawrence of HoH Chris Walker sends lawyers into see Lawrence Chris Walker posts that he doesn't have enough money to fulfill rewards Lawrence regretting the day Chris Walker walked into his shop stops updating the backers A "factory" and other stuff is bought @Martin steps in and offers help Chris Walker discovers that buttons on a watch need some form of contact device - oft found in $10 casio watches @Martin promises Chris Walker will start updates @Martin is **** slapped by Chris Walker and humiliated when Chris carries on as usual Some MS drone pops up to defend Chris Walker, his ego and his prep school hairstyle The watch straps are the most complex issue facing mankind Chris Walker still hasn't delivered Hope that helps Has anyone written a scraper to reduce this mountain of comments into a condensed version? Might be useful on some other KS projects, too @ Joseph Lee +1 @Pete Brown Have you touched with your own hands the proof of funds to complete the project and deliver rewards to backers? Regarding: >Finally, there are 5685 backers of this project. I wouldn't say a "large portion" of backers are calling this a scam or are involved in the AG complaint. There are a few people here who are carrying the majority of the conversation and are steering opinions. There are enough folks speaking on here for me and others that I don't feel a need to waste time wading through this comment section regularly and repeating what is already written. So, what is the delivery date of the rewards? It's +1yr so far. do we allow to start a kick starter campaign for "Raise fund to take legal action against Secret Lab : Chris" ? No matter how well written statements are and how well articulated the arguments does any body really believe Chris is going to react? Are you expecting a response like oh I am so sorry let me out this right. It is not going to happen. Your only recourse is some form of legal action against him There are 5,685 of us and 1 Chris who has $1,00,000 (One million $ of our money) which he got in less than 30 days ..which we gave in trust.. No point hammering him since he isn't responding.. What are our options ? @Tommy Stuart Very well written statement +1 Hey, everyone. I haven't posted here since late March 2014, but I thought I'd chime in real quick. I have just messaged @Creator, but from the sounds of everyone else, I doubt I'll receive a response. For the information of my fellow backers, here are the contents of that message: Chris, Lawrence, Secret Labs, and House of Horology, I know you must be receiving a lot of messages every day, but I am hoping you'll take the time to read this one. I backed AGENT based on the promise that it would work with Windows Phone 8. I was incredibly excited, and as soon as I found the funds to back your project, I logged into Kickstarter and promptly gave you $199. As I am not made of money, two hundred dollars constitutes a fairly big purchase for me. What you presented in your KS project video appeared to be a working prototype (perhaps multiple working prototypes), which was enough to convince me that AGENT was worth my hard-earned money. Using that video, and the information provided in the initial posting, I was to understand that you were almost completely finished with the product; from the sounds of it, Lawrence and HoH were also under the same impression. When December 2013 and January 2014 came and went, I assured myself that I had still backed the right horse, but it was impossible to tell at that point because Iand the rest of the backershave never come close to receiving the biweekly updates that had been promised. Now we are almost upon December 2014, one whole year after backers were supposed to begin receiving rewards. As it stands, I am about to purchase a Microsoft Band, because that is currently the only real option available to WP8 users that want a smartwatch-type device. Needless to say, I am disappointed. Disappointed in this project. Disappointed in Kickstarter. And, at this point, disappointed that I backed it in the first place. I am not an idiot. I knew that I was not purchasing an already existing product when I gave you that $199. I knew that I was essentially investing in something that might not fulfil all of its promises, like the delivery timeline. And when people started getting antsy when February and March 2014 rolled around, I actually posted to defend you and the project. But recent months have been tough as far as remaining optimistic about AGENT. I am not requesting a refund, as I know that would be unproductive from the looks of this projects comments section, in addition to everything else that I have read. What I am requesting is more transparency and more frequent updates. Should things progress and continue as they have thus far, I may be finding myself backing a different type of project: legal action. I very much doubt that you scammed your backers, but from everything that I have digested regarding Kickstarters terms and your project, you are breaching the terms of service. I am not sure how applicable KSs TOS are to your project since AGENT was backed in June 2013, and the updated terms are from September 2014, but it appears that I am not the only one to be thinking about legal action. Please consider my request, and reform your current path. Thank you for your time, and I will be looking forward to hearing from you, Tommy Stuart @Roma any update from the NYAG? @FrankyB Kickstarter took 5% of the project, and the Amazon took 3-5% depending on credit card type. So even if kickstarter cancels the project at this point, Kickstarter at best could only give us our 5% back. For me, that's $9.95. @miguel, I did that... no answer from Kickstarter... I guess they went to the same communication school as Chris Walker @ FrankyB send the list of backer that want a refund plus your letter to ks!! Here's a tweet I made... feel free to copy paste @kickstarter I will not back any other projet until you clean your house, starting with @agentwatches @Simon, I complained more then once and to this date, I did not receive reply back from Kickstarter... I backed 2 projects, the other is doing great so far. But the experience with Agent and Chris Walker made sure I will not back any other project. This is the ultimate tool we all have... stop backing projects until Kickstater clean their house. @martin - get out now. Seriously. In the time you have been involved as a helper you have somehow been place in a position of taking the heat for Chri's unwillingness and inability to communicate with us. You are being used as a shield. You are being used as a distraction. YOU.ARE.BEING.USED. Just walk away from it. Walk away from this crap storm before more of it splashes on you. @Martin, mostly dead is slightly alive! Thanks for attempting to help and I hope you find some time to get back into the project. Worst case scenario is you can't and have less work :) Just sent this to Chris: Hi Chris As you're aware many many backers are very unhappy with your total lack of meaningful engagement. Further to your post in the forum of 9th September 2014 you appeared to show that you didn't have enough money needed to fulfil rewards and service them. As many backers are now considering legal action against you I would ask for a full and accurate financial statement along with a statement that as of today (26.11.14) you have the funding available to fulfil all rewards as described and support these during a warranty period. Your prompt response would be appreciated Simon Can I suggest as many of you lurkers and contributors as possible complain to KS and also lodge a complaint with NY AG? Here is what I have just sent KS and I will DM Chris Walker as well just so that when he ignores me we can add that to any potential legal case: Hi I understand that Kickstarter is not duty bound, due to its terms and conditions, to force creators to update backers. However Chris Walker of the AGENT project may be in breach of your terms of service. On 9th September Chris Walker wrote a comment in the main forum with financial information. In my reply it became clear that if his figures are correct he doesn't have enough money to fulfil rewards. Since that time and despite repeated requests he has failed to present a financial statement or give evidence that he has enough funding to fulfil all the rewards. As you will also be aware the longer the time a project goes overdue the more money gets spent. If he had a contingency fund this must be severely eroded by now. In addition his rare updates have shown that he is spending money from the project on items that could also be used for his regular NetDuino business. This is in addition to other costs backers know about such as project managers and lawyers (as their was a dispute between HoH and Chris Walker) If he cannot fulfil rewards then this spending is totally unacceptable and breaches your own terms of service. The last update demonstrated that they were learning about watch design from a $10 watch that has been on the market for 30 years. This doesn't inspire confidence and would point to either total incompetence or methods of delaying the inevitable . We have very little to go on as this project is significantly overdue. Since funding was successful Chris Walker has failed to engage in a meaningful way with his backers. He is breaking the ethos of Kickstarter as well as potentially being in breach of the limited terms of service. Can you please let me know what steps you're willing to take to address this issue. Kind regards Simon @Martin - I'm glad that you're well and if you're in Madrid then I am very jealous - it is one of my favourite european cities if not for the Mercado de San Miguel alone. So back to AGENT (sorry - prefer discussing travel tbh) Hate to say it but Matt has hit the nail on the head. Why have you created yourself as an obsticle/excuse for something that should be happening anyway? Why are you making it easy for Chris Walker to make excuses? And why will no one with contact with Chris Walker address the elephant in the room. It staggers me that anyone is willing to help a project that may actually be dead due to funding issues? Chris Walker could be open to legal action if sufficient funding isn't in place. That should be your first question. Everything else is noise. We need a financial statement asap. @Pete Brown: Given that you know Chris and have worked with him for years, but also feel that maybe he doesn't understand the tone of the comments in here (or is even naive or unaware), have you taken any steps to rectify that? Have you had a chat or sent him a "Hey, just an FYI" email? What was his response? I have reached out to chris and demanded a refund. No response. This is beyond unacceptable what has been going on. they collected over 1 million dollars of peoples money. I sent a message to kickstarter and here is what they said. Melissa (Kickstarter) Nov 25 18:14 Hi there, Thank you for following up with us about the status of the Agent watch project. Im sorry to hear that the creator has not done a better job of communicating. We've reached out to them with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, in addition to having forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated you and other backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete their project as promised. Kickstarter's Terms of Use outline the responsibilities of backers and creators. This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider that option only in cases where they believe that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. If you believe legal action is appropriate here, please talk to an attorney about how to proceed. Kickstarter takes the privacy of our users very seriously, so we don't provide a creator's information directly to backers. As Kickstarter does not have any information about your rewards or refunds, you will need to reach out to the project creator to work this out with them directly. I can see they've responded to your messages in the past. So I hope they will be responsive this time around. Best, Melissa So apparently martin has become a real important part of the project now, so much so that Chris cant post an update with out his approval. Does nobody wonder, why whenever discussions get too heated here, always somebody volunteers for Chris Walker to cool things down? Team BANDAR, HoH Refunds per discount vouchers, Lawrence HoH, Martin ... @Joshua. Totally agree Chris could have said something but he didn't, which is normal behaviour for him Apperantly they have to allow you to cancel. <url>"we've run into a delay, please be patient". That it has to fall to you, an unpaid volunteer, is the problem I have overall with this project. I don't expect an answer from you: this isn't your question in the first place. I'm merely venting, and this latest is a good illustration of my reason for needing to do so. Welcome back, Martin. Hope all is getting better with you. And take your time, cause we already waited this long; so no rush, bruh! I was only mostly dead - not entirely so. Sorry for dropping off the face of the earth. I had to tend to some urgent business with my wife in Madrid (we are working through an immigration process) and I was injured during that trip. I am fine and am working with Lawrence and Chris. The updates that I planned to help Chris with have not come mostly because I was unavailable to Lawrence and Chris during this last two weeks and really not doing anything else while I was dealing with my personal issues. Again, I ask that you please understand that I am offering unpaid volunteer assistance to the project as a backer. I share a lot of your frustration with the timeline, but my goal is to do something constructive to get the best possible outcome for everyone. Unfortunately, sometimes life happens too. What a joke, now reading that the agent will cost 250$ when released and now I have a Lg Watch R that is so much better for the price, first difference it's real :) @Roma - haha. Very good. Just stumbled about this one: "simvalley 1.5"-Smartwatch AW-420" It's quite a similar design. Maybe Chris can make a deal to finally buy some straps and cases from them... ;-) @Simon, some possible defences: 1) Correlational? 2) Relational? 3) Irrational? 4) Sensational? 5) Creational? 6) Situational? 7) Aspirational? @Ovsep - I'm having too much fun :) Pete - What do you think to these statements: 1) "Before starting this Kickstarter campaign, we created the electrical circuitry and core software for the AGENT smartwatch. That is the riskiest part of the project, and we felt that we needed to take that risk ourselves." Could this have been true when it was clear that during "backlightgate" core components to the circuitry had not indeed been finalised? 2) "We have excellent relationships with these component suppliers and are coordinating closely with them to ensure that parts arrive on time." In fact the relationships were with HoH not with SL/Chris Walker. HoH wasn't even made a partner on the project but were put on the masthead. As we know Chris decided to move component suppliers. We have had many instances where it was clear that Chris Walker wasn't even talking to HoH let alone the chinese suppliers. It even got to the point that Chris Walker sent someone behind HoH back to look at alternatives. 3) Chris Walker wanted to raise $100K. However when discussing costs thus far in September he said that FCC certification was an estimated $70K. Firstly this statement seemed far off but if true then his whole funding model was wrong from day one. 4) In similar vein to 3 he also revealed that engineers are very expensive - and he quoted $100K for one. If the funding was for $100K how was he ever likely to fulfil rewards 5) In September he posted some costs thus far and projected costs. Add these up and even on 5500 units the guy was not going to be able to fulfill rewards. If you cut his production cost estimate (that he said was low and I think is high) but then factor in all the other costs he seems to be adding to the project the figures still don't add up. So was he lying in his post of September or lying during funding? Or is he possibly the most incompetent business owner in history? 6) "AGENT features an accent-stitched watch strap. Available in six accent colors (orange, black, green, red, blue and white), these standard 22mm watch straps can be swapped without specialized tools." Do I even need to spell it out? 7) The way the pitch was written and the video strongly suggested that the watch was much more developed than it clearly was. The pusher - clearly shown working to switch is a classic example. The way that instead of saying " Agent will do xyz" it says " Agent does xyz". It was clear that it didn't. In fact from where I sit it seems that Chris merely though that NetDuino could be put in a watch case with a few off the shelf components and he would be home dry. I don't think he is an idiot but if he went into the project like that (and his dealings with Lawrence would indicate it) he is extremely arrogant. So those are some facts for you. @ovsep +1 These are Chris Walkers obligations via the terms of service: When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, theyve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, theyre helping to create something new  not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and theres a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, theyve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe thats communicated to backers; theyre able to demonstrate that theyve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; theyve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If theyre unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. Guys, you will all live a much happier life if you just chalk this up to a bad investment and write it off. At this rate, you will be lucky if this thing come out the same time Apple releases their 3rd gen applewatch. Like most of you, I have lost complete faith in both hoh and creator a long time ago. So don't hold your breath this holiday season like you did last. Pete - I have now read your other responses. I don't agree with everything Daniel has said about Chris /agent etc. The facts are that Chris has broken a number of terms of the KS agreement. I can post these later when I get home. Also as I said below some of your facts are no such thing - merely hypotheticals. You also criticise people for things you yourself are doing. If that stops then your comments are valued here and I hope you stick around. @pete - don't flatter yourself. I simply googled your name to check you were indeed at MS and that you work in a related area to Chris. It's called getting the facts. It took me 30 seconds. Obviously if I used bing it would take much longer. I note you didn't address the substance .... @Pete, you've said/hinted at two things with which I agree, but I will say it more emphatically. Chris's communication has been scant, obtuse, patronising and arrogant and his management of this project has been just shithouse. I, for one, appreciate your comments. @Pete so what you're accusing us of now is not reading the project description or watching that video. You also found absolutely nothing misleading from those. And because many other projects (mostly way lower funded ones) also have long delays, it's okay for the estimate delivery date to be even more way off here. And everyone who doesn't agree with you have are irrational and not using logic looking at evidence. And because not all 5000 backers speak out means that most people don't feel scammed by CW. Nevermind the part that you totally misquoted me about having majority or something and also totally misquoted about why the prototype is a lie. Did I get you right? No one is doubting that there were prototypes. The problem with the video is that the prototype in the video could not possibly have functioned as demonstrated. We have requested CW to properly demonstrate the HW, and unsurprisingly we were ignored with months of talks about the watch straps and how he just now figured out the buttons... Do you honestly believe that the prototype in the video worked exactly as demonstrated? I think by your own words that CW was making a pitch and trying to sell a vision and that's all that video was, but I would argue that the video was a demonstration of the prototype because kickstarter rules say that project creators should not fake demonstrations. This would would mean that CW still had violated Kickstarter rules to make the pitch. In the project details, CW talked about how the prototype is a single core, Bluetooth classic, etc, and that the production version will be dual core with Bluetooth LE, etc. Well, we obviously have not seen even a demo of the new one working, not even a fake one. A long time ago CW talked about where he wants the SDK to be, well, we also got no update on that either. So you're assuming that everything works with the new HW, but you have no evidence to back this up. However, I also believe that the HW most likely does work. My issue is in the companion apps, and especially the one for WP as we 3rd party cannot publish a companion app with background syncing thanks to certain Microsoft rules. Without companion apps, this is not a smart watch. The timeframe and the risk and challenges sections on the project is also very misleading. The timeframe suggests that they were very close to being finished on the final design, and that the risks and challenges also suggest that they didn't have much to do. In reality, the display didn't work, the buttons didn't work, and that something is wrong with using the standard 22mm watch straps... A year a half into the funding of this project, we're STILL on what is described to us as what should have occurred after the 1st three months of funding. BTW, Lawrence says that there is no way that the certification step could possibly take just one month; so we're also mislead by CW on that. Back in September, using Lawrence's information, while also assuming that everything is smooth sailing from then on, I estimated the new time of delivery is April 2015 best case scenario. The estimation assume that the design part is done in December, 2 to 3 months for certifications with all passing (from Lawrence), 1-2 months for production and another for shipping. Right now, assuming that's still true, the original timeframe states that it'll take 6 months to delivery. If the estimation still hold up, how is 6 still reasonable especially with the project so much over the funding goal? I call this ridiculously misleading. Where this differs a lot of the other kickstarter fails is that those didn't get over a million when they only asked for $100K. What would have happened if this only got $100? It would probably drive me insane to continue to think about what hypothetically would have happened... Also, stupid analogy time, because there are many murders that happen in city, if CW mass-murders a bunch of people, it's to be expected and an rightful excuse for his behavior because you know him as a nice guy. Excusing this unreasonably late project when it got funded with way more money than originally asked because they are other much smaller failed projects just doesn't make much sense. Also, on the battery life, what's really speculation is what CW could do with his advanced power management tech. Looking at current available hardware with similar specs, the battery life of 7 and 30 days is highly doubtful if not completely impossible. I suppose CW could make it work by getting us a battery with bigger capacity, but CW claims to have already bought the batteries when the project was first funded; so I don't expect the battery to change. The backlight is guaranteed to use up more battery than with the fabled light film guide. So with the product not meeting the promised specs, this is typical grounds for a refund as we're not getting the product promised to us. Which brings us back to Team Consumer Protection or not, and why we need NY's AG, and this is within our rights to do so. The original agreement say that whatever gift promised to us at our pledge level must be delivered without being unreasonably late or we backers could seek legal action. Sounds like a sales agreement to me and Washington's AG. I did file a complaint to my state's AG (TN) in September. (I thought we're suppose to only file in our own state; why would another state's AG fight for my rights?). But, being in TN, I don't think it's the best state to file for consumer protection; and I wish I'm so wrong on that. But no response yet. @Pete, if what you're trying to do is to get us to gather our facts straight by playing devil's advocate, I have to thank you. I don't know that I would call this a scam but the kickstarter campaign was misleading. The timeline indicated that the money was going to be used to order parts and assemble the watches. It turns out that you are still bogged down in the design stage. At this point there is no way you can keep up with technological improvements so the watch will be outdated regardless of when you release it. I call on Chris to add a HeartRate sensor to the Agent. Heck we are delayed so bad right now, and things are not yet finalized with the watch casing, it won't be too much more to get that in there. (are the PCBs manufactured already?) I originally wrote the following: "Oh... by the way, "The world's smartest watch", now officially falls in the false advertisement category, Agent has been surpassed by the new android wearables, MS band and the soon to come (if ever) Apple Watch." then it hit me, I am mistaken, Agent is indeed the world's smartest Watch, think of ANY watch out there, Agent is smarter than it indeed, I wish they had written: "World's smartest smartwatch" then we'd have something.. but what do I know :) I said I wasn't going to comment any more, but I will. >>Sorry I thought NY AG operated within a democratic country with a well established judicial system. Has something changed since I last visited?<< Please read up on all the police problems we've had in the US. Law Enforcement, if called in to deal with something, has an extremely high level of pressure to find something wrong. That's how a mother got her kids taken away and was investigated by Child Protective Services (found nothing wrong) simply because she let her school-age kids play in a neighborhood play area that she can see from her window. Nosy neighbor called the police on her, and the police felt compelled to act because of that complaint. Otherwise, it looks bad on their reports. Similarly, attorneys general need to run for office, show progress, etc. Not sure if it's the case in NYC (no idea if elected or appointed) and have non-legal pressures as well. But those are all somewhat exceptional cases. I brought that up because of the ridiculous "if you have nothing to hide, you should have no problem with an investigation" comment. Investigations like that bankrupt individuals and companies with legal fees, regardless of outcome. I see that as entirely non-constructive. >> wasn't motivated to contact them myself until Pete got involved, but now I'm keen to help however I can.<< Nice redirection and attempt to shut down any dissenters. It's a great tactic to refocus the discussion on an individual rather than dealing with facts. Don't blame me. If you're motivated, fine. If not, fine. I simply brought some comments and information, and photos of things someone earlier called lies. But hey, don't let facts get in the way. @Daniel yes, we do disagree in a big way. I'm going by what was actually shown and said in that video and on the kickstarter campaign page. You said the prototypes were a lie, I showed you photos of the very prototypes shown in the video, and explained how people have already used the SDK, and how the underlying operating system works in relation to any apps. All that was disregarded. Note also that in the other cases (like Washington) the kickstarter project creator had gone dark for a year and noted no progress. I backed another project like that (again, luckily low dollar). That's very different from one which provides updates and has an intent to deliver. Again, this project is way behind, but is in line with many other Kickstarter projects. Being rational is weighing all evidence, and not jumping into conspiracy theories, or assuming evil without proof. So yes, I do question the rationality of some comments and actions here. Finally, there are 5685 backers of this project. I wouldn't say a "large portion" of backers are calling this a scam or are involved in the AG complaint. There are a few people here who are carrying the majority of the conversation and are steering opinions. There are also a few who are attempting to help. But if that small group of backers feel that the AG is the most constructive route here, so be it. And now, yes, I'm done, because this is an irritating conversation. Never try to appeal to rational thought or evidence when addressing an internet lynch mob. The mob decides that any one who disagrees is part of the conspiracy and must also be attacked, regardless of merit. @Pete Brown. Sorry I thought NY AG operated within a democratic country with a well established judicial system. Has something changed since I last visited? Making complaints to the NY AG would merely be people exercising rights afforded to them. If the NY AG chose to investigate the matter there would be a body of information for them to consider before deciding to investigate. I believe the body of information (or lack thereof which is directly attributable to CW/SL) would be sufficient for NY AG to make a preliminary decision on whether further investigation is warranted. Sounds a lot like how the police operate when information about matters within their jurisdiction is given to them. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt that your completely misguided police analogy was merely made brashly without thinking, rather than you having spent time constructing it given it is in no way representative of what the actual system is (or what I've said on the matter). Can someone please verify if people from outside NY and outside USA are able to make complaints to NY AG about this? I wasn't motivated to contact them myself until Pete got involved, but now I'm keen to help however I can. I work in an insurance/law capacity in Australia so could definitely add something to the equation here. I personally hope that a number of well formed complaints, containing an accurate and unbiased outline of the project status and progress to date will be sufficient to compel action. Let's do this. @Pete No one here was questioning anyone else's rationality until you came around... We're all stating our own opinions, and a large number of us do believe that the project pitch is purposely deceiving and misleading and warrants reporting to the state. Evidently we're all just irrational people who should be institutionalized. Second, whether or not this is or isn't a pre-ordered product isn't for you or I to decide. Legally and ethically your words and mine mean nothing. I'm obviously in Team Consumer Protection, and you're obviously not. We're calling this project a scam because we firmly believe that CW misled us into backing this project. And we're admitting that we're too stupid to see through CW's deceptions. Also, I think we're getting into a circular argument. If you simply don't believe that the pitch was misleading but rather a case of any regular advertisement that deserves a level of skepticism, well, we'll just have to agree to disagree. There's just no way we'll get anywhere. Like what is Brawndo? >>@Pete I think I understand now. The need to protect "one of your own" is strong...<< Again with the personal side. If you don't want to take any of the information I've provided as helpful, then fine. Chris is not "one of (my) own". I'm on the side of facts, and rational thought, and not making decisions out of frustration or anger. Simon can probably help you find references to support that if you need them. :) And, again, the delay on this project is not out of line with other Kickstarter projects. That doesn't make it ok, but it also doesn't make it an exception. >> If you saying that the whole purpose of the video is meant to deceive and we're just too stupid to know, well, okay, you right!!! Isn't that why we're calling it a scam?<< It's a pitch video. Look at every other pitch video here on KS. It's selling a vision, and end-goal. It's not selling a current state. I thought that was *really* obvious. >>Consumer protection laws say that a pre-ordered product shouldn't be unreasonably delayed. << Ahh. You see, this isn't a pre-ordered product. That's not what Kickstarter is. But, I know (from having read just about every comment here over the duration of this project) that that topic was beat to death earlier. I figured everyone understood that. Legally and ethically, we are not "consumers" here. We are backers. >>One thing that makes our case (or would-be case) stand out is that we're one of the highest funded scams.<< Ok. I guess if you're going to keep calling this a "scam" then you're not considering anything I said. So be it. I've spent about all the energy I have to spend on commenting here. For some, it seems like attacking the project has become an obsession, and they dedicate lots of time to that. I have other things to do. I thought for sure I'd be able to find some rational folks here. I'll check in again in the future, like I usually do, but I'll keep my comments to myself. @Pete I think I understand now. The need to protect "one of your own" is strong... The whole video suggest that the buttons are working. We know that's absolutely not true. I'm also pretty sure the prototype rule has been around since early if not the beginning of Kickstarter. If you saying that the whole purpose of the video is meant to deceive and we're just too stupid to know, well, okay, you right!!! Isn't that why we're calling it a scam? Consumer protection laws say that a pre-ordered product shouldn't be unreasonably delayed. And at this point in time, it's pretty unreasonable. So unless you're also arguing that we have no consumer rights, saying that the court will just toss the suit out is pretty unreasonable. Heck, we're also not getting the same product that was originally pitched to us. So if we do qualify for consumer protection, then I'm pretty sure the law would be on our side. The question is whether or not we do. How's the case in Washington going? I'm guessing we'll probably hear the result from that case before getting our watches delivered... I got a good feeling that the state will win that court case. One thing that makes our case (or would-be case) stand out is that we're one of the highest funded scams. So if the NY AG does come to our aid, I would expect the case to move along quicker. >>Re: Prototypes. See <url>"Don't use photorealistic renderings. Technical drawings, CAD models, and sketches are awesome and encouraged, but photorealistic renderings that someone might mistake for a finished product are prohibited.<< That rule was introduced after this project was started, as a result of some other projects. It's a good rule to have, though. But the stuff you see in the photos here are not renderings. Like I said, I touched the stuff with my own hands. Those are prototypes. >>I'm sorry, but we'll just have to agree to disagree on whether the video is misleading. I simply cannot understand why you refuse to believe that it is.<< The video part with everyone running is clearly pitch material. After that, Chris and Lawrence talk about prototypes being used for everything you saw and that tooling, cases, bands, etc. need to be done and then moved into production. This is all the stuff we've seen being worked through in the updates. It's just taking them MUCH longer than they anticipated. I even linked to the photos I took at Build 2013, showing the same type of stuff you see in that video. What seems to be confusing is you maybe thought the video showed final stuff. Clearly that wasn't the case. The ONLY things at issue here are: 1. This is taking much longer than estimated (again, not unusual for kickstarter) 2. Updates are not what the backers want (not unusual, but not excusable either). There is no fraud, criminal behavior, or anything else like that going on here that I can see. If this were a court case, it'd be thrown out without being heard. There's instead a lot of supposition and guessing on the part of some backers, and that is being used as evidence for more guesses. >>I hope whatever Chris is paying you to come here and blindly plead his case is coming out of SL funds and not AGENT's bankroll. If that's not the case then take your blinkers off and have a proper look around.<< No, I don't get paid to do this and I resent the accusation that I am. I'm simply offering my observations on this. Like I said, take it or leave it. But don't assume that just because we disagree and that I don't see things the way you do, you're right and I'm a shill. That's a BS debating tactic designed to discredit people without actually looking at the evidence and dealing with that directly. >>If the NY AG were to investigate CW & AGENT then he'd have nothing to worry about if he hasn't done anything wrong.<< Ahh, that's wonderful reasoning. I'll send the police to your house to investigate you. If you've done nothing wrong, you have nothing to fear. Yeah. I think we see in the news how that works out. The amount of anger I see from some people here is entirely out of skew with what has happened and what is at stake. Anyway, do what you will. I personally think it's misdirected and misinformed, and I find the attacks on character juvenile. I tried to offer some reason to the debate here, but I see the mob has already picked up the pitchforks and torches and has headed out. @Pete I'm sorry, but we'll just have to agree to disagree on whether the video is misleading. I simply cannot understand why you refuse to believe that it is. @Pete Brown. Re: Prototypes. See <url>"Don't use photorealistic renderings. Technical drawings, CAD models, and sketches are awesome and encouraged, but photorealistic renderings that someone might mistake for a finished product are prohibited." Pretty sure that's exactly what happened in the video. If the watches on those people's wrists had any graphics or pretend functionality superimposed on them then that's a clear breach here. The watches presented as working units that responded to button presses by the user. That's certainly misleading given that he had every opportunity to identify them as the non-functioning prototypes that they were - for example, with the text "design prototype only - not yet functional" at the bottom of each shot in the video featuring such a device. I hope whatever Chris is paying you to come here and blindly plead his case is coming out of SL funds and not AGENT's bankroll. If that's not the case then take your blinkers off and have a proper look around. Re: everything else. If the NY AG were to investigate CW & AGENT then he'd have nothing to worry about if he hasn't done anything wrong. >>Did CW misled us to back this campaign? The answer is yes. The functioning prototype in the video was obviously fake<< So I just watched the intro video again. Chris mentions several prototypes. You can see a few as those large boards in the video, one which appears to be a Netduino Mini in a watch case etc. You can also see photos of those further down on the page. "To perfect the Agent smart watch we built several prototypes incorporating the latest technologies to achieve our key design goals. We used those prototypes to create the apps you saw earlier in this video. Now we need your help to build production circuit boards and watch case molds, to get the necessary certifications, and to move the Agent smart watch on to the assembly line." None of that is misleading. I think many made assumptions that simply weren't part of the campaign information up-front. It's also a pitch video -- an ad. You need to use the same level of skepticism you would with any ad. So, I have no idea if the watches were photoshopped or had the prototype hardware running in them, but I know there were prototypes that worked (see links at end here). I can also tell you the OS (.NET Micro Framework) will run on that hardware -- it's a supported port that is not all that different from what's on the Netduino. I think what you are really asking for is the apps/shell for navigation etc. plus the companion apps. That's all quite simple to do, and we've already seen apps themselves running in the emulator (which is the x86 port of NETMF -- the OS running on another platform.) That said, I know from the updates that they've made some changes to the hardware. My guess/assumption is, that would require recompiling the NETMF port to take advantage of those changes, assuming he has underlying drivers that require updating. Where does that fit into the schedule? If I were to design my own hardware product, it would be after the hardware is 100% complete. It would be nice to see a timeline with milestones, even if no dates (I think we're all skeptical of any dates at this point), that shows dependencies like that, and approximate durations of effort. There were lots of things I saw during this project that kept changing the case dimensions inside or outside. Differences in backlights and screens, support posts, etc. Those all changed watch case design, which almost certainly had ripple changes down to the PCB. Also agreed the spring switch thing is silly. That's something I'd have expected HoH to bring to the table here because Chris was clear that he's not a watch case/hw designer, but an electronics guy. Until Chris provides details (assuming he will at some point) battery life is speculation. Nothing is "proven". It's also not "proven" he's a crook, made off with money, etc. But yes, this project is absolutely late (but not a real outlier compared to other Kickstarter hardware projects) and communication is not what it needs to be, or what it was said it was going to be. >>So forgive me if a MS wonk asks me to believe in X.<< Simon, not sure if you're trying to impress me with your research into my interests and hobbies, but you clearly spent a lot of time with your research. Not sure how you missed out on the part where I tend to go by evidence, and not just tow the party line, but hey, thanks for spending so much time learning about me. Perhaps we can have a beer some day and you can tell me more about me. :) >> Bernie Madoff wasn't a crook or conman until he was caught.<< No, he was a crook, just not known as one. There's a Schrodinger's cat thing there. I'm telling you that Chris is not a crook, in practice, or legally. I guess my point is that I can see how this is all developing without Chris actually doing anything ethically or legally wrong. But, due to the lack of communication, there's an echo chamber in here where folks are making assumptions, then using those assumptions as evidence to make other assumptions. This project is crazy late, but other than that, most of what I read here is simply not true. Here are some photos from Build 2013. I just uploaded these. My camera at the time was pretty crappy in low-light, so I didn't bother uploading in the past. Secret Labs table with watch prototypes (some in case, some as dev boards) <url>"prototype" was fake and that CW was no where near as ready as he said he was. The estimated delivery date was also no where near the actual date of delivery. @Pete "I hate to see people go so far off the deep end rather than deal with facts/evidence, and look at it all with a clear head." You base your opinion based on being someone who has worked with Chris in the past and who currently works with Microsoft around .Net and WinRT frameworks. You ask for facts and yet you're relying only on gut and experience with Chris of the past.Perhaps things are simpler in Maryland but just because you worked with Chris doesn't make him a good guy. As I have said I don't think Chris went out of his way to defraud. He got carried away with his own ego and then got over his head in my opinion. Money does strange things to people. With respect to your role at MS I have been in many meetings with MS in the past where they said that X would happen and in fact Y happened and they knew Y would happen and that X would be canned like a broken Commodore 64 disk drive. MS is a marketing company that does engineering. So forgive me if a MS wonk asks me to believe in X. Chris Walker is a good engineer. This is a fact. However the evidence is that he is a dreadful project manager and it is likely that he hasn't enough money to fulfil the rewards in any meaningful way. He is also well aware of what people think of him on here. He logs in. He has listened to mine and many others voice mails. He has read our emails and our comments on his NetDuino forum. He has been active. So don't kid yourself. It makes you look foolish and I know you're not. If you can reach out to him (an you share similar interests although I doubt he has a model railway) then please do. Tell him that he won't escape if he continues to screw his backers over by not giving clear and honest information. Ever. Cheers and have a great evening @Pete, At the very least, Chris has demonstrated appalling project management skills. As said previously, how can he possibly be in the situation where 9 months after his estimated delivery date for 2,000 watches, he has no idea about how the watch pushers will operate the smart movement? Such an obvious and basic thing not resolved in a smartwatch at this stage of the project. Consequently, more changes to the case design and more delays. Hopefully Decembers update will have something more meaningful in it, but i doubt it somehow. All Chris has to do is post a photo or video of the Agent OS working then that would be enough for many of us to get back on board with this project , but he seems unable to do that. @Ben I assume from your very first comment, you didn't actually read what I wrote. I know Chris. He's not a con artist. I don't think the lynch mobs here are in-line with what has happened to date, IMO. I mention the other ones because the reactions are quite different beyond the inevitable "I'd like a refund" bit. I get that folks are angry (I'm disappointed, but not angry, presumably because I know this isn't a con), but assuming this is a con/scam/whatever is making a classic mistake of assuming some conspiracy instead of the simplest answer: he's working on it. It's late. In any case, I have no more skin in the game here than anyone else (I'm a December backer), but I hate to see people go so far off the deep end rather than deal with facts/evidence, and look at it all with a clear head. And yes, Chris needs to provide meaningful answers in the updates. @Pete Brown. So because other projects are also late that excuses Chris? He is fully aware of what he is doing when others try and provide meaningful updates they soon get stopped by Chris. His video was a complete confidence trick. Trying to say he is naive is complete rubbish. Backers here are building a head of steam to take meaningful action against Chris and hopefully paves the way to more honesty and transparency. You have here some one who has conned a $1,000,000 out of honest people it is now time for him to face the music. Not excusing current circumstances, but hear me out here. First, I wanted to point out this is far from the only project in this state. Here are some I'm still waiting on. The C.24 Music Keyboard for iPad was funded on August 8, 2013. Expected ship date was November 2013 (a month earlier than Agent) They are still running into QC and other basic issues as they try to ship. Only a percentage have shipped. Apple has made thinner iPads each year, making this product nowhere near as useful at this date (iPad Air and Air 2 have been released since funding). There's the same request for refund tone we have here, but I don't see folks trying to lodge business complaints, lawsuits, or similar. Backers: 1253 Comments 228 Total updates over the duration: 27 Fireflies - stop motion children's film. Funded June 8, 2012 Reward due date September 2012 168 Backers, 18 Updates, 16 comments This is a movie that is taking multiple years longer than they expected. There's progress being made on it, but the updates are very few and far between. It's not a piece of technology, though. Zim ZeePro printer. Funded October 23, 2013 Due in March 2014 Started shipping a few just now, but also already taking retail orders on NewEgg. Great updates, though: 61 updates, 344 backers, 957 comments. Overall tone is positive, I think mostly because they've provided so many detailed updates. Pledges here were typically around $1000 after the add-ons. So it was 5-7x as expensive per pledge, and about 3/4 as late as AGENT so far. Of course, that's not counting projects I've backed where nothing ever materialized. (Luckily, those were low-pledge projects). In any case, although I've known Chris and have done business with him for years, I do not speak for him in any way, I know Chris isn't trying to, intending to, or likely to screw anyone here. He also didn't run off with the money -- that's 180 degrees opposite of something he'd do. But at the same time, I doubt he understands (or perhaps he is unaware of or even naive about) the general tone in the comments page here. I saw a few pages back that someone was working with Chris on the calls. Did that go anywhere? Has the tone and list of requests been communicated? He's not a bad guy, a bad engineer, a bad project manager (although in the case of AGENT, it's hard for me to defend that comment, but it's absolutely true on other projects), a bad businessman, a thief, a scam artist, or worse. The ad hominem here is probably fun for folks who want to vent, but seems uncalled-for. I have no idea why Chris hasn't come out here and cleared things up, but he has always been an extremely transparent person in the past. At the same time, I wouldn't make the assumption that information you receive outside of official updates is valid. That's just good kickstarter/business common sense I've picked up from interactions with other companies and projects in the past. Back when I worked as a consultant, I remember having to shut down a subcontractor who was not doing anything they were contracted to, and who were communicating out-of-band with the client, blaming my team. It was a miserable experience. I have no idea what's going on here, but it smells eerily the same to me. Disclosure: I work for Microsoft, but post here in a personal capacity. I don't have any inner knowledge of this watch development, but have worked with Chris on our NETMF and IoT offerings, and have done a lot of personal stuff on Netduino. Can someone put together a sample entry for the NY AG complaint form to make sure we are all putting the same information into the boxes? I think that will help the NY AG office keep them all together. I posted this a while back. In addition to the NY AG office... Want to file a complaint against a NYC based businesses? Just go to <url>"File a Complaint" on the right hand side. NYC consumer laws are actually more consumer friendly than business friendly. And they are genuinely interested in businesses that misrepresent themselves, their products, or their intentions. I can't speak for anyone outside the USA, but within the USA there is general reciprocity that would allow NYC law to apply to your transaction. What do you have to lose be filing a complaint if you are unhappy? @Roma I'm in as well. This is ridiculous. II would like to be consistent with other backer's filing complaints to have the maximum impact. I was planning on filing with internet bureau as opposed to the consumer fraud unit? @Nick, you betcha! We each have to file a complaint individually. Let's see what happens. @Simon, you might be right or it might seem contrived if multiple complaints use the same terminology. I don't know. I'm filing mine individually. Do whatever you think's best. Count me in @Roma. Enough is enough! @Daniel, more hoarse than horse. I was wrong, you were right, and I apologise for any offence my comments caused anyone. I'm over it. At the very least, Chris has proven that he was not competent to run this project even with $1 million of our money upfront. What did it for me was 9 months after he was supposed to deliver 2000 watches he didn't know how the pushers were going to connect with the movement. That is farcical. So, back to the drawing board - literally. Whether we are consumers or not, the NY Attorney General's office says they will intervene in disputes and that's where I'm going with this. I invite everyone else to do the same. Welcome to the team, @Roma. I didn't start out against CW either; I was merely hating on you for being an overly-optimistic CW-fanboy, who wrote condescending messages to anyone who expressed their disappointments. I was also suggesting that we do legally have a case as long as we qualify as consumers. I only turned on CW only when Lawrence started posting, and CW and Lawrence could sue each other for all that I care, and I actually wish that they do... (Sorry, Lawrence, but you're our greatest hope.) Back to you, @Roma, did you learn something that we didn't? Cause, frankly, I'm surprised that you did turn. IS THIS A TROJAN HORSE?!? @Roma Just reading the terms of service and Chris Walker is clearly in breach, meaning in theory that he is liable for legal action against him. Wouldn't it be better if we had a document outlining the breaches and our complaint and then having a blitz on the NYAG? @Roma Count me in. We have to make sure though, that all complaints are framed within legal bounds and represent the case factually accurate. Rome - glad to see that you finally came around! I will file a complaint as well, however I think that including HoH will help. firstly, if he is really a victim then the AG office will figure that out. second, when the mans business is threatened he will be more inclined to lend help to the AG office. It's unfortunate that he must be involved, but he chose to do so himself from day 1. This is an absolute disappointment. I think CW should deliver, but I have no idea what use I even have for this thing now. Having switched to android and a Moto 360, this think is a dated experiment. This is just venting. I know I am adding nothing new. However, I do think this performance should be a career damaging experience for Chris Walker. Whether he was in over his head or not, the lack of communication coupled with the initial pitch makes him come across as nothing more than a con artist. @thob, I got the exact same message today in response to a refund request of October 3rd. I responded that if there is a waiting list why not refund me and sell the watch to someone on the list. Maybe they will resend the same message in June 2015. @Lloyd, do your homework and read my promise. You remind me why I don't come to this place often. Standard reply Just got this via direct message "Thank you very much for your e-mail. Kickstarter is a place for like-minded individuals to come together, pooling our resources and making awesome creative projects possible. Since Kickstarter is not a store, there are no orders (or order cancellations/returns, refunds for returns, etc.) such as those you'd experience in a traditional sales environment. Like a telethon, our creative project offered backers the option to receive a reward. Those rewards included backer-only project updates and AGENT Smartwatches (the product we are creating with your support here on Kickstarter). The road to production has schedule risks as discussed on the project page; we tried to avoid many of those risks--but a few of the challenges have slowed us down. We're pushing to get past the last few milestones now on the road to production, and then we can start shipments to backers who chose one of the optional physical rewards. We'll keep you apprised of the project status as we push forward towards production. In the meantime, we understand that life circumstances change and that some backers may no longer desire to receive the optional reward they selected. We're here for you. In the case of physical rewards: if you would like us to help facilitate the sale of your reward once it's off the production line, we will be happy to help. We have a large, growing list of reservations for AGENT watches. We can't express enough how much your help means to us, to see AGENT become a reality. Please stay tuned as we get physical rewards ready for shipment; we have a few cool surprises in store yet as well. Thank you as always for your support, AGENT Smartwatch Team" Roma - I agree and count me in. I think we have enough evidence to have a valid case for kickstarter to intervene I want my money back @Roma - Didn't you make a bet a few months back about how these watches would be delivered this year? You going to go through with what you promised? Additionally, didn't you end up buying 4 other pledges? Those guys lucked out, didn't they? If anything, my money bought me some laughs at your expense. I called this a failure and scam almost a year ago. Guess it just takes some of us longer to figure things out? But now that we are on the same page, I'll support any effort to put this scam artist aka Chris Walker behind bars, fined, humiliated or all if the above! I have reached the limit of my tolerance for Chris behaviour. With a little help from a friend I have found out that the New York Attorney General has a program for intervening in disputes. So I plan to lodge a complaint. If you wish to do the same, you can start here: <url>s management. I feel that HoH is as much a victim here as we are and that complaints about them would be misdirected and unfair. Anyone up for it? I realize my last post, as well as others on here, are on the conspiracy theory bandwagon. Sadly, with the extreme lack of cogent communication from anyone with any knowledge of this project, that's all we're left with. @Simon that is actually quite compelling. If you look at the original KS page, it gave the impression of not only a fully functional watch, but watch straps (such controversy already), as well as many other parts of the watch were depicted as done, complete, just in need of funds for mass production. The fact that these items are still under some sort of heavy development, yea, the money obviously isn't going there. Where could it be going? his Netduino business does provide a compelling option. @Soulhuntre I too wonder if there are any tax liabilities or other fiduciary no-no's that exist for using the KS funding for another purpose. I have not read the KS ToS for creators regarding funding. Do we know what kind of money KS funds are? Obviously this isn't a 501c3 or anything like that, but does the IRS classify KS or crowdfunded money somehow now? @simon - Agreed. I think Chris has absolutely co-mingled the KS funds with his normal Netduino company. What I wonder is if there is any avenue there that might be worth pursuing. For instance, is there a tax problem with that? The tax code brought down Capone, after all. Just a thought. On a side note, as I type this I got a notification on my Microsoft Band, and I have to say it is 1000% more useful than the Agent was ever going to be. While it lacks the ability to run deeply independent applications (it is more of a notification extension for a smartphone) in practical terms is kicks ass. Something others who got tired of waiting might look into. @Matt - I don't think he has legged it with the money. I think he is now spending money on stuff he can use for his Netduino business. If he can continue this project then he is free to spend our money. The "management" fee's, travel costs etc etc can continue to be drawn down. KS is his piggy bank as long as Kickstarter and the backers here don't take efforts to close him down. The fact that Martin and Lawrence are playing a part in the farce is a real pity because I believe they have the best of motives. I guess if we had enough people complaining to KS, highlighting that Chris Walker admitted in September (in around about way) that he didn't have enough money then we may be able to stop him furnishing Secret Labs and his pocket with our money. But I doubt it. Long post alert  @Michael He doesn't need to be out of money. The problem will be he hasn't got enough money. Look at his post where he detailed what had been spent thus far and the estimated production cost. This was from September 9th: For those of you who like numbers, here is a recent budget update for the physical rewards. We already purchased a lot of these parts last year in anticipation of November 2013 production (including lots of extras of some components). This is a level of pricing detail that is usually very confidential--but we wanted to share it in the spirit of Kickstarter. We do have agreements in place which prohibit us from sharing costs of specific parts. If we have any supply analysts amongst us who want to drill down they will probably enjoy estimating the breakdown. :) AGENT Smartwatch (AGENT001): $118.34 each NOTE: the design team is currently working on pricing; current estimates put this quite a bit higher. This amount is with aggressive volume discounts. Custom Qi travel chargers: $25.57 each Shipping: $15.00-$20.00 each (averaged between international and domestic USPS shipments; may end up being higher based on packaging volume) And another interesting number... Estimated certification costs: $75,000 These numbers do not include any of the watch case or other mold fees, engineering or management costs, etc. So lets look at these figures based on 6000 units (you cant order exact quantities and you need some for spares/support/promo: QI Charger - $153k Shipping - $100K Certificate - $75K (I dont believe this figure btw) HoH costs to Sept $60K Design Team $to Sept 40K So before anything has been built were up to $428K. So lets throw in a figure for the watch. Chris said this was $118 which in my mind is high but he claimed was low. Lets say we get that to $90 to include materials and shipping to the factory. So thats $540K Now on top of that we have the project manager who lived no where near new york and seemed to be as useful as a krispy crme outlet at the local weight watchers. He would be charging a fair chunk. Then Chris himself would be taking some money as the mastermind behind it all. Then we have the new factory/room/garage and the cost to fit that. Then the cabinet. Then the lawyers he sent after Lawrence. Etc etc etc. He hasnt even mentioned packaging costs. Lets say that all that was only $50K (which it wont be) the total to get this out the door before contingency is $1,018,000 Ooops. This is based on calling him a liar and taking $28 off the production cost and it totally ignores all the costs that mount due to delays and the other stuff he will have gone through. The guy hasnt enough money to fulfill the rewards and ADMITTED IT in September. The ONLY way he can get these rewards out is if dips into his own pocket, gets other investors in OR if his figures are a total crock. What do you think? @Matt welcome onboard. Like you, I used to be enthusiastic about AGENT for months past deadline. Sooner or later though, one must call a spade a spade. @Simon You have some supporters here. Will stay tuned to your updates, as well as those from @Joshua and @DigitalPH. Are you sure that Chris Walker and Martin is not the same person? I know I have been fairly positive about this project but I now have the feeling that SL/HOH may have legged it with our money. You were right Simon :) I doubt we will hear anything from Lawrence , he has obviously been paid for the work on the case so has no reason to complain about Chris. We won't hear from Martin either as he is in Chris's pocket now. @Simon. Surely 4 is one way to make Chris suffer in some way @Simon. Surely 4 is one way to make Chris suffer in some way Maybe he's started his holiday vacation early. With a million dollars of free money, he can go to many places. In fact, if he had bought a million dollars worth of Tesla stock when he received the funding, he would have more than doubled that money... That's just how long ago it was, y'all. This kickstarter is pathetic. Now I don't even get an answer from Lawrence on FB any more. Did CW sic his lawyers on everyone again? *tumble weed* 10 possible reasons Chris Walker hasn't provided an update: 1) Alien Abduction 2) Can't find his way out of the new factory 3) Has had a freak accident involving a watch strap machine 4) On the run as he is about to discover the IRS are going to investigate him 5) Martin has turned into Dexter and chosen his first victim 6) Can't stop staring at the KS project finances and wondering where it all went wrong 7) Getting his prep boy hairstyle done "just so" 8) Too busy responding to posts on his crappy NetDuino forum 9) Talking about himself in the third person to anyone who will listen - mainly **** 10) Delaying the inevitable Can I transfer my pledge to this? Seems more useful at this point. <url>#t=57 @Martin Calsyn will we be getting an update from you this week? @Michael don't forget he bought paint for his basement. @Simon Chris Walker cant be out of money, as there is close to nothing existent than some pics from Lawrence; from a business trip Lawrence paid most likely on his own. The only real spendings I see are for the fraudulent campaign video and some non functional mockup cases from Hong Kong/Lawrence.... The interests Chris Walker earned with the 1 Mio $ did easily cover that. @Martin Calsyn So now what? Chris has stuck two fingers up at you just as he did Lawrence. The only difference is Lawrence has at least been paid something. In the meantime we go back to the fundamental question - Has Chris Walker got enough money to fulfil rewards to the specification given? After he posted his "costs" excluding what he has been creaming off it was clear that he was either running out of money or he was lying. Which is it? Martin - I take my hat off to you for trying to engage constructively, being moderate on the board and also for giving your time free of charge to try and get this omnishambles towards some point of closure. However I urge you to think carefully, just as I urged Lawrence. Chris Walker is of a type. Please don't invest too much. No agent on the bbc program fake britain , it was about people ripping off charity fund raising on kickstarter and other crowd funding websites, not techy stuff. @Ben Baskaran. Sorry to say. I looked it up on the Internet. But it is blocked for the Netherlands. Thank you for telling me. @simon, make sure that when writing anything for wikipedia it is factual, uses non-emotive and unbiased language, and is referenced, otherwise it might get moderated and/or removed entirely. i think without linking to a news source or other form of article about the kickstarter campaign you might have a hard time finding references for everything that's gone wrong. i think referencing the comments section and the comments therein (although effectively from HoH) is out, but his updates would still be indisputable evidence of the repeated delays, unclear present timeline for fulfilment, lack of answers to backers questions on progress, and lack of communication on the outstanding key areas of development. @ Chris Walker & Martin, I love your weekly updates ... Just an update - I haven't forgotten the article and will get this drafted as soon as I can. I'm just flat out at the moment with more important stuff. I have also thought of another way Chris Walker / Secret Labs can be enshrined in notoriety so expect a Wikipedia entry soon that will state the facts. As for the comments about Martin - he has tried so give him a break. I think Chrs Walker has demonstrated his utter contempt for him by not providing the promised weekly update but then that is for Martin to sort. At least he has tried to engage and hey he has managed to confirm that Chris Walker is currently in human form with the ability to speak. So on the bright side we're not up against a lizard alien being - just a really bad project manager who has next to no ability to communicate effectively. Trying to goad or mock Martin is not going to help anyone. Leave him be. I think he is polishing his shiny ..... I think you meant "where is this fabled Martin"? So where's this fabled update then Martin? @W.laging haven't seen it myself but it was in BBC1 and it was in a program called fake britain @Ben Baskaran. Good Morning Ben. Do you have te Program name and time. Was it BBC or else. Or better do you have the url from that program? Apparently there was a programme on UK TV last night that talked about crowd funding projects that were Just scams I missed it will watch it on catch up TV, but wonder if Agent was featured. @Roma, why don't those trackers work as advertisied? ...I know nothing about that technology but it sounds like a good idea! @Alibek. No! Don't waste anymore time obsessing over this. It isn't worth it. ...by Chris Walker. Anyone interested in helping @Simon, @Joshua, @DigitalPH and others find revealing quotes from CW? There is lots of evidence to support their claims, mostly buried down this thread. Constructive action must be taken, unless we collectively endorse the attitude, lack of transparency and yes, CENSORSHIP (for Lawrence). While we're waiting, let's share info about new Kickstarters making ridiculous claims. Here's one <url>"conman's bank account." Tumbleweed @spaztastic & @David Murphy: Could you upload some pictures/videos of the watches in action? Please pardon my skepticism... Still waiting in Berlin.. Mine arrived too! A few unexpected changes though.. It's round. It runs Android Wear. I had to pay another 200 to Motorola before delivery. Other than that I'm very happy to actually have my smart watch on my wrist rather that just my money sitting in a conman's bank account. Had a nice surprise on my door today. Was supposed to be delivered in Dec 2013 but finally showed up. Took that long for people to figure out how to make plastic pieces that magnetically connect end to end. Based on that, I don't expect to see this until at least Q1 2016. As far as pasties, amazon will overnight them! Swype will be the end of me one day @Matt I was hoping that @Matt knew about a secret feature of AGENT - its ability to be turned into a delish pasty. Shame :(n Haha , i meant patsy , bloody swype on my phone. @Matt who's being a pastie? Did you have a point @Matt? Whoops....you know what I meant. Don't be a pasty. @Martin You're wrong. The fault isn't yours at all. It is Chris Walkers. For sure you have yet more drawings but frankly the case and board (and lets not forget the watch straps) aren't the primary issue here. @Roma and I have been asking the same questions now for months. A reply their has not been. If Chris Walker really took you or anyone else seriously he would have the courage to answer the questions raised. He could give an update on the movement and/or more importantly the thing that makes a watch SMART. Don't allow Chris, however charming he is being to you, to allow you to be the next patsy. Chris Walker has NO excuses not to give us updates. None. Email to Scott as promised: Scott You presented a couple of days back at MSFT connect and name checked Chris Walker who owns/is Secret Labs. It's great that MS has such an enthusiastic developer community however I just wanted to highlight a project that Chris Walker started on Kickstarter that is causing a great deal of anger among backers to the point where some are openly saying they feel defrauded. The project was for AGENT the "Worlds Smartest Watch" and run on Kickstarter. The project is a year past delivery date. As a developer I'm sure you appreciate that projects run late and that would be acceptable to many. The problem is that Chris Walker despite being a million bucks up on the deal just doesn't engage constructively or in my view professionally. Updates have been very poor and we have had no information on the "smart" bit of the watch since launch. This despite many reaching out to him. I hope you don't mind me mentioning this. The developer communities need to be inspired and motivated and you seem to be doing a great job doing that. Chris Walker and the way he has conducted himself in a questionable manner isn't someone who I believe should warrant being held as any form of role model or even be name checked. I think you backed Chris's project but if you want to read what people are saying it is all here: <url>"near complete" design. Just take a look here <url>#home2 Chris Walker is the Adam Sandler of the IT world. He wanted to be Intersteller but instead is Bit Torrented, Cam version of a Tugg Speedman film. Ding ding ding that's time up. Where's the update? Based on Chris Walker's record, I guess this is a fact. How can anybody believe in what Chris Walker is saying - after a year of broken promises and lies? @Michael - is this fact or guesswork? My guess is that he will default on his pledge to @Martyn but until the week has past (thats tonight) we can only but wait. If he doesn't post then i would expect @martyn to make a stand. There will be no weekly updates by Chris Walker. Hey Christ or should we call you (jason russell )....will you ever delivered the product or your just an other kind of kony 2012 project...abuse other people help. .. Just answer by yes or no it take second to do .... Chris has succonded 5,685 people to provide $1,012,742 to complete a project that was just a pipe dream, without any real working prototype, with a reasonable understanding that he would be defrauding people. The project is now and always be a failure for all the backers, Chris is interested in how much of the capital he can retain while delaying the project indefinitely until all lose hope and interest. In this context, it would not surprise me if Chris laid out a little capital for a patsy or two to achieve his end goal. Does anyone know if the Qi charger passed certification and is it good to go out the door? Or is it still just a sample and not manufactured yet? Oh ye of little faith @Matt Mayatt. Chris Walker is a man of integrity and honour and the least he could do is comply with a tiny concession from someone giving his time free of charge to help a watch maker design a watch mechanism for a man with programming skills to deliver a smart watch that would be the envy of the world. If he fails to deliver this small thing then it would only be natural for @Martyn Calsyn to question if he is being played. I think we will be lucky to get any kind of update. @Martyn Calsyn said: "He has committed to do weekly updates" With less than 24 hours to go before we get an update let us get our weathered cliche bingo cards out and guess what he will have to say: 1) Watch straps 2) Pushers 3) Office/Factory/Dungeon 4) Watch straps 5) Talking about himself in the third person If he gives us a working demo of his OS integrated to IoS/MS or Android I will shake the man by the hand when I visit him. This is clearly fraud. Chris Walker stated in his pitch "We weren't willing to compromise. So we spent the last year testing and integrating the very best new technologies from around the world, eliminating limitations of the past." He posted pictures of the agent watch and the risks and issues clearly led people to believe the watch was more or less there. He has got his hands on a million dollars with no risk or threat to handing it back. I firmly believe he was hoping to get 100k he managed to scoop an extra 900k which went beyond his wildest dreams. You are all being presented with a watch that is still going through design that does not work. If this goes on long enough soon it will be cheaper for him to buy a Chinese smart watch get it rebranded and pass it on. @Dan. If this is no fraud and they are just not capable to develop that watch, then I don't see the reason why Chris Walker Secret Labs House of Horology don't stop the project and refund the backers. I still think that Chris Walker is pretty happy with the interest he earns with the $ 1,000.000 Rather than fraud I suspect that this project has simply been too much for a small and inexperienced team to handle - after all look what happened at Kreyos ! And Sir Jonathan Ive at Apple, in an interview, has said that they had been working on the Apple Watch for the last 3 years. One can imagine the size of the Apple team, and the $millions expended on the Watch's development. The answer's 42 ! This user's account has been deleted. Daniel, I don't believe any good would come out of such a demand; it'll only get Martin to not contributing any more. Let's just see how far Martin can help with this project without any threats. Martin, I do appreciate your helping Chris, but could you demand that, for you to continue helping Chris, Chris would need to show us a real working prototype? Obviously the "prototype" in the video isn't even close to the real thing or otherwise we would have a watch by now. so what's the point for your continual work on the mechanical side of things if there's no way the OS even works on that hardware? Some of us suspect that all these ridiculous delays with the mechanical and straps side of things is just Chris covering up his lack of readiness on the OS & software front. And also, information about the new final Agent SDK (what's the progress on it) and companion apps would be nice. Is the Agent smarter than this: <url>j vu my friend! Re the statement to the press I would take the angle that after of the trial and tribulations the Pebble went through but has now turned itself around there is a copy cat project out there following in its footsteps - except this one has no happy ending..yet!. However, there also was another SmartWatch coming to the marketplace that promised the moon on a stick - quick delivery, world's smartest watch, raised ten times the requested amount but then how it's creator & his ego turned around and the Project came the worst flop in KS's history. Tell them how ignorant he his & is so disillusioned with what he believes to have a band of happy backers, yet ignores their true comments. You could even say it's taken the advice of a Backer to help with problems that he cannot solve. You can also offer an exclusive that the company that partnered up with SL, HoH, is now launching a new range of watches under a different guise. To the extent that it's shop has closed down & they are changing direction & name to be not associated with this Project after launch. House of Who?! Or so the rumor goes. Good luck with the writing - when you've finished it I'd like a copy as would happily syndicate it to some great journo friends I have. What you think about that samsung gear s 2015 is out!!! <url>"Kickstarter is not liable for any damages or loss incurred related to rewards or any other use of the Service. Kickstarter is under no obligation to become involved in disputes between any Users, or between Users and any third party arising in connection with the use of the Service. This includes, but is not limited to, delivery of goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with campaigns on the Site. Kickstarter does not oversee the performance or punctuality of projects" - <url>"investors", under KS terms of use, we are owed a watch or a refund should one not be provided since the project was successfully funded. "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." - <url># @Daniel. The charger has Chris ever mentioned it in any of the updates. I don't think it exists Can we at least have the frigging $50 Qi charger already?!? While Chris Walker hasn't logged on here since Update #24, he has posted several comments on the Netduino forums as recently as yesterday. I doubt he owes those people $1m worth of orders pre-paid about 18 months ago. In my (self-entitled?) opinion, we are owed much more attention than we're getting from Chris. A whole lot more. He seems to be treating us with rank disdain. Does anyone know any serious journalists who are high profile and regularly published in the mainstream media? An enquiry from one of them might focus Chris' mind on servicing his backers. There is no point reporting Chris to Kickstarter other than to blow off steam and/or swear off this platform. They will not and can not do anything except to "reach out" to Creator. @Hafeez. Kickstarter won't ask they want their 10%. The more you look at this project it is clear it was set up to get money with no risk to Chris if he didn't deliver he does not need to refund any one any money. The video was a compete fabrication to make you all believe he had the watch just about ready for production this was clearly not true. He has scammed you all collectively for a $1,000,000 Why was there never an actual working prototype? I thought that this watch already created, and all that was needed was production? The video was clearly misleading. All the future project I may support, that is the one question I think backers and Kickstarter should ask. If you all repeat in your mind "one million dollars" keep saying it and then share your thoughts My mind drifted today and I had a vision that I would like to share with you all. The date is June 2015. After extensive work on the watch straps Chris Walker realised that the smart watch had a fatal flaw. It didn't tell the time. He had forgotten that bit. So with help from another backer he made a component change to solve the problem. The solution was beautiful in it's simplicity - by removing the hard to light screen he used "hands" that pivoted around a central point with numbers displayed at the edges of these "hands". He tried to contact Lawrence as the new design had some impact on the case design however his staff reported that Lawrence had been missing for some time after fleeing the new distribution centre screaming about becoming a monk. Never one to let obstacles get in the way of perceived genius Chris went to Hong Kong with our final few dollars to meet some watch suppliers. They laughed at him and the project died. Never one to let common sense and rationality get in the way Chris Walker developed using his own money and over a year his new projects for Kickstarter: 1) A bike with a large front wheel and a small rear wheel 2) A recording device that features a spool of magnetic tape passing between two rotating wheels 3) A machine that can enable a user to simulate in 8 bit representation of a tennis match being played from above 4) A watch strap that comes in a basic shape that you then employ a "punch machine" to that enables the creation of a myriad of styled holes including square, oblong, round and oval. He pitches all these as needing nearly 10.50 each with delivery time within 1 month. He still gets backers. I never thought they would make the December deadline of last year, but I was willing to give them quite a bit of extra time. But seeing as they haven't made very much progress at all, I'm definitely disappointed in this project. If they had been able to deliver between June and August, it would have been fine, but since everyone is putting out watches now, this project seems a lot less special. But really? They just now figured out the switches? And it required a backer to pitch in for them to figure that out? Digital watches have been around for 20-30+ years and they go for a very old method? My understanding was from the description that this was pretty much completed in the design phase and all they needed was money to start production. This reminds me of a wallet project I backed where they had nothing but problems and they claimed that they were pretty much done with design and just needed production money. Fortunately I ended up getting a refund from that project and I hope they will be available for this project too if it ends up failing. What frustrates me more is that CW had Lawrence create a case but didn't think that the pusher mechanism would affect the dimensions of the case. This was a complete con You still haven't figured out the pushers, ~ 1 year after you were supposed to have delivered 5000 of these? Patsy ... certainly could be. But I will have tried doing something constructive, and I'm ok with that. Patsies.... That made me chuckle. A factory, really. The photo looked like a small office area, not the kind of place that thousands of watches are going to be assembled! It also seems that to allay fears, especially with no real updates, patsies have been continually rolled out to elicit hope and delay backers from taking action, and sadly I think Martin is just the latest. I'm over it, won't bother checking this farce anymore. How on earth was the idiot ever going to get this off the ground with only $100,000, when he can't manage it with $1,000,000 plus? Good riddance AGENT: The World's Biggest Advertisement For Not Backing Kickstarter Projects. Yeah. I'm done with this. Up until this post, I was hoping against hope that this project would turn into a reality. I gave SL the benefit of the doubt and even supported the KickStarter model as a defense that this is an investment opportunity, not a store. I still believe that, but enough is enough. He has our money, the project will likely never be finished, and I wonder why he keeps spending money trying to develop it. I've came to terms with my losses, and I'm moving on. If I receive a final product, I'll be thrilled. If not, c'est la vie. I'm not a smartwatch builder but it seems to me that the obsticals they're working on shouldn't take months to overcome. I thought Lawrence said last month he had an solution to the pushers. It just doesn't seem this is a full time project, if someone was putting in 40 hours a week on this it would be further along. The case molds still haven't been ordered, I just don't get it. I picked up my Microsoft band this week, it's great. I shelved my pebble. I love the color screen. Notifications work awesome. The 2 day battery is disappointing, but I just charge it while driving to work. It does scratch easy(which reminds me, what's our lens going to be? Or is that a 2 month update topic?). Maybe the creator was waiting on Microsoft to release their Health App so he could incorporate it(that's sarcasm but a good idea) This project never had a fighting chance. The embellished pitch(borderline fraudulent), obvious incompetence and lack of perceived dedication. All of those will contribute to the demise of this company and failure of this project. The window of opportunity has closed. I'm also starting to fear that the prolonged delay and incompetence will cause this to never be manufactured. I think it is time for all backers just to STOP NOW trying to chase a couple of hundred dollars and get on with your lives. As from today that is what I am doing. This is totally fruitless. Really. In my opinion (and no, I have not just found some new religion), just drop it, its not worth it. What factory? Where is the factory located @Roma, I don't think you failed to achieve anything, you did actually manage to get answers to at least some of the 10(?) questions you put up back then. And that was much appreciated! What happened to the other fella in BADAR , he completely fell of the radar. @NKH, the "R" in BADAR fully acknowledges our failure to achieve anything. Said with sincere despondency. However, I loved your train journey analogy. Puts it beautifully. Thanks for cheering me up again :) @Martin Calsyn, thanks for your involvement in the project and your comments here! I hope you can continue to bring us information on how the project is evolving, and that the communication won't end like it did with both Team BADAR and Lawrence. I backed the project not only for the reward, but also for the journey (which is turning out to be quite long). The problem is that for the journey were sitting blindfolded on the train, and instead of being told about the mountains that are passing outside the windows, the official updates talk about the fabric on the seats in the train..... The comments from BADAR, Lawrence and now you are much more interesting and insightful than any of the updates. After this last update I've officially lost all faith in this project. Now that the microsoft Band is available with full windows phone support and provides many smart watch functions I'd rather have gotten that with the money I pledged to this product. Congratulations Chris Walker, you've proven you are incompetent. Hey @Roma That car is rank. Worse than the AGENT smart watch. Get a ute like proper people ! It is a bargain though and a V6 no matter how ugly the shell it sits in or how rubbish the gearbox it has been mated to is always nice. As for Lawrence. Yeah I know. I like Lawrence however if he has taken it on himself to sort the sodding pushers then the answer should have been obvious. The guy is between a rock and a hard place. As he is no longer posting I can only raise the possibility (in spite of the lawyers all over this project) that he should really have known about a 30 year old resolution to a age old issue (cheap way to make contact between the MB and push buttons) TBH this project has become nothing more than a comedy. I want to see how far the joke can be stretched. I check these boards each morning and often have a giggle. The post from the guy that thought Chris had done a secret deal with MS to help THEM is still my fav. I feel sorry for you. I have paid two hundred bucks for this car crash. For comedy that is not bad. But $1000? That hurts. I plan to meet Chris Walker one day. I'm open to offers :) @Roma - thanks for the kind words. Roma is one of the folks who has remained patient and constructive throughout and I appreciate his assistance in hooking me up with the project principles. If I am able to do anything to help, it will be a direct result of his facilitating my initial contacts. Sorry, don't know how that link got there. Looking at an old banger! @Martin, As said yesterday, I am most grateful for your generous offer of assistance to Chris. I sincerely hope he realises what an asset you are and makes the most of your talents. @Simon, I think there are elements of truth in your last comment. I just don't know how many. However, your previous one impugns Lawrence Leyderman (in your questioning way). You know that Lawrence was a contractor hired for specific tasks. What I know is that the interaction between the pushers and the board was not, in his<url>"do you think you could check out how these things work in digital/smart watches?" That was shared with me when Lawrence rang me from Hong Kong. As far as I am concerned, Lawrence has clean hands in this. @ben - I don't think that was it. I think he misled people early on with the pitch for sure. I think he thought he was on a winner BEFORE KS because smart watches were the hot thing and he had success with his hobbyist NetDuiono. Hey the man can program and with the Netduiono product shrunk a bit and adapted a bit he had a winner. This was going to be his breakthrough to the mainstream because NetDuino products were falling off the sales cliff. He set up a video shoot. $100K should do it. The calculations his ego had done said that was fine to launch a product the likes of MS and Apple would spend millions on bringing to market. He created a buzz. The project seemed SO close to backers. Well worth backing. Before he could believe it he was riding on a million bucks of funding. It is just his ego didn't know its limits. He couldn't believe his luck when it hit a million and his ego must have been elated. But then his ego had always ignored the massive flaw in most engineers of his calibre. They need managing tightly. But Chris was too proud to be managed. HEY he had earnt a good wedge from getting a circuit board to market. What didn't he know? That is why he stitched HoH with a tight contract even though the relationship had been brief and basically comprised him walking past Lawrences shop. Lawrence was too green to see the warning signs. He is a young entrepreneur that thinks people are like him. Chris Walkers arrogance was that "hey the smart bit of the watch is my bit - lets get these guys to do the case and everything will be good". The problem is that his ego then took over again and decided that the relatively young and relatively (commercially) new HoH / Lawrence needed managing. Chris Walker likes attention to detail. This makes him a micro manager. And his ego was in place to keep his cards to his chest and make life hell for all those around him including us. After all he hadn't needed to answer to anyone with NetDuino. It was him, his ego and that was it. It was a toxic combination. So here Chris was with HoH who he wanted to manage and have total control over (to the point he didn't trust them with components from his side) making a rash decision (hey lets team up with these guys at HoH and deliver a smart watch) that made him answerable (sort of) to a bunch of backers. As his major flaws were poor project management and communication (common in engineers) it became clear quickly that a million bucks wasn't a blessing but a curse. His management style and always waiting for that next little improvement started weighing against him. Big time. Lawrence was starting to ask WAY too many questions so he put in a "project manager".It really didn't matter who it was, all they needed to do was create space and take the incresing problems away from Chris Walker directly. In fact Chris Walkers ego thought a project manager, even one from hundreds of miles away could turn his dream into reality. Again he chose based on a "this will do" basis rather than any kind of rational, methodical approach. The guy was asking for a fair few bucks so he MUST be good. The calendar was whistling past the months. Panic was starting to set in and when Lawrence of HoH finally got fed up with being kept in the dark and started posting under Mindys account his ego reached for the lawyers. The project manager was in an impossible position of trying to placate two forces working in totally different ways. This was getting bad. How could he been burning money? Why weren't NetDuino sales keeping up? Chris posted a bunch of stuff that he thought would placate his backers but again because he put ego before honesty that blew up in his face. In a post that was meant to fool backers he admitted that the money was running out. The game was nearly up. The stress levels were off the scale. Lawrence was contained thanks to the lawyers but the fact remained the money was going to come up short especially after the "management" fees he had been creaming off was included. So what to do. He was still a talented .NET engineer but the thought of consultancy was distasteful to his ego. He thought things through. Secret Labs had been a success. All it needed was some time and some resources. A space. Some infrastructure. Perhaps some part bin stuff imported cheaply from China. It became obvious. If only he could spend some of the money left on stuff he could use for the next SL project, whatever that may be. Perhaps he could diversify into home management / the internet of things. Yes that is the next band wagon for "entrepreneurs" like him and his faithful ego. So he got a space. Did that up. He bought a expensive component store. The invoice from the lawyers who shut Lawrence up was paid. All he had to do was continue spending the money. Due to KS he had freedom to do what he wanted if only he pretended AGENT was still live. He took up an offer by Martyn. Perhaps his credibility on the board could put people off the scent. Martyn didn't ask the questions because, like Lawrence he thinks people are in general nice. Perfect. Chris threw in some "updates" that anyone could see through. However he banked on the fact that for a couple of hundred bucks people would WANT to believe. It worked in religion. It worked for politicians. Why wouldn't it work for him and his ego? He was right. It did. To be continued? That is what I think has happened anyway. Be happy to be proved wrong. Your call Chris. I don't think CW set out to defraud but once he had a $1,000,000 in the bank he must have realised he was on a good thing Thanks @Martyn On your second post I personally cannot wait to pay Chris Walker a visit when I am in New York. That isn't a threat just a fact. On the first post thanks for the feedback. If it had been me I would have established if the funding was there to fulfil the projects "rewards" (ie an orphan smartwatch) because if Chris Walker hasn't and is just stringing things along while he shops around for some stuff his secret labs project can benefit from then he is taking advantage of you and undermining your credibility. Anyone - and I mean anyone that has even a cursory experience with watch design would know about the "solution" put forward. I know we all think Chris Walker is a total and utter XC!@$@) right now but if this is Lawrence then serious questions need asking about competence. I admire you for two things - first you have taken the time and effort to get involved in a failing project to do your best to save it from itself. Secondly I admire that you actually managed to get hold of Chris Walker and engage with the massive failure. Did you also get to speak to his ego as that is the one pulling the strings. Creator is a liar & a thief ....sue me for saying this. Only evidence is I have paid money, and have no product in hand... not even any definitive answer of when ... It was quite public between Lawrence & the creator of what kind of a failure of an individual Chris is in terms of even ethics ... he didn't have the guts to even face HoH ... I will add that I find all discussions of PI's, personal visits and private actions to be threatening and distasteful. I get that we are all frustrated, but let's maintain some sense of balance here. We collectively have a lot of money on the line, but individually, it hardly rises to that level of anger. If you do think you need to do something, start with KS complaints and the NY atty general, or even your own private atty if you really have money to burn - leave off with the threats please as they are not going to achieve anything constructive. @Simon: Those are fair questions. 1) no, I have not requested nor been offered any pay - and I do not plan to ask for any. I am just doubling down on my KS investment. 2) I don't know anything about the finances, and probably never will. I am an electrical engineer and computer science geek - not a financial adviser. The finances are Chris' right and responsibility as a business owner to manage. As I said before, he could hire a troupe of dancing bears if he wanted, just so long as it ends with the promised rewards. @Simon: I am sure you are right, but since we did not share that experience, Lawrence disassembled and carefully documented a rather large collection of watches to get a sense for what the existing best practices were. We built our recommendations from that and from some general experience i have with electro-mechanical design. @FrankyB, thanks - I do hope it works out for the best. @Robert - perfectly legal to hire a PI just as it is perfectly legal for your police departments to confiscate any money or items in your possession without proof of wrongdoing or in reality any comeback. Chris Walker didn't set out to defraud in my opinion however I think we have seen for ourselves what sort of "man" he is. Anything. And I do mean anything that can make him called to account and provide some justice for what he has "achieved" on KS is fine in my book. @Simon. I'm fully aware of our amendment rights and our government's ability to skew them. I agree with most if not all of your statements, I was merely pointing out that your interest in participating on hiring a PI was a bad call, not that you don't have the right to make the statement. I would argue that things got interesting in this country mid 1492+. @Robert Not a clue what you're going on about. I have made no litigious statement that cannot be defended. Calling Chris Walker a joke is freedom of speech - not sure if the yanks remember that. All went downhill in that country mid 1776. Reported project to KS. @Simon. Bad call man. Someone else decides to act on your statement, and you've made the statement. Guess who gets to deal with litigation? This at worst is a class action lawsuit if and only if we can determine that @creator has violated Kickstarter contracts. Because face it, we took a chance and it failed miserably. Here's where I am at this point. Stop what you're doing. Send me a HoH Bedlam Dark White. Let's part ways. @Jason I would be prepared to chip in for a PI to dig some dirt and make life tough for Chris Walker. Oh almost forgot: In addition to thanking us for our support, how about answering the following questions for us? 1. Is the OS done, tested and ready to go? If not, when? If done, please post a video of it working. 2. What functionality will we have re iOS, Android and Windows Phone out of the box? 3. Are the companion phone apps for the above done? If not, when? If done, show us. 4. Talk about changing backlights and the charging coil in the previous Update makes me shudder. What else is not locked down? 5. What will the case body and lens be made from? If not decided exactly, what are the options still on the table? 6. When do you expect to start assembly? Will HoH be involved in that? 7. When do you expect to start shipping? 8. Will KS backers get their AGENTs before anyone else does? 9. What support levels/standards can backers expect? Clear and concise answers please, Chris. I think you owes us that. Thank you. P.S. A huge vote of appreciation to Martin Calsyn! Please make the most of his talents to get this project over the line. @Martin, I have a lot of respect for what you are trying to do. @Creator.... why do I even try to communicate with you... How many time did you mention the straps in this update and ho boy, using picture of other watchs in your update, very classy. Any how, as soon as Microsoft Band is available in Canada, I'll pull the trigger and if I ever get this paperweight Watch of yours.... well, I just said it.... a freaking 130$ paperweight,,, I agree that everyone with complaints should report this project to Kickstarter. These complaints need to brought to their attention because, I feel, that it undermines the credibility of their platform. I sure won't be using it again, I think it's just a haven for online scammers. I can't believe this project got 10x the goal they wanted and it's this late! Where would we be if they only got the $100,000? This project has failed. Stop spending our money. Liquidate whatever inventory you have and divide the funds, if any, between backers. Please. Looking at the pitch again, knowing where we are with the project now, it is extremely misleading! It gives the impression that all the details have been worked out, they have pictures of a complete watch, watch straps, the know all the dimensions. Why can't they use the same watches as the prototype? Why did they take so long on dicking around with pusher sizes etc. for a watch that looks identical to the prototype? Why didn't they just use the exact same processes\materials etc. as they did for the prototype and scale it up for mass production? There were no risks mentioned about known flaws with the prototype that would need to be worked out. No mention of problems with the pusher mechanism on the PCB. Why start messing around with all that stuff this late into the project? These risks should have all been mentioned in the pitch! Everyone should report this project to KS like I did demanding they look into it. These guys have received over $1m and all we have received for that is photos of the corner of an office space with new carpet and fluorescent lights. Man, my crappie kiddie power rangers and tmnt watches had spring leaf buttons and those were more than 20 years ago... Let's reinvent the wheels! While you're at it, Chris, I think the light film guide issues are now resolved... Simon, you're being overly kind in your assessment. Based on the available evidence from this project, I have zero idea how CW was able to develop any level of previous success in business. I actually know a private investigator. If Chris, @creator, doesn't take me up on the offer soon, I'll be having the PI get involved. Just to leave a post so that no one is in any doubt what a joke the update is. In a previous life I was a jeweller and spent many hours fiddling with watches. One of the most popular watches of the 80's was of course made by Casio. They have been using spring leaf rocker/switches in the most basic model since inception. So the update from an engineering, project management, competence perspective is near zero. Nothing contained in it should give you a glimmer of hope. Nadda. Nothing. Zero. Chris Walker is a joke. Jason Don't ask - just show up. That is what I am planning to do. Go and do some digging - we could do with the laugh. I live right near Chris and his multiple secret companies. I propose and extend this as an offer to Chris, let me come to your offices and inspect what you have and your progress. I just can't believe any of this horse hockey unless I see it. If Chris accepts and I go there, I'll report back here updates. Chris, @creator, this is an opportunity for you and you should take me up on it. @Martin Calsyn Thanks for the input. I have two questions and they are pretty abrupt and some would say impolite but here goes: 1) Are you being paid for your assistance? 2) Have you had any visibility or been given any assurances that this KS has enough money to deliver the rewards? I would also ask about the most important part of the watch - ie the functionality that dare not speak its name but I doubt you have had any visibility on this side of "project orphan". @Jason Kanaris - I think most of the KS pitch was complete and utter fabrication. @Ken - Timescales. IF this thing ever ships then you're now looking at least April/May next year. That is if the project was well run and the suppliers were on form. @Jason. Can't see how the video can be real it even has a functioning watch strap in it and we know where we are with that What I don't get is they had a fully functioning working prototype in the video for the kickstarter campaign and on the agent watch website. I don't see why he has been doing all this engineering trial and error. Is the stuff in the video all fake? That is no facility to be assembling a watch in! Where is the ESD flooring?!?! These are sensitive boards and watchs you'll be assembling. It took over a month for you to just build that room? This is just plain ridiculous and a bunch of lies! You give us 2 pictures of watches that are not even the agent and show us a corner of a carpeted room and call that your facility. Bunch of lies! @Ken : That is the $1,012,742 question, and I just don't have enough insight into the project's status to give you even a ballpark estimate. That doesn't mean "oh my gawd! that late!", what it means is that I just don't have the info. I agree that we (backers) should have that info, I'm just not in a position to offer even my own guess. Should that ever change, you'll read it here first. This next week for me is critical - it is when I start to get an idea as to how I can work with Chris to maximally benefit the project and also maximize the information I can provide here without breaking any ethical boundaries. I'm just trying to grease the skids, and that's going to require flexibility and openness on the part of all involved. I'll let you know how that develops, as it develops. All Just checking whether everybody wanting a refund clicked the link on the main project page to report the project to Kickstarter. A number of months ago I reported it to Kickstarter as not a project and then received some platitudes from Chris. There is no substantive progress here and I he fact that every month Chris sneaks in under the wire to give us a non update just makes me think he wants to wear us out I would like a refund. The last update demonstrated that again there is no hope this is coming to an end and product any time soon. The presentation of HOH as changing their distribution strategy.....no sure what that means to the project...I want a refund. I have been patient. This watch is completely obsolete at this point. Current technology has trumped this watches design and the lateness is beyond unprofessional. This user's account has been deleted. To all backers lets do something to get our money back. This watch is nothing but another failed project. This watch looks old compared with what is on the street now. No innovation at all.another scam I demand an immediate refund. Martin, I think they're lucky to have you helping out. I think there's one main question backers have - how much further behind than a year behind are they? Just giving us a ballpark of "I think it'll be six months" or anything would be more than we have. OMG Those letters were made for this project. You don't have carpeted flooring handlindling ESD sensitive electronic components. And components are sealed in dry packs Once you open the bags you let moisture in. Greetings fellow backers. I am just back from an exhausting business trip, but I want to bring you up to date on a couple things that have happened and which I had mentioned as being in progress. Some weeks ago, I offered to help out the project in any way that would help move it toward completion. I have an electrical engineering background and a career in software and I was invited to give some input into integrating the board with the watch case mechanics (pushers) as you saw in the update. I understand that I will now be part of at least some of the regular conference calls starting this coming week and I will continue to help out the project in any way possible (and I will push hard to find every possible way to help out). I am also a backer and I feel your frustration in a very personal way. I will update you at least once and preferably twice per week on whatever input or progress I have contributed to, though I will also strictly respect Chris' and Secret Labs' IP and privacy rights and respect their ownership of the project, so there probably will be things that I will not be able to share. And, it is not my role to speak for Chris, Secret Labs, HoH or anyone else, so I will not be reporting on what they are doing unless asked to do so. Nobody has told me to do either of those two things - it's just fair dealing. I do believe that the project is moving forward, and in fact, moving forward a bit better recently. The flow of information is still not great, but I have better insight into the project now and some (though not total) visibility into the current status. I will share what I can, and I will be on the comments daily and will try to answer respectful and considerate questions that are directly related to my contributions. I will not answer questions privately because we are all backers with equal interests (and if I can't say it here, I probably should not say it), but I will be on the public board here nearly daily. Also do love the two pics of watches are someone else's watches. @Creator Chris, if you are the creator of The Worlds Smartest Watch, why are the last 24 updates dealing with its dumb parts only? I appreciate Agent is breaking new ground here and pushing the limitations of man's knowledge, but I think I can help with how you can integrate pushers and a smartwatch - take a Dremel to a 2 year old Pebble and see what they did. hahaha, there's a picture of a clean corner in this update.. this is hilarious This project was funded in June 2013 with a delivery estimate of December 2013. I've received my Touch Time watch even after a long wait. My Omate smartwatch was a failure but at least they delivered. Soon the Neptune Pine will be shipped and like clockwork, Apple will be releasing the Apple Watch. So does the refund get mailed or will it go back to the credit card it was charged to? Christmas update to include news of strap problems, a photo of a corner of a room, no news and no timeline. Yet another crappy update....very disappointing. As others have mentioned, the latest update is a total joke, even to those of us that have tried to be patient with this project. You're still working on pushers, which you first mentioned three and a half months ago in Update #21. How are House of Horology and Winson "exploring new waters" with the most obvious of issues that you need backer help to resolve this? And given that, how is anyone supposed to be believe this will be resolved in any reasonable timeframe when you say the changes suggested by Martin are going to impact the case design yet again and this issue is still not complete? (Including the fact that you apparently might also reduce the number of buttons, which would obviously affect functionality as well) And again with the watch straps as well. Those first came up in Update #22 over 2 months ago, and you still haven't been able to get samples that are correct. How can there be a miscommunication over square versus round holes if you provide the supplier proper details? Either they're not following your specification, or you're not providing it correctly. For it to happen once might be excusable, but twice with different suppliers is asinine for such a standard component for a watch. As others have mentioned, the "factory space" is a joke (looks like a simple small room for manual assembly and the "renovations" you had to perform over "a few months" are mind-boggling), and the expiring components and expense of a dry cabinet are equally vexing since those are just by-products of the poor project planning that has been the only consistent theme of this whole endeavor. Given the lack of any kind of timeline update and the escalating costs due to the inept execution of this project, I'm going from expecting a far-obsolete product to not expecting anything at all, which is extremely disheartening. How disappointing. Watch straps still not completed square holes round holes make your mind up. When will the straps be completed and no pictures of straps either. What a joke. Creator is either the most inept POS on the planet, or the world's greatest manipulator. Either way, for anyone showing even the slimmest bit of confidence in him at this point - I have several bridges I'd love to sell you. Seriously? Im still waiting your reply for the mail ive sent you since July.. Any bets next update talks about the component's dry bags being out of date, the products ruined, and having closing shop? Chris Walker I don't need a picture of a dry cabinet as many of us know what they are and more importantly what they cost. What I would like to know and have repeatedly asked for is: 1) What is the financial situation regarding the project? Have you got the funding to fulfil all rewards because based on your figures you haven't. 2) What timescales have you now set within the project management documentation? (if any exists - which I doubt) 3) What progress have you made with the OS (the most vital part of a smart watch) and what integration is promised between the watch and leading OS - Ios, MS and Android ? All the rest is just noise. PS - i said in a comment around the time of update 23 that I thought Chris Walker could be burning up money while he strings us along to buy stuff that will be useful to him on future projects. Dry Cabinets aren't cheap (go ask companies like Mancorp) and so either this purchase is an admission that AGENT won't be shipping for a long time OR it would confirm what I have been saying. GASP "Update"24 is out. And guess what? The watch straps feature front and centre along with the flaming pusher.It seems that they needed more experts to give the watch a pusher system the same as Casio use. Who knew? I think based on my post a few days back that I win a prize. Be interested to hear from @Martyn but it is pretty clear that Chris Walker is a joke. Every update he demonstrates his lack of credibility and arrogance. They should spend the next few months making sure this will integrate with another similar project-the Elroy. Or doing research for a personal mobility device. They could spend months looking at a ground surface integration component that needs to be spherical in shape, strong yet yielding, and easily maintained. That could steal a bunch of money from people and spend over a year on the obvious. In 1989 I bought a watch that had mechanical interfaces with the digital movement that, 5 batteries and 3 bands later, still works. You guys are a joke. Don't reinvent the wheel. You don't need to phone it in like Omate did, but you don't need to spend months working out details that reverse engineering a $10 watch from Wally World could solve. Again, as an engineer myself, this is inexcusable. If you didn't get money up front, you wouldn't have gotten any. Get off your asses and make REAL strides to finish. I'll be honest, I bought myself a moto 360 a few weeks ago and it is amazing. I am still looking forward to getting my agent smart watch, but I will probably just give it away to a friend or family as a present. I do not see it out performing my moto 360 at this point. I am not all that upset with the delays, but I do think it is irresponsible and unprofessional, especially in the tech industry. At the same time, I think people asking for refunds are down right silly, this is a kick starter where the "rewards" for backing are just that - extras. I backed this because I thought it was a cool idea, worth a shot. It is sad it was mishandled to such a degree. Anyone know if they ended up using sapphire for the lens? IMO the watch is outdated now but in tech and style. That's what over a year delay will do to a tech item. It was great when it was just between this and a pebble, but now... Straps, switches, and factory space. When will we get to see a functioning sample running actual code? I love that the mechanics are coming together, but having I am more worried with the big software promises that were made during the funding period. Any updates in that regard? Well, I'd rather hear anything about the straps other than SL getting rid of HoH due to the straps... Hopefully we get a demo of the watch working with companion apps. Dream is just a dream, right? Kickstarter needs to find a way to hold these creators responsible, responsible for regular communication and performance Hopefully not much longer until the next update. Can't wait to hear which watch strap troubles have been encountered. HP's new smartwatch looks ace. I like the look of the Asus, even though I am a fan of lightweight and comfy rubber watches. So you never know, I may stretch to one, if it has a sim. For anyone interested in the Microsoft Band, there is a ton of info including unboxing and first impression videos on WindowsCentral: <url>"the world's smartest watch". So it'll be smarter than the Microsoft Band, the moto 360, the apple watch, the pebble... I assume all the delays are because the team are constantly revising the watch to deliver more and keep it "the world's smartest watch". All this news around the strap is a mere charade to keep the really hot stuff under wraps and beat the competition when they ship: that's the only possible explanation! (HUUUGE smiley to be added here ;-) ) My reasons for still wanting the Agent are probably different from most on here. I love to collect retro consoles/computers/watches and niche products , I'm not to worried about agent having less features than the other smart watches , I'm just hoping that it is still made of premium materials, has good battery life , some smart features , looks cool on my wrist , and that not many people have one. I'm looking at this watch as more of a fashion piece than anything else. That is why I'm quite happy to wait for it but I can understand why many people are angry at SL and want a refund. Maaz....unfortunately, based on the last update and assuming they haven't suddenly made incredible progress, I'd estimate the agent is still 6 months out (and that's being conservative in my estimation). Gotcha buddy.. hmmm this has been a depressing experience to say the least. Let's hope it does make it at the end, at least you'd have something to use. I still find my old Nokia (the ones that would last 7-10 days on a charge) useful every now and then, so you never know what kind of interesting projects we might use the Agent for. Fadi, I agree it sounds silly to wear both but there still a chance the AGENT could ship and if I already bought an MS Band by then, I would have a hard time deciding which to wear. The MS Band provides better fitness tracking but would need to be worn all day long to get accurate results. The AGENT is more stylish and visually appealing and provides the ability to run .NET watch apps, something that I was interesting in attempting to write a few myself. Of course, if I knew for sure that the AGENT is never going to ship, it would make the decision between the MS Band and the Fitbit Surge (I wouldn't wear 2 products that were both primarily for fitness tracking). Maaz why would you need to wear both? Let me elaborate my thought process, when I originally fell in love with AgentSmartwatch, it was because of two reasons: Style + WP compatibility. With Moto 360, style is simply irrelevant now :) with MS Band, compatibility is irrelevant as well. The way I am looking at it now, MS Band offers more features, better display and for sure better integration, enough to take the modern contemporary look and make me happy to turn some heads with it. (the only thing I will miss is app development, which could come with the MS Band later on) Now if Moto 360 is WP compatible, i'd go for it, simply because it will fit my goals more, but the MS Band is almost a guaranteed buy as well, because I would not want to wear a classic elegant looking watch every day in every occasion. just my 2 cents... and those are free lol I'm contemplating picking up the Microsoft Band to replace my old Nike FuelBand. The question is if I decide to buy one, whether I should use it as a watch or just a fitness tracker. Currently I wear a regular watch too. If the AGENT ever ships, I suppose I could wear it on my left wrist and the Band on my right but I don't know whether or not they can both be connected to the phone at the same time, at least for notifications. Or I could forget the whole thing and just buy a FitBit Surge which might be more limited in functionality but still provide what I really need. At least there are finally other products now that work properly with Windows Phone. I just wish I knew for sure when/if the AGENT was shipping as that could influence my decision. It's clear that the project was mismanaged and we aren't getting proper details in the recent updates, but it would be nice to know its fate rather than this just keep dragging on. Jeremy do provide a review of the MS Band. I was not as fortunate as you were, having put it in my cart for later checkout, I got back in the evening and it was sold out. Even at the MS store near me (being 50 min away). So Until it is made available again, I would love to hear what first hand experience users have to say. I just picked up my Microsoft Band at the Microsoft Store in Bellevue, WA. $200 and I was up and using it with in a couple minutes. Good form factor, touch screen, color screen and works with most phones. Even if AGENT ships, I have no idea why I would use it now. I haven't lost faith in Kickstarter, just complex electronics on Kickstarter. Come on Chris Walker - give us an update. I dare you. We could all do with at least a laugh for the 200 bucks we have spent on your incompetence and deceit. Just picked up Microsoft Band...It is awesome !!! This Agent watch has cured me of ever purchasing or backing anything ever again here on Kickstarter... or anywhere else for that matter...SMH @Matt - Seriously why? Why are you looking forward to AGENT? Its the Brian Jones of watches*. *dead in the water I Like the look of the Asus Zen Watch or the Moto 360 , will probably purchase one of those before Christmas, still looking forward to the Agent :) Come on Chris. I'm liking the sound of the Razer Nabu at the moment - still waiting for release date but has gone through FCC. Really disappointed with Agent and expecting more of the same in the next update.... @Michael, Unlikely. Your best bet is to attempt a chargeback through your credit card. Any chance of getting a refund? @Nick L - I'm curious. Why are you looking forward to the AGENT? What do you think it has got that isn't available elsewhere? Apart from the worlds most designed watch strap of course. Another USP has just gone -oh and it doesn't need a third party monitor. <url>"a", "the" or similar words just to reach 3. Whoever has their 9 phrases checked off the earliest in the update wins. A singular counts as plurals (watch strap sample = watch strap samples, etc) After the update, check if you got Bingo and post the line number and word (counting headings as lines but not blank spaces) which will allow us to easily cross check the winner. The prize will be my gratitude and a reminder of all the positive comments posted here throughout the month. I won't play this round so I can pay attention see how to best improve the game before next update. GO! I cant wait till kickstarter funding drops enough for them to realize that they need to step up and protect the people they are making money from, after all - they are taking 5% of MY money. @Simon. You do have a point, although you maybe do not realise that wrist watch straps are very complicated and difficult to design and manufacture. They can be made from as many as 3, or even a mind numbing 4 components and they have to have holes made in them in a reasonably straight line and at equal spacing. Its all very complicated stuff you know. Give the guy a break, he has only had a MILLION DOLLARS and a year and a half to complete the huge task of designing a useful fully functional watchstrap. I know you are going to say that watch straps are manufactured on production lines that takes no more than minutes to make and that there are hundreds of thousands of designs out there with prices from as little as a few cents or pennies. But you see the Agent Watch Straps, well these are REALLY special. In fact they are a SPECIAL AGENT straps. ... especially if launched on Treck At Risk? @Mi Son, are you suggesting we should steer clear of projects from Slabs Erect + Housefly Goo Rho? @Simon. Do you really think they will have finalised the watch straps? OMG happy days @Simon: Of course you forgot: "thank you very much for your continued support, your significant patience and your kind notes" Welcome to this months Chris Walker Bull Bingo As all the backers nervously wait for Chris Walker to grace us with yet another bunch of flannel dressed up as a malnourished "update" please join me by grabbing your bingo cards. What is on the cards this month do you think? 1) The design team has been working hard again on the watch straps 2) The backlight has been modified 3) The Bezel is near completion 4) The factory/garage/dungeon has had some great lighting installed AND ceiling tiles 5) Have we mentioned the watch straps? 6) Calling AGENT the worlds smartest watch without being ironic 7) Final fit tests again 8) Have we covered the watch straps? Bonus points awarded if he mentions all those writing to him with positive vibes/ how grateful he is to the backers. Extra points if he mentions Secret Labs as if it is a company beyond him What he is likely to say: "Secret Labs and the design team have been working hard on finalising the watch straps" What he is unlikely to say: "Guys here is a fully functioning demo unit just look at the tight integration to IoS /Windows/Android" Fact of the month: Anagram of Chris Walker is "La Crew Shirk". If he had a N in his surname..... Send it my way of you like Richard :) This user's account has been deleted. Interesting point to note: CW has backed 10 projects on KS, 8 of which involved products supplied to backers for their pledge. 1 has long passed the pledge delivery date and delivered nothing; comments about the project are extremely negative (allegations of scam, etc). 3 have delivered products with many complaints of defects, substandard operation or quick failure/short lifetime in the comments. 1 has delivered a base product, but without all addons and platforms of mobile app promised. 1 is almost 12 months late to date, but is apparently in production and nearing delivery. 2 were delivered only a few months late but with very little in the way of complaints about quality/lifespan. I hope he isn't taking notes. Wow! CW logged in today, after just 28 days of absence. @Robert I would chip in $1 for your student debt unless you were studying a non subject in some dreadful Poly. @Chris Jutting - cheers. Yeah I have a soft spot for Lawrence as I fell for a Chris Walker type myself so understand a bit of the pain he is going through. I would certainly buy him a beer when I come to New York. (Yeah Chris Walker I'm coming to New York. Can't WAIT to meet you) <url>"updates" we get are simply now to see how bad the car crash is. It would be good if Chris Walker got some payback but in all honesty after speaking to disti's and looking at his performance on Amazon with the NetDuino thing he hasn't got much of market to destroy. But hey watch this space... @Costanza, hard to see Kickstarter changing their policies much more to protect backers without actually holding in trust a % of backers' money and releasing it only when creators come good. KS won't have a bar of that because it makes them a party to the creator/backer relationship and exposes KIckstarter to liability. At the moment, Kickstarter can say all they are is a platform to introduce backers to creators - like a dating agency. They have been more active lately, cancelling projects before funding finishes, but once the $ bell rings and creators get the money (after KS keeps 5%) there is bugger all that KS can do for backers except go through the motions and reach out to creators and try to get 'em to do the right thing. If Kickstarter could do more, that's when they become enmeshed in lawsuits which is the last thing they want. I note that in the Washington State case, Kickstarter has not been drawn into the proceedings. There was an article I saw a few months ago, maybe more, and it was a VC talking about the difference between being an Angel Investor (AI), a VC, and Kickstarter. There is a common misconception that supporting a Kickstarter campaign gives you equivalent standing as an AI or VC. He laid out a pretty good argument how that is not at all the case. On the flipside, he discussed how Kickstarter is not, and should not, be treated as something like Amazon or online shopping. I can't find the article, but I think this is one of the few projects that falls into the strange grey area where had we been investors in the traditional sense, we would have have more rights of the fundee, but because we were also not shopping online for this watch, we are at the mercy of the project and have to wait and see what happens. I wonder if this type of angst experienced by backers made KS change their policies? I wonder if they will change their policies more to allow backers more 'rights' or develop a Kickstarter Backer Bill of Rights? @Simon Sorry missed your last comment. I tried reaching Lawrence via HoH website, but so far to no avail. KS weaves itself from any liability for irresponsible behavior of project creators (SL). As predicted, AGENT was indeed reduced to a chunky piece of plastic to save costs, and there's not much we can do about it now - or can we? I'm going to have to agree with others. I'd live a refund. I know I won't get it but will request it anyway. This watch will be behind the times when / if it ever comes out. I'm no longer backing "tech " projects due to their large investment high failure rates. Sorry other KS projects. This ruined my opinion of tech ideas. Yeah. I'm really disappointed in the delays. This watch has no innovation anymore. :-( @Simon With due respect, and for your own good, I hope you'll relax and focus on the better things in life, which I'm sure you have plenty. AGENT is DOA by now, and Chris has demonstrated his care... for our ignorance by shutting Lawrence up, and disregarding most, if not all, of us backers. It won't change no matter what we do since, as you may have noticed, CW doesn't give rat's ass about any criticism. That said, your nerves are worth worlds more than the vain, vehement verbal vendetta versus @Creator and few keyboard warriors. Has anyone reached out to Lawrence recently? Perhaps a few emails wouldn't go amiss although s I have stated it is all rather subjective anyway. My only interest now in the project is to see if Chris Walker has gained financially beyond his project management fees (that are richly deserved (/sarcasm) Anyone else want to throw some faux offence about? i'm tiring for waiting a year. i'm tiring. give me my watch, or refund me. please Forget about Apple, Microsoft, Google... Hell, is agent better than a fitbit surge? <url>"Now that LG, Asus, Apple and soon Microsoft have thrown their hats into the arena, just what will now appeal to KS and IGG backers in relation to Smartwatch specifications, look feel etc.to take the risk on backing another fledgling smartwatch business?" @Christopher last login Sept 30... he is a gost, may be the Halloween will push him out and spit out an update on the straps, because this what we are all waiting for, right? Come on @Creator/Chris show us you're still out there hard at work! Simon, as the mother of children with special needs I really take offence to your demeaning attitude and comments towards the special Olympics and people with special needs <url>"participants" medal. Alternatively you have been the comical Ali of this project and I have loved your naivety. If you were an animal you would be a kitten. On a YouTube video. Before it was put in a sack and dumped in the canal. Matt you are the Brick Tamland of AGENT - the worlds "smartest" watch commented on by what, years later doctors will say has a IQ of 48 and am what some people call mentally retarded. Bless Hey SL , best get an update out fast before you get assassinated. He's playing with the sort of money that people would be willing to do serious harm to people for (I am in no way suggesting this or saying that it's my intention - I live across the Atlantic). But knowing that someone has access to almost $1MM must be tempting for some people. Maybe we could make contact with law enforcement and see if they are interested in a possible fraud situation @Matt, you are the best of us. The list is the rest of us. Here's to the Festivus! I cant believe i got missed off the list, was it something i said :) @Joshua - apologies for missing you off the list.You have been very helpful. All : Thanks for the kind words. I do want this project to succeed in whatever fashion it can now, and although I started out whining and thrashing, I am trying to be an effective backer by doubling down on the project. @Daniel : I had, like you, speculated that the Accessory App would be a hard thing to even get started on and my point now was that this turned out not ti be true. Creating accessory apps should not be a blocking issue. As @Rich points out, the Windows Phone platform is extremely accessible and dev-friendly, so that is not likely to be any kind of blocking factor in the development of Agent. I would not suggest that every backer needs to jump on a compiler. The other two platforms (Android and iOS) have similar facilities available for catching notifications. As for what criteria MS uses for whitelisting apps, I have no idea (and I work there) so I can't speculate as to whether the Agent store plans would run afoul of that (ditto for iOS and Android stores) though what you are saying is not an unreasonable assumption for any of the three stores. Problem is, it is all guesswork on our part without progress updates on the software. Personally, my own preferred model would be to distribute the accessory apps for all three platforms through their respective stores and distribute watch apps similarly (embedded as some sort of resource within a regular phone app). Developing a whole ecommerce site, and managing royalty payouts and taxes seems like a huge and maybe unnecessary time and cost expense. Anyone who has published a mobile app can tell you that's a pretty hideous process on all three platforms (every dev has to file some sort of US W9 form and the platform has to emit 1099 forms to the govt and developer). If you really want to monetize every watch app for Agent, there are other ways to do that without taking all that on. The scary thing is that you really can't know what sort of reception your app delivery model will get until AFTER you build it and submit it for review. So submitting early, before the watch is out there, is crucial in case you have to take some sort of design reset to address app-approval issues. Again, anyone who has built a mobile app has encountered this at least once. If, for instance, Apple decides that your model constitutes runtime-extensible functionality (a prohibited feature) then you could be forced into building an app store that works completely independent of the phone - but you can't know that until you submit your app to Apple, because Apple will not comment on design choices before submittal and is notoriously capricious in their decisions. Should we worry about that? Who knows, because in the absence of an update on the software side of things we can't know what hurdles have been crossed and which remain, much less any sort of delivery timeline. However, I suspect that watch straps are not the long pole in the schedule. @Daniel You can build/open a WP app with VSExpress 2013 and deploy it to your own phone for free (the developer license is free now, and is renewed on a monthly basis). LOL, Martin, not all of us are devs... Even if we open source the companion app for WP, it still not only requires others to compile the program using Visual Studio Express but also enabling the installation of homebrew apps through dev center. I'm not quite sure as I have done it a LONG time ago, but doesn't it cost $19 to unlock your phone for homebrew apps (but free if you submit an app to the store within 90 days)? And all that is assuming regular joes could even compile a program. So a first party companion app with Accessory API is necessary. I still doubt that Microsoft would grant SecretLabs access to Accessory API due to third party app store. But maybe Agent could be flashed with the official WP Smartwatch OS... which I HIGHLY doubt due to not having the minimum hardware requirements. G'day everyone. @Nick, nope. No answers publicly or privately. @Simon, a drink? Now you're talking! @Daniel, yeah I don't see that partnership happening again. @Martin, what Joshua said. You're a great asset to this conversation and I apologise for going at you a while ago. @All, sorry for plugging another project here (and I've never done it before) but I highly commend this project <url>"but it is not well documented" That's unlike Microsoft /sarcasm I told you all my take a few months ago. Sure enough Chris Walker called in the lawyers as predicted. He shut down Lawrences facebook updates. He has refused to answer questions because their is no answers. It is my belief that he is now stringing this out due to a combination of arrogance/pride and to ensure that the funds not already spent (which is by my calculation a great deal) is spent in assets that can be used elsewhere. Chris Walker hasn't delivered anything since late 2012. How long before our money dries up? His market must be dwindling. I've spoken to some disti's in the US and UK and they barely shift any NetDuino stuff. Amazon isn't shifting in any particular numbers either - not enough to live on. Chris Walker and his ego made a punt using our money on AGENT and it's blown up in his smug face. I wonder if he will learn his lesson and have some humility? Perhaps one day he will find redemption. But hey keep the comments coming - the suggestion below that we haven't heard anything because of a possible tie up with the MS smart watch has got to be the funniest thing I have read on a tech blog - and I read Wired ! I leave you with a final thought - KS isn't a store. So how many would have invested if 1) the pitch hadn't been that the watch was all but complete? 2) you wouldn't receive a "reward"? I hope I'm wrong but I see no evidence. PS - Roma, Martin and Daniel are legends on this project. If you ever have the misfortune of meeting me I owe you a decent drink. Been away - Were @Roma's Ten Questions ever answered can anyone please tell me? Many Thanks! @Rich: 1 : If you have a product that is in demand, it doesn't take much skill to just take orders and cash checks, so the success of his original/core business is not necessarily an indicator of great business skills. 2 : possibly - there's a lot of carefully crafted language in there, so I'm not sure it's so clear cut 3 : agree wholeheatedly - the updates are laughable for the extent to which they use a lot of words (and cover-your-butt language) to say nothing of interest 4 : He hasn't logged in since Oct 1, and I am not so sure he knows or cares. The last bit of the update 23 ("thanks for the kind words") show about how much he knows/cares about these comments. 5 : speculation, but probably so And yes, in the end, I still want the watch as I still believe it has value, and if nothing else, a deal is a deal and I want what was promised, within the risks and limits of any KS project. @Daniel - Fair points re: a demo or progress report, but I want to offer a clarification : I actually dug into the Microsoft companion app issue in a deep way. It's actually not so hard to do. Actually, any developer can build what Microsoft calls Accessory Apps for Windows Phone 8.1 (Cyan release or later), but it is not well documented and you can't upload them to the Windows Store until/unless your app is 'whitelisted' for this special capability. This is because of the additional privacy and security concerns around giving apps access to things that reach outside the normal app sandbox. But, the bar is not so high after all for getting started on such an app. What Microsoft does need to do is document the process of getting the additional sample components and abstract-interface helper functions. I have been in contact with the people that own these components and have been told that a blog post that explains the technology and the approval process is coming soon. In the meantime, I have a copy of the SDK components and have a working app and will be opening up a codeplex open-source example for a Windows Phone Accessory App sometime between now and Nov 9. If you follow the GHI forums for NETMF, I will post details there. Full disclosure : I am a Microsoft employee whose Microsoft 'day job' is in an area unrelated to WinPhone, NETMF, or anything else being discussed here. Everything I say is my own opinion only and is publicly available information. I do not speak for Microsoft. Could you count me in on that refund list as well, please. I already wrote them about three weeks ago that I would rather prefer a refund than receiving an totally outdated smart watch... I'm still waiting on a demo with the OS with all the companion apps. I especially like to see the companion app running in background for WP, as this is something Microsoft isn't allowing us, third-party developers, to do ourselves. The fact is CW has refused to demonstrate or even answer the question that we asked him multiple times with either a yes or no is disturbing. Hell, months back he showed a screenshot of where he wants the agent dev kit to be, where's the update? There doesn't seem to be much progress in that area either. Most that we know right now from CW is about straps and how he could have used our money to make home improvements... Ask Lawrence if he'd be interested in partnering up with CW ever again. It's disturbing to me as a backer that all these little micro-updates are happening behind the scenes. If Lawrence isn't able to post these here as updates, why is he able to give them out to individuals? The legal consequences of "releasing details" is the same. @Martin - I'm with you on your perspective, you have a really good handle on what is going on. Where I need to be convinced is that there was lack of intent to benefit financially through KS. Here's why: 1. Chris has run a successful business for years, hence must have 'some' skill or resource to manage projects enough to get stuff done in the area of micro-electronics and related software. 2. The original project campaign was clearly not true and purposefully mislead potential backers about where the project was at that time. 3. The project updates are way off-track. No one is at all interested in the details being offered. And the simple, quick questions backers are asking are being completely ignored. A 'smart' business person would understand what they are doing and hence be doing this with intention. 4. In my mind, there is no way Chris hasn't read at least some of these comments or Lawrence hasn't commented to him about them. I'm quite sure he is aware of the general displeasure and that backers are asking to be treated reasonably (as per KS terms). So ignoring backer requests is being done purposefully. 5. The perfectionist mindset is admirable but all business people realize you need to ship at some point. Chris knows he is really behind schedule and should realize that at this point things need to get completed. Don't get me wrong - I'm still hoping things are on-track and watches are still being produced and sent to backers at some point. Its just that my spidey senses keep going off about little details here and there that make me wonder. I hope I'm proven otherwise. Picked up a pebble steel today. Anyone want to buy my paperweight? @Paul F, rumors say 2 days battery life from Microsofts device. Hardly what I'd consider long. Anyway, I like to check in with Lawrence once in a while and lately he said CW claims the OS is complete. I wonder why he doesn't show it to us since we've been demanding it for months now. No, the Kreyos text is a post-mortem - a "why we failed". I hope we don't need to read one of those soon. What I want is an honest "where we are" that covers the status of all of the work still in flight, and a plausible timeline. Not just an update on watch straps and real estate. I agree with what you are saying about the Moment - I didn't know about that one but reading it now, it does seem high risk. I didn't get that sense about Agent because the tech is all off-the-shelf stuff or software tasks that I can get my head around. It was an exercise in project management, software engineering, and delivery - not next-level engineering or manufacturing. Apple is an interesting case. When they wanted to make Mac Air and Pro from Aluminum, they bought 10,000 CNC machines. They have the money for that sort of thing. If you see a project that daring - say on the Mac Air or event Moment scale - you need to wonder how plausible it is to pull off that big an engineering stretch. Agent, again, was not that sort of an engineering stretch and was touted as mostly complete, so it should have come together much more smoothly IMHO. I think you are right about naivety and perhaps over-fascination with tech details distracting from just plain delivering. I get no sense of a purposeful scam, but mostly, the real train wreck is the PR management of the situation. So would you say that the rather long winded, but certainly believable story given in the Kreyos mess at IGG <url>"factory space" - as seen in the photo in the last update. <url>"We've created the first smartwatch that doesn't compromise, with both unparalleled battery life and powerful watch apps. With two-way communication to smartphones and amazing developer tools that you can download today. And with so much more." Should be their downfall they claim to already have made the product - so they're saying in 16 months they can't mass produce or ship any out? @elad actually stocks give you a lot more right and control over the company such as electing board of directors etc I am and have been officially requesting a refund immediately. People give up you will never get a refund. You can only pray that the watch will send to you. You chose to back this project it's the same like invest your money in stocks no one promise you that you earn money. Consolidated List of People not getting a refund 252 Mandeng Chen 251 OSKEE 250 Badr Fikree 249 Richard Paik 248 Andy 247 antytom 246 Jose Castro 245 Alan Davies 244 Stephen Husak 243 Justin R. Davis 242 arckal 241 Scottsmith95 240 Michael Paul Meara 239 FY Long 238 Pietro Blu Giandonato 237 Chucky 236 Mark Longden 235 Alan Tang This is a partial list. To see the full list, visit <url>"We've spent the last year crafting the world's smartest watch". I am curious, what part of the watch had they spent a year crafting? Ive spent the last three years constructing an idea for a business myself  and all Ive got is a sketch on a piece of paper and the idea in my head. It's unfortunate where this project is at. It's a great lesson for creators - if you don't have the right project management skills to stay on schedule, you need to find someone who does, and kickstarter is meant to be a community effort and regular communication between creators and backers keep the social aspect of crowdfunding positive. If you dont think you can handle that, find someone who has those communications skills and bring them onboard. And for backers - sometimes things go well, sometimes they don't. There are no guarantees in crowdfunding anything. I am dismayed that when this watch does eventually get made, shipped, and arrive at my door, I won't likely use it. I'm waiting for MS to officially get on the smartwatch bandwagon, and will completely make this obsolete with the major mobile OS companies throwing multiple millions of dollars at the smartwatch product line. Secret Labs was pretty smart trying to make one watch to rule all the mobile OSes, but it's not a feat for a small company without hundreds of engineers of each discipline on their payroll. Each of the big three will likely start to court watchmakers and work to develop their own line of boutique smartwatches. Maybe they will have an interchangeable analog and digital module. Either way, this was truly ambitious, but poorly executed. I would be very interested to see a detailed execution schedule that existed from the moment the idea was conceived, the day of the crowdfunding campaign launch, and today. What has changed? Did they ever look at it after finalizing that first draft? I'll periodically have moments of clarity and remember to check this for comments and updates, but I don't think I'll be funding anything on Kickstarter, or any crowdfunding site, for a long time. There are too many good idea fairy projects without the proper backed support, and sadly as the funding public, we either don't know that up front, or don't care, and glibly throw money at the computer screen. @Alex, probably because CW sicced his lawyer on him for actually contributing. Its sad Lawrence had vanished now to I agree to @Daniel. Chris Walker Secret Labs should ship the QI charger. They pretended they had ordered thousand of parts. So, then start to assemble and ship at least the charger! @Jeremy OK, say he's a fraud. This should be a known risk when you give money to a stranger on the internet. It was still your decision to support the project. <url>"As we move towards production, our main challenges are in final integration, wireless certifications, and parts deliveries." This was just plain bullshit because he was nowhere near final integration at that time - his recent updates place the watch still squarely in the 'design phase' over 12 months later. Chris had some very slick marketing with what looked like a fully functioning prototype that was of production quality. This turned out to not be true - whether this was an embellishment of the facts or an out right swizz intentionally fooling people, well that's for you to make your mind up on. But the possibility that Chris was going to prove incompetent was part of the risk. Kickstarter just facilitates you paying money to a stranger you met on the internet. It's your job to evaluate the risk. In @Ben's world of chargebacks KS is unsustainable because either they have to cover the cost of failed projects or they have to exclude any project that is the slightest bit risky. At that point it just becomes a bank. @nailerr I think most of us understand the risks of backing a project but that's when we're given honest and open information at the decision making stage. The creator held back on (at best) or lied to us about where the product was. @Ben Baskaran it's not the credit card company that eats the charge it's the person who got paid (usually with a fee) so in this case it will be Amazon that get hit. Consolidated List of People not getting a refund 248 Francois Gauthier 247 Ajay sachdeva 246 Richard Paik 245 andy 244 Alan Davies 243 Stephen Husak 242 Justin R. Davis 241 Scottsmith95 240 arckal 239 scottksmith95 238 Michael Paul Meara 237 FY Long 236 Pietro Blu Giandonato This is a partial list. To see the full list, visit <url>"The Teflon" through your back channels? nailerr, your attitude is weird. You're siding with the people whose product (which was apparently ready to go when the Kickstarter ended) is now over a year late; and not with the people who feel legitimately annoyed at losing their money? I'm so disappointed you are leaving Simon. @Martin Calsyn - Any news squire? When I get back in the country I'm likely going to get a credit card chargeback if only to avoid reading comments from @Matt Mayatt whose IQ seems to be in the same ballpark as the months this project has been delayed. The reality is that in this model Amazon, Kickstarter and the Creator operate under zero risk. If the creator decides not to continue anymore then they can stop with no obligation to return your money. In the UK if you pay through a credit card then the credit card company are liable in the US you do not appear to have the same protection The person who figures how to crowdfund tech projects without such a high failure rate could probably make a lot of money. Not sure who you sue and for what. If the companies had any money they wouldn't need to beg for charity on Kickstarter. Plus they could probably mitigate that risk by running the campaign under an LLC. This is also NOT "not a shop" either. Kickstarter is in a grey area until we get the law involved. State of Washington is battleground #1. The agreement here is that, with our pledges, we should get our "gifts" with appropriate expectations of delays. And it the "gift" is not delivered, seek our own legal action. 2013* Can we see a demo of the functioning OS along with what will come stock on the watch and answer if there are a 100% complete... We have heard nothing about these in detail since update #15 on December 1, 3013.... not cool @nailerr +1 If you are expecting a refund then you should have understood what backing a project means. You put money into an idea; there were always going to be risks of delay or project failure. This is what Indigogo, KickStarter and all similar sites are about, backing ideas because you believe they are good. You can feel disappointed, of course. You can perhaps be upset but I'd recommend you also understand what you are doing when you put money into something. This is not a shop, many of us put money in and knew there may be no product at the end but we did share the same desire. That is the risk. This project is incredibly late and the updates are rare but they do contain information when they come. There are plenty of other projects that do a better job of informing their backers and I appreciate it when they do. NFC Ring is a good example of transparency. Ultimately I am kind of sick of the whining. I want this watch, I wanted it months ago. But that is just how backing a project goes. Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including this header then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 247 Ajay sachdeva 246 Richard Paik 245 andy 244 Alan Davies 243 Stephen Husak 242 Justin R. Davis 241 Scottsmith95 240 arckal 239 scottksmith95 238 Michael Paul Meara 237 FY Long 236 Pietro Blu Giandonato This is a partial list. To see the full list, visit <url>#FML ... :'( Yes all know that the iwatch is coming soon. by the time the watch ready for production, brand new apple watch will be ready off the shelf too. I will disappoint somebody again this Christmas if my Agent does not ship. Will be just an box with a photo of the watch inside. wonder what's going to come first, agent watch or iwatch mmm. @Nick.... @Creator last login was Sept 30th. He has to login to actually respond to comments. But @Roma's question are good. I would even add #10, post a picture of the team, selfie not allowed :-) 1. Is the OS done, tested and ready to go? If not, when? 2. What functionality will we have re iOS, Android and Windows Phone out of the box? 3. Are the companion phone apps for the above done? If not, when? 4. Talk about changing backlights and the charging coil makes me shudder. What else is not locked down? 5. What will the case body and lenses be made from? If not decided exactly, what are the options still on the table? 6. When do you expect to start assembly? Will HoH be involved in that? 7. When do you expect to start shipping? 8. Will KS backers get their AGENTs before anyone else does? 9. What support levels/standards can backers expect? Clear and concise answers please, Chris. @Roma - You make some great points & raise some excellent questions - we must keep reposting them so they do not get pushed under the tsunami of other comments. We should be rejoicing I suppose really as we now have question 6 answered - unfortunately that's only one out of nine! So once again we find ourselves being kettled into a holding pen awaiting the next Update in November by our master & leader - CW! Our only hope is that LL reveals a few more nuggets of pure gold, in the sense of us being rewarded by him relaying us news from the front line. However, I think it's getting very close before the Wizard (CW) has to come out from behind the curtain, where he's been hiding for nigh on nine months! Surely at this stage he cannot be as ignorant as to ignore the comments & be immune to the sense of feeling that his followers have been making a stance at? Surely not? I don't think any Project Creator can continuously ignore these comments, or the ever growing list of over 200 refund requests or the general mood of his Backers & not placate them with any of the answers that are almost on repeat?! The lack of transparency can't be shrouded in CW's mystical cover for much longer as this is turning from a PR Agents Dream assignment to one that no matter how thick you try to cover the cracks the devastation left behind is nigh on irreparable in todays marketplace where there is no place left now for the AGENT. Too little, too late, I'm afraid. So Chris if you're listening in your tower, let down your drawbridge & answer eight simple questions. You never know you might make some friends down here! I dare you........! C'mon?! Oh, come on, Justin. It's an expensive antique. If we raise enough hell on this project, this watch might just sell for $1000 on eBay just for a piece of kickstarter history. Be positive! I get a kick out of reading the comments here....IF we ever get our watches, and however long that's going to be, they're probably going to be about as useful as an abacus. @badr - you have more chance of ISIS admitting that chopping people's heads off isn't such a great idea. While waving a US flag. And eating a bacon sandwich. We definitely ain't gonna get the Agent this year. So this project is now 10 months late, will we be getting a product before Dec 2015? Honestly asking now, there are backers who have been waiting since June last year! Thanks @Roma I stand corrected. He says that they completed most of the work at significant cost to himself. The question of Chris Walkers figures still needs addressing though. In addition the kickstarter project is now a lifetime tech wise overdue so it still doesn't address your real concerns around functionality of the watch. @Simon, not being able to help myself, from Chris' comment on 2 June: "@Kingwild ... There are things we're able to do with additional funding, but we completed most of the engineering work required for the baseline AGENT Smartwatch before we asked for funding through Kickstarter. With the huge investment we put into AGENT before Kickstarter (pretty much everything we could afford to invest into it--almost to the breaking point) ..." @Simon, from a comment here by Chris Walker some time ago we actually do have an indication that he has put his (or his company's) own money into this project, almost to breaking point was my sense of it. I can't be bothered trawling through his comments but he did say it. @Simon, the netduino is very often used in actual products and systems so to call it a "hobbyists NetDuino" is not fair to Chris. The current Netduino products are very neat and nicely produced system boards. Based on that the early prototypes where already produced by SL before this kickstarter was started it seems rather strange to say they have not put in any money of their own. So I really think it is not the question if they are going to produce them but on what time line they do it. @spaztastic - I would agree but then as others have noted Chris Walker has very similar business interests to the AGENT project with his hobbyists NetDuino line. A space is space and it can be used for a number of things - especially as the single photo we have had looks like garage sized. Has he put his own money in? Well we have no indication of that. If it was your money would be cocking a project up this badly? I'm also not saying all the money has gone (we have no record how much Anthony cost or how much Chris Walker is taking out of the account for his immense project management), just saying that based on Chris Walkers own figures posted here he doesn't have enough to produce 5,500 watches. If he lied to us with those figures then we have to ask why. You also have to think about ongoing costs. The longer the project goes on the longer the unnexpected costs. How much are those costs and what contingency was built in at day one? When a project is this badly managed you think rigorous accounting is in place? You think that a project with an original goal of $100K was well planned when the founder of the project claimed after the project started that engineers are expensive (eg $100K a year)? @Simon That's also assuming that SL has put zero funds in the kitty. At this far along it would seem absurd to continue (ie leasing assembly space) if there were no funds available but then again.... @Roma Question 6 - I asked Lawrence that and the reply is: "I was never contracted to assemble the watch. I do plan to help and recommend how best to to go about the assembly process." Although I appreciate your questions being asked again you have failed to ask the key one: Do you have enough money left to produce, package and distribute at least 5,500 watches? Based on his own figures posted here he doesn't. So is he a liar? @Creator: Chris, in your quick update posted as a comment here on 12 September you said this: " ... I know that our team is way over our estimated dates on the physical parts for this project and I really appreciate the generous patience of our backers. As we receive watch cases we will expedite the final integration stage and share details of that process so we can all get this cool new smartwatch technology and product into production together. Chris P.S. Thank you to all the backers who have reached out with offers of help and expressions of support. We're very blessed to have such a great group of backers. I'm humbled by your kindness." Backers - patient, generous, kind, supportive, humble you. Chris, I can assure you that those seem like hollow words when, after 9 months delay on a 6 month project, you post such scant information as you did in Update 23. Can you not see that? How about redeeming yourself by answering the following questions clearly and concisely? 1. Is the OS done, tested and ready to go? If not, when? 2. What functionality will we have re iOS, Android and Windows Phone out of the box? 3. Are the companion phone apps for the above done? If not, when? 4. Talk about changing backlights and the charging coil makes me shudder. What else is not locked down? 5. What will the case body and lenses be made from? If not decided exactly, what are the options still on the table? 6. When do you expect to start assembly? Will HoH be involved in that? 7. When do you expect to start shipping? 8. Will KS backers get their AGENTs before anyone else does? 9. What support levels/standards can backers expect? Clear and concise answers please, Chris. Finally, you offered to show more pics of the factory. As per Martin Calsyn's request, please post a video of a working AGENT movement (not necessarily in the case) receiving a notification from any phone ... taken in the factory. Thank you. Yeah where's the OS at? @Roma, @Adam, looks like the 'Epic' watchphones aren't exactly new - search for 'swap nova phone' and you'l see the pendant phone that they show in several of their images - 2012.... Good to see Lawrence's updates, feels likeAgent is moving along - but I'd be even happier if @Creator posted more OS and operational details as per myriad requests below... Thank you Lawrence! It's FINALLY starting to look like a watch! Yay! So, the question we ALL would like to know, when will we receive the Agent? Ballpark guesstimate here that nobody will hold you or Chris to, approximately when do you think the Agent will go into production & begin shipping to backers? ...Q4 '14, Q1 '15 or ?? Thank you! I wish there are some news on the OS since we have constant updates on the actual watch. Wanted to see a preview of a working OS. @Adam, Not suggesting you were. I just enjoy wordplay! Turns out they've also launched here <url>"proprietary" @Chris Jutting, it was about holding the coil in place at the back of the case. Well this is kinda cool: <url>"Designed for repair and recycling including replaceable battery". How would using glue have reconciled with that? Thank you for contributing here.. Lawrence, do you have any idea where this assembly space is supposed to be? Did Chris use our money to fund a home improvement project? Where are the pics? They belong here - on Kickstarter! I do not have wastebook and the firewalls are set to block it (the only intelligent decisions in my mind). Thanks Lawrence. See Chris walker ? It isn't really that hard. Lawrence - has Chris answered the questions you raise yet? Seems Chris walker now has some real pressure to show what the actual watch can do now. Bravo on the update and photos - great to see! @fmotta - if someone steps up and helps out, how is that a bad thing? If a backer putting in time or effort in addition to their pledge makes this come in sooner or better, you bet I'd do it and happily so. That doesn't obligate anyone else nor devalue anyone's reward and frankly a manager who knows when and how to accept help is a good manager, not a lazy one. 3-4 month lead time for leather straps? That seems kind of insane. Thanks Lawrence for keeping us updated. Looking real nice Lawrence :) Hi Everyone, Here are some more photos of the back of the AGENT001 watch so you can visually understand how the movement holder fits inside the watch case. <url> Completed. Please let me know if you have any questions. All the dimensions are in the file named  case hole, case back, coil size.pdf Also, in the file named : Caseback Versions Side BY Side.jpg , you can see all the casebacks side by side. The last one in Red is the one with larger holes so the screws can fit perfectly. Caseback Gasket  The gasket will be inserted in the groove that you can see in file Gasket Groove on Caseback The caseback will then be screwed onto the watch creating the water resistant seal. This gasket will be made once the molding fee is paid. Caseback Crystal  Complete. You can see both the clear and blacked out version of the crystals in the file Caseback crystals (black and clear) The dimensions can be found here: case hole, case back, coil size.pdf Caseback Printing  Please let me know what you would like printed in the caseback of the AGENT001 and I will whip up the design for you! Silicone Strap  Can we please discuss my suggestion of the new supplier. Anthony told me that you (Chris Walker) wanted to speak to me about the straps. -If you do want to go ahead with the new manufacturer and with a corrected design. Please let me know what changes you want made to the silicone strap design so I can get you a new version. I know you want me to remove the House of Horology from the longer end of the strap. Also, you want the dust proof coating. What other changes would you like made? -Also, when do you plan to gauge the customers strap choices? The sooner the better! Leather Strap  Straps are done I had the buckles redone from a brushed finish to a sandblasted finish and that is what delayed them. They will be in in a few weeks. When do you plan to gauge the customers strap choices? The sooner the better! **Leather strap lead-time is 3  4 months** Price Quotes  I have given you all of the quotes that you requested including the PC (plastic) case. Are there any other quotes that you are interested in having? The Acetate price you requested is coming soon as well. Please get back to me with any questions of if anything in the review above is unclear. Chris, when will we be able meet up or get on a call? Im really looking forward on finishing this watch with you. By the way, our manufacturer is also making one of the biggest smart watches out right now that was just released! The first order was 100,000 from a very reputable company. Our manufacturer is good - real good!! Ill tell you more when we speak. All the best, Lawrence HOH Watches Hi Everyone, Hope all is well! Below is a detailed update that shows some of House of Horologys work on the AGENT001 highlighting some changes and remaining challenges. The update below is an actual email/letter sent from House of Horology over to Secret Labs last week on 9/23/14. I will post an addition to this update soon as well to highlight the changes and updates made since last week. I will also consolidate the old photos that I have posted in the past and get them up soon as well. Photo references are posted here on House of Horologys facebook page  <url> Complete. Do you have any questions about the case? Photos for comparison BEFORE  file name - Agent case with inner filleted corners OLD.jpg AFTER  file name - AGENT001 Case without inner fillets NEW.jpg Pushers  Complete. Do you have any questions about the pushers? Before and After photos for reference  Old pusher vs. new pusher side view 1a.jpg & Old pusher vs. new pusher side view 1b.jpg Hex Screws  Complete. Do you have any questions about the hex screws? Top Crystal  Complete. Do you have any questions about the Top Crystal? Front Bezel  please see the changes that were made to the bezel in the file named - Agent001 bezel drawing NEWandOLD.pdf -We removed a wall portion for the screens tail -We adjusted the outer walls (around the perimeter) of the bezel so that the bezel fits the watchs case perfectly and does not shift about -We created a wall that holds the screen in place that is the exact height of the screen -We shifted the legs on the bezel so they fit into the backlight holder once placed inside the watch. They did not match up beforehand. -The exact changes that were made in the file mentioned above Where do you plan to manufacture the front bezel? Screen  The screen now sits nicely between the 3 walls that were created on the back of the bezel. The 4th wall, which the screen sits against, is on the 6oclock side watch case wall. It sits in the watch perfectly snug using those 4 walls. Backlight  (Referring to the actual working) We are waiting on the actual backlight and the design specs to adjust the backlight holder. Backlight holder - please see the changes that were made to the backlight holder in the file named  backlight OLD vs. NEW.pdf -We changed the outer angles so that they match the inner case -We shortened the backlight holder by .23mm so that it fits the inside the case. -We had to shift the holes on the backlight holder a bit so that the bezels legs would match up with them. -We removed the bars on both sides of the light sensor hole (we can add these back if you need them for the backlight, it is easy for us to make any adjustments you need to the bezel holder) -Where do you plan to manufacture the backlight holder? **Once we get the design of the actual backlight that sits inside including the location of the connection rods, we will make the necessary adjustments to the holder so that the rods and connections comes through perfectly** Movement (circuit board)  How is everything going regarding the addition of a contact point to the movement (circuit board) so the pusher can have something to interact with? We will most likely have to adjust the movement holder after you complete the movement, but that will be quick and painless. **I have in my hands the movement that was shipped to me that has the example I wanted you to see. Also as Ive mentioned it cant leave my hands either so would you like to meet up so that you can review it?** Movement (circuit board) // Inner case Holder  the movement holder is as complete as it can be as it can be without having a completed movement in hand and understanding how the wires from the coil will connect to the movement and how the wires from the coil will run inside the watch. Description of the fit (please refer to file AGENT001 movement holder Version2 ) - The perimeter of the movement holder is .05mm smaller than the perimeter of the inside of the watch case. The movement holder is 4.7mm in height because the distance from the movement to the caseback is 5mm and we needed to remove another .3mm for the coil shield to be sandwiched between the movement holder and the caseback outer ring. This sandwiching is going to hold the coil in place, while the actual coil section (minus the shield) will sit/protrude through the caseback outer ring into the hollow section behind the crystal into the caseback opening. The reason I chose this as the construction is because it places the coil extremely close to the caseback crystal and holds it well in place without having to use any glue. A couple of other things I wanted to mention about this holder. 1) The bridge that you see in the file named AGENT001 movement holder Version2 goes over what I think is the buzzer/alarm (sounds maker) that sits on the backside of the movement. 2) Lastly, there are cutouts for all the sections where you can add contact points on the movement. This allows you to cut out those sections of the movement if you need to so you can add the contact points any way you want. File names of movement holder 3D images: First Version of movement holder - Agent001 movement holder V1 OLD.jpg Second Version of movement holder  AGENT001 movement holder Version2 Coil  please refer to file case hole, case back, coil size.pdf -The file shows the dimensions of the case, caseback and then on the bottom it shows the dimensions that the coil should have. Please design the coil shield so that it has the perimeter of the inside of the watch case minus .05mm so it fits inside nicely. Also, please leave the section where the tail of the screen goes through on the inside of the case out of the caseback shield because that is were we plan on dropping the outer end of the coil through so that it can be connected to the movement/battery. Choosing a coil design & why we made our decision: There were 3 options that we weighed for how/where the coil should sit. 1  Inside the caseback  would be hard to drop the coil ends thought to the battery and would be stuck inside and may break when the caseback is removed during any after sales servicing. 2  Inside the case  this option would leave the coil too far from the caseback crystaland too far from the wireless charging station. 3  Partially inside the case and partially inside the caseback  WINNER :D.. We chose this solution because it allows the shield to be extremely secure (between the caseback and the movement holder as explained in the previous Movement holder section) while also allowing the coil to sit extremely close to the crystal on the caseback. QUESTIONS about the Coil : 1) This question refers to one of ends of the coil that needs to be connected to the battery. Im specifically referring to the end that sits by the center of the coil/shield. Can the coil end that sits by the inner part of the shield that needs to connect to the battery drop thought the center of the shield into the watch by adding a hole next to the magnet so that it does not need to be run across the coil to the edge and then get pulled down? If the inside coil part runs across the coil it adds another appx .5mm and makes the construction sloppy. I dont know much about electronics but I assume that you cant have it run across anyway because of some electrical issue. 2) Can you please illustrate to me how the coil connects to the movement/batter? 3) How long do you think it will take you to make the first coil with these dimensions and specs? I have put togother a bunch of photos of the back construction and sizing so you can have a better idea of what im talking about above. The files are named: -How I measure the coil .3mm.jpg -Coil shield mesures appx .3mm .jpg -How I measure the case depth .jpg -Distance from the movement to the caseback 5mm.jpg -measurement of inside of case from movement to caseback.jpg -Coil shield sandwiched between caseback and case holder view from inside (with old version of the holder).jpg -Coil shield sandwiched between caseback and case holder view from back.jpg Lawrence HOH Watches (continued in the next post) Hi Simon, 1) Chris was on Tuesdays call and we have another call planned at 2pm today. 2) I was never contracted to assemble the watch. I do plan to help and recommend how best to to go about the assembly process. 3) Same answer as in question #2 but in regards to support - I plan to help and advise. best, Lawrence HOH Watches Thanks Lawrence. :) I could have worded that better I guess. Like "Can you get Chris Walker to answer the questions Roma and I have raised?". Questions for you as you're around - 1) Has Chris Walker honoured the agreement to be on a conference call with you twice a week? 2) Are you assembling the watch as originally contracted? 3) Will you be supporting the watch? If not who will? Many thanks Hi Everyone, Hope all is well! I will shortly be posting my review that I sent over to Secret Labs last week as well as posting a link to House of Horologys facebook page where you can find the photos being referred to. I will also be posting an addition to that letter later this week as well with more photos to accompany it. @Simon  Hi. In all fairness, I did reply to your second to last email in which you posted what I wrote to you here on the comments section. I hope you understand why I did not reply to your last email which you can see below : Hey Lawrence Update 23 is a insult to you and the backers. What planet is Chris on? What can you do to get him to be honest with us? -Simon I am working hard to get this watch complete for you and the rest of all the backers. I think that if I answered the email above it would not be positive and I am trying to stay away from anything like that. Hope you understand. best, Lawrence HOH Watches Well, I have taken some pretty pointed swipes at Chris and Secret Labs (which I don't take back - they were earned), but also said that I want the watch and that I want to help out, but what I didn't do is make that offer concrete and in private email directly to the principals. I have done that now, via PM and email - offered to help free of charge and with SL retaining rights to my work, in any way that would help the project ship. I sent that to Chris (via PM) and also to Lawrence (via email) in case he might choose to help make a case for accepting such help. I have no idea what sort of help they might accept or which might be most effective, but I also don't want to just whine about a project off the rails without also offering to help fix it. Lawrence has been great but he hasn't replied to my last two emails. Also note he hasn't been back on here. I'll give both a try. @Martin, have you tried a PM? Or you could ask Lawrence Leyderman to pass on a message. He is very helpful. <email> I think the time has come to stop talking about refunds, they aren't going to happen and just let the project take it's course. If I get the watch at some point in the future great, if not, well it has soured me on kickstarter and I'll put my money into leading edge products and not bleeding edge products. @creator, most of this could have ben avoided if you had just communicated, most of your backers appear to have some history of development and software so we would have understood the delays and many would probably have offered to get involved and help out. All you have achieved is the alienation of almost the entire backer group. Show of commitment : probably so. If he is sweating over every word, he really needs some PR help across the board. I actually talked to him once some time ago. I used to run an online store in Barcelona and he was pitching doing a Netduino distributor deal (which we already sold, but sourced from Sparkfun). He's an enthusiastic and talented fellow. I have no ill will toward him, I just smell all the scent of a runaway project and I really would like to find a way to a) get his attention and b) support his success in some effective way. @Martin, maybe trumpeted as a sign of commitment to the project. And/or not a lot else to say? I would really like Chris to answer those questions. I did them quickly because I thought there was a chance he'd be lurking around and might fire off some responses to backers' comments. He's done that before. The chances of getting answers have dimmed considerably. Snowball. Hell. ...and although I am not so certain that rewards are going to be delivered (still hope for one, just don't see it as a certainty), I do agree that refunds and lawsuits aren't going anywhere. I definitely defer to Roma's info on the leased space - I wouldn't count that as an 'asset' of course since it is leased. I do think it is an awfully bizarre thing to trumpet though given much more relevant questions being out there and unanswered. I'm not so sure I agree with the 'too important to fail' assessment, because in the absence of information to the contrary, it could already be 'dead man walking'. I agree with the scale of the blowback, but that doesn't make it impossible to fail, just costly. @Olaf, I happen to know Chris Walker has been trying to find suitable assembly space to lease for at least three months. SL/Chris will be rent-paying tenants. Any fitout work done by the landlord will be amortised through a higher rent. I agree SL/Chris can't afford to let the project go under. They would face massive adverse publicity, lawsuits, etc and the damage to their reputation would be immense. I have no doubt they will deliver, no matter how long it takes. Because the Kickstarter rules were so lax when this project went to air, and because Chris is still in communication with backers and the project is inexorably grinding forward, all the complaining will come to nowt, refunds won't be given and nobody's going to run a serious law suit. I agree the communication is dreadful but it's enough and Chris would be making that calculation and sweating over every single word he chooses with every update or comment he writes. Also, I think we will get a high quality product. The tech might be outdated and style is subjective but the materials, build and reliability will be AGENT halllmarks. Why? Because those qualities are associated with SL products and Chris can say "yeah, it took a while but check out the quality". Chris can't afford to deliver a piece of crap because that's almost as harmful to his reputation as delivering nothing at all. In time, the fuss will die down and we'll all move on. Chris had plans for AGENT 2 etc but I don't know whether or not he still does. This project might have scarred him as much as it's turned off many backers. If he does make another one, I'm not closed to buying it but it'll be an actual product not a dream. edit : "... and we are fairly impotent to do anything about it." @olaf - I agree that no refund is forthcoming - that list is now just a way to express frustration. Although I believe that Chris Walker is going through the motions, I have very low confidence that rewards are coming either. The reason I believe that is because of the lack of answers to Roma's 10 questions. Answers there would significantly change the conversation here. It seems like a complete no-brainer strategy to answer those, unless the answers completely give up the game and reveal that there's nothing coming. As for Secret Labs as a company, I strongly believe that it is a one-man show. They may hire out certain work on a task or project basis, but all evidence so far points to Chris Walker being the sole hand behind the company. So the "company's" interests and motivations and Chris' are one in the same, excepting that the LLC shields Chris personally. In the event rewards are delivered (yeah, outdated, but delivered) then Secret Labs and Chris can build future business using the infrastructure we financed. That's one of the things Kickstarter is supposed to enable and I'm all for it. However if the project fails and no rewards are delivered, then Secret Labs (and sole beneficiary Chris Walker) still keeps the infrastructure and can build future business with that and we walk away fairly impotent to do anything about it. All of that implies that dragging out the delivery and making plausible dual-use purchases without actually closing down the project isn't a completely unreasonable strategy for him. This is all speculation on my part based on what I am seeing and it's just my opinion. Again, Chris could dispel this completely by answering those 10 questions, clearly and completely. There's no threat to IP in them - they are legitimate project status questions. It only reinforces my suspicion of shenanigans when we don't get those answers. This user's account has been deleted. @FY Long So the moment that Apple watch comes out you can program it is using .NET? @Jeremy Secret Labs is a company, so I think they own the building NOT Chris walker. So they pay the rent, and I think even a lot of stuff that gets done is not being paid by the backers money but coming from the Secret Labs company. The company it self cannot let the project go under. @Krog Yes it is fun to see that list growing because we all(well at least most of us)know that a refund is not going to happen and everyone is just getting their reward. What will be funny that when the watch is released next year, Apple Watch will be out. And AGENT will be obsolete the moment it is out of the door! Justin R. Davis about 7 hours ago Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including this header then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 244 243 Stephen Husak 242 Justin R. Davis 241 Scottsmith95 240 arckal 239 scottksmith95 238 Michael Paul Meara 237 FY Long 236 Pietro Blu Giandonato 235 Mark Longden 234 Alan Tang 233 Ang Ming Sze 232 Dimitrij Kobozev 231 Ray Seah 230 Joe Kelly 229 Andy Siu 228 Ben Spencer 227 Aydin Sipaloglu 226 Michael 225 Serg Pearl Margaritov 224 Shunichi Kobayashi 223 Chris Davies 222 Joseph Lemire 221 Ben Abrams 220 Peter Question 11. What is the monthly rent at the factory space, how long do you intend to rent it after delivery to continue providing service of watches, and what is the factory's address? I don't have a lot to add to the discussion anymore, which is why I haven't posted in awhile. This new "update" is quite frankly appalling. It is clear Chris walker no longer cares what we say on here, as evidenced by his lack of response to anything we've asked in months. Once again, the following is public information to do with what you will: Chris Walkers mobile phone number is (917)324-6006. Maybe he will engage backers who call him frequently It's fun to watch the refund list grow bigger after every lame update we get. Just to stir up the conspiracy theorists amongst us........ In the update, Chris mentions how they are expanding when talking about the new factory space, then goes on to talk about what the building owner is having put in. 1000 square feet is a fairly small factory size, but a heck of a home addition. Therefore, we can only conclude that Chris is the building owner, the building is his house, and when this fiasco finally concludes in whatever manner it ultimately does, he'll have a hell of a nice home addition to remember all of us suckers by. @Simon comedy gold! FIVE GREAT THINGS YOUR AGENT WATCH CAN DO The board wants positive so here is me being positive. With delivery of AGENT just 5 months away* lets look into the future to think what we will be doing in 2015 when we open the box** and see our AGENT watches for the first time. What will you do with it? Here are some ideas 1) Use it for your Cosplay costume. Lets face it some of you are nerds and youre bound to have some obscure character that has a communications device to speak into. You could even get the screen to flash and stuff. 2) Wobbly table stopper. You know the problem. Weve all been there. AGENT is perfectly designed to be stuck under an errant leg. Measuring just 16mm the watch face made of premium Perspex is bound to be up to the job*** 3) Chastity Device. Fornication and adultery is bad. Sex before marriage is even worse. Avoid teenage pregnancy by giving your son and daughter this device. It will almost guarantee they will never get laid. 4) Electric Lego set. We all love building stuff right? The watch will come ready built****. Simply take all apart and then try and rebuild it. Can you manage to beat the mysterious creator and build it in less than 2 years? Fun for all the family 5) Butt plug. Carry it around with you, especially if youre in New York or visiting Microsoft developer shows. If you get to see Chris Walker help him stick it up his backside, preferably sideways. It will remind you of the shafting he has given HoH and us the backers. SEE? I can do positive when needed. *please note this is subject to change and likely will be longer. If at all **dont count on a branded presentation box . It will likely be a jiffy bag ***screen may smash but then the screen could be non existent ****this may not be the case. Depends how many 10 year old chinese workers Chris can employ with the remaining funds Thank you @Martin for your comments. I agree re the expenses. The "factory" despite it's diminutive size is still an asset. I wonder what terms it has been acquired. A part of me is Chris is trolling us and rubbing our noses in it. He hasn't posted a picture of him draped across a sports car yet like other KickStarter "creators" so hope springs eternal. Let's inject some positivity back into the project as I'm not a negative person. Have you guys checked out the Meta M1 smartwatch reviews? Just a reminder to you folks, the Meta M1 watch was released this September with nearly the same exact components as what was supposed to be given to us last December. Check out the review here: <url>"We should definitely press for answers to core questions" How long are you going to "press" for answers Martin? You seem a pretty clear, level headed kind of guy so I'm baffled why you think, even now, this is going to deliver results. Plenty of questions have been asked. Scroll back a couple of months and I had my own list of questions with no answers. The way I see it the character of a person is judged by what they say and do. Chris didn't state all the facts on the KS page at day one. It extended the truth. Since then he has shown total disregard for both HoH and the backers of this project. I think he saw this as being the opportunity to make a quick buck and a possible new product line to replace decreasing sales in NetDuino. The ingredients were there - his netduino experience and HoH as his "partner" who had experience delivering watches. He was arrogant enough to start mistreating this major supplier from day one. Because the project made a million it also increased the project management scope needed - something he just simply wasn't up to. It appears that very little planning had taken place when it got funding and it was many months before Anthony came on the scene (now gone). I doubt if anything was documented apart from the contract with HoH. No gant chart, no project management documentation. Nadda. Has he shown any contrition? Any humility? Has he accounted for where our money went? Rather than focusing on getting the product to live up to its title what did he do instead? Call in the lawyers. Did he intend to scam us? I doubt it. Has he scammed us? Yes I think he has. For me the latest update was delaying the inevitable. Giving him a bit more time. Look at the best case scenario - we get a watch bigger than anticipated, delivered well over a year late and that is as smart as a goldfish. That's dead. Then fed to the cat. Wear that and people will laugh at you. It would be like walking around with yellow Sony Walkman cassette player but without being ironic. If AGENT was music it would be 70's prog rock by a band that never made it out Modesto. Chris Walkers name should be mud. His credibility is shot. @Martin In general I agree with your statements - there are many core questions that need answering. However we should not have to 'encourage' any project to do right by anyone. These folks knew the deal when they posted the project. The money ain't free and the price is sometimes people asking hard questions... Perhaps the project creator should 'encourage' the backers by being more upfront and straightforward -- good or bad news.... So, in all fairness, I really don't think Chris set out to scam anyone - either originally or now. I think he has failed in most respects as a steward of our money and manager of this project, but not by any evil design. I respect that you all get to have your own opinions, but I don't think that those sort of accusations are going to get us anywhere. We should definitely press for answers to core questions, specifically those that were so succinctly stated by Roma, and continue to press for accountability, but insults and insinuations aren't going to encourage Chris to do right by us. do you think the chris - actually looks at the comments - i am sure he's sitting on a beach somewhere driving a high end car - laughing at all of us. that picture of the 'assembly area' - was that photo taken from his garage. totally disgusted with the update - it boggles my mind on how chris thought the update he provided would calm the backers down. as @roma suggested - answer all the questions: 1. Is the OS done, tested and ready to go? If not, when? 2. What functionality will we have re iOS, Android and Windows Phone out of the box? 3. Are the companion phone apps for the above done? If not, when? 4. Talk about changing backlights and the charging coil makes me shudder. What else is not locked down? 5. What will the case body and lenses be made from? If not decided exactly, what are the options still on the table? 6. When do you expect to start assembly? Will HoH be involved in that? 7. When do you expect to start shipping? 8. Will KS backers get their AGENTs before anyone else does? 9. What support levels/standards can backers expect? Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including this header then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 240 239 scottksmith95 238 Michael Paul Meara 237 FY Long 236 Pietro Blu Giandonato 235 Mark Longden 234 Alan Tang 233 Ang Ming Sze 232 Dimitrij Kobozev 231 Ray Seah 230 Joe Kelly 229 Andy Siu 228 Ben Spencer 227 Aydin Sipaloglu 226 Michael 225 Serg Pearl Margaritov 224 Shunichi Kobayashi 223 Chris Davies 222 Joseph Lemire 221 Ben Abrams 220 Peter This is a partial list. To see the full list, visit <url>"warehouse" where this is being assembled is nuts. Michael @Nick - I get where you are coming from but I can make it even easier: Is there any backer who DOESN'T want answers to all 10 of those questions; clearly, concisely and promptly? Id like to add my +1 to these excellent questions from @Roma. If you feel that you would also like @Creator to acknowledge and answer them please repost, adding your name, so we can show how many Backers still feel that even after the last update we are no further ahead in any new facts from you. Thank you. 004 003 002 Nick Martin 001 Martin Calsyn @Creator: Chris, thanks for the update. Will you answer the following questions please? 1. Is the OS done, tested and ready to go? If not, when? 2. What functionality will we have re iOS, Android and Windows Phone out of the box? 3. Are the companion phone apps for the above done? If not, when? 4. Talk about changing backlights and the charging coil makes me shudder. What else is not locked down? 5. What will the case body and lenses be made from? If not decided exactly, what are the options still on the table? 6. When do you expect to start assembly? Will HoH be involved in that? 7. When do you expect to start shipping? 8. Will KS backers get their AGENTs before anyone else does? 9. What support levels/standards can backers expect? 10. Can I get my AGENT faster if I don't want the strap? We'd appreciate clear and concise answers please. Thank you. @Creator, thanks for the update that basically said what Lawrence told us over a month ago. How about some new info please! While all these problems have been going on, has there been any attempt on bringing the core components up to a more modern level? If I had heard during these case, strap, and backlight updates that the time waiting for things to get fixed or happen was being used productively in addressing the technology end of the watch to improve its standing as "The World's Smartest Watch" I wouldn't feel so disappointed with this project. It's just seems to be a quality of makers to always be improving, especially while waiting for another part of a project to catch up. In this case it would be especially easy to do so being that most major tech companies have come out with a watch as of late. Some even several iterations of smartwatches. Ah, how whimsical my mind can be at times. :) I dont want refound I want a watch ... THIS is a Kickstarter projekt and I will wait patiently From my correspondence with Lawrence their is no problem with the straps. It is like "hexscrewgate" all over again. Don't fall for it. +1 on Roma's excellent questions. Those are the ones that need prompt, direct answers. I waited to give them a chance to respond to all these comments from backers on a refund. And I'm not impressed with this latest update. I'd like to formally put my name for a refund too. @Creator: Chris, please answer my questions underneath your Update. I'll add one here. 10. Can I get my AGENTS faster if I don't want the straps? Waited over a month for a very poor update, where are the photos and video of the watch , what about showing us a working OS. Im a patient person and still believe that the agent watch will be delivered at some point but this update is no way to keep the admittedly dwindling supporters of this project onside. Come on Chris time to pull you thumb out of your arse and show us some real progress. Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including this header then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 233 Pietro Blu Giandonato 232 Mark Longden 231 Alan Tang 230 Ang Ming Sze 229 Andy Siu 228 Ben Spencer 227 Aydin Sipaloglu 226 Michael 225 Serg Pearl Margaritov 224 Shunichi Kobayashi 223 Chris Davies 222 Joseph Lemire This is a partial list. To see the full list, visit <url>"Thank you for ... your kind notes". Is there some shy secret society PM'ing love-notes to Agent? Doubtful. Just read the last sentence in the update while picturing Chris with his fingers in his ears chanting "la la la la la I can't heaaaaaar you!". I truly don't get the project management/investor relations logic here. A realistic and complete update could have done so much good. We're not asking for the moon here - just honesty. > We are significantly behind our estimated schedule in regards to completing the watch case. As such, we will continue to be super-focused on getting the watch case done this month. LOLWUT? I can't help but feel like we are just being fed rhetoric. I mean, were you not "super-focused" before? That was something you should have put on the to-do list. Probably even step 1. Get Super Focused. In fact go and write it on now. In big letters. And highlight it. And maybe backlight it NO WAIT WE DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THAT!!! Every time we get a dribble of information people scream for an update on the schedule BUT rather than giving us something meaningful you just say "We're really far behind so this month we have decided to focus really hard on doing something. We don't know if we'll get it completed but we are going to try! GO TEAM!" Let me give you a bit of advice; everyone can see straight through that. Just because you make some vague, non-committal reference to moving forward with the project doesn't mean we are going to be happy. If you aren't game to say "We are too scared to put a date on any targets because we have let you down so many times up to this point." then say that. Don't feed us some line you hope we might not see straight through. Before today I have tried really hard to not be snide or sarcastic about this project but wow you make it difficult. The comments section of this KS has become a tidal wave of negativity and anger yet you refuse listen to people's requests. I'm not talking about requests for refunds (let's not dance through that minefield) I mean the requests for information about things like materials. Please remember that information is not something you offer us as a favour like some lord allowing peasants to partake of the scraps that may fall from his table on high. You owe us and what you owe us is a hell of a lot more than a "thank you very much". If someone happens to see @creator please give him this message. You can be damn sure he isn't going to read it here. This user's account has been deleted. I do believe Chris is now just trolling us. @Colby - I am a very positive person but sooner or later you have to accept that you cannot make a silk purse from a sows ear. Especially when you don't have a fit validated sows ear to start with. If you want to do all the things listed go ahead but frankly it is a waste of time. A few of us on here have tried and failed time and time again to get any progress and honesty from Chris Walker. We have zero power. He had a million and has slowly frittered it away. Go find his post about costs and my reply. By his own figures he is running out of money. My suspicion is that his stated build cost is way too high but then why would he post false information? He has shown the backers zero respect so why be positive? Chris Walker has the credibility of a Spice Girls tribute band. Playing in Wigan. On a Tuesday night. In a pub. WOW! Now that was an epic way of telling us that although they've almost finished the cases, they now have to redo backlights and charging coils and we should expect another 15 months for delivery. And meanwhile go **** ourselves, 'cause the @Creator doesn't care. Gee-whiz. For people who want to hack and want to do it sooner rather than later, look up TinyScreen here on kickstarter for the SmartWatch kit. I'm not suggesting it as an alternative to Agent, just a nifty diy project for like-minded folks. I am not associated with that project in any way other than having just become a backer. @Mark - I don't see any kind of 'bankruptcy' in the mix. I predict one of two outcomes : a) watch ships many months from now, or, b) The watch never ships, and either no refunds or partial refunds are issued, and Secret Labs absorbs all of the durable goods acquired with our money. Wow, I'd forgotten they'd made a million dollars out of us. I'd say the chances of us getting anything before the backers declare bankruptcy is effectively nil. What a shame. Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including this header then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 232 Mark Longden 231 Alan Tang 230 Ang Ming Sze 229 Andy Siu 228 Ben Spencer 227 Aydin Sipaloglu 226 Michael 225 Serg Pearl Margaritov 224 Shunichi Kobayashi 223 Chris Davies 222 Joseph Lemire This is a partial list. To see the full list, visit <url>"thank you very much for your continued support, your significant patience and your kind notes." - seriously - is anyone here sending kind notes at this point? He did it again. Completely ignored what everyone is asking for and updated on crap we already knew weeks ago thanks to Lawrence. What a complete and utter buffoon. denial ain't just a river in Egypt... @Simon I loved your old technology analogies at the end of your comment made me literally LOL. However you raise one of the most valuable questions in this entire forum "How do you think this project can be "made great"?". I will be one of the first to share my ideas, but first we will need to address the greater problem of all the negativity (Hate) inside of this forum. I still consider myself young with a lot left to learn in life, but I have learned one lesson repeatedly and that is nothing of any value can come out of a negative beginning. What I mean by this is if people do not try their hardest to think about things from different viewpoints and try to see all angles of a tough situation any "ideas" they provide will be less than useless. If all we do is sit on this forum and scream "LATE, WANT A REFUND!". What are we hoping to accomplish? How productive is it to post and call someone a tool? Until the majority of us are willing to calm down and think before we button mash, we will gain nothing. However to give a more meaningful answer I have listed a few steps we can start below. Please feel free to comment on it and by all means let me know if you think I am completely wrong. 1) Put together a review of the specifications of the watch we know currently and submit to @Chis Walker for an accuracy check 2) Build a list of competitive features that are drawing backers to current watches and future releases and identify any gaps in the Agent Number three makes me the saddest... 3) Begin a document for monitoring the request of information to @Chris Walker I hate having to type this but we do need to have a way to hold @Chris Walker responsible if something were to happen to this project that easily could've been remedied by engaging with us earlier if need be. Finally, Haters gonna hate. @Roma Thank you for the compliment I have went ahead and sent that as a PM to @Chris Walker. Let's hope maybe some positive criticism can help get this back on track. @Alex Lawrence claims that Chris told him all pictures and information posted about the Agent is under his copyright. And he needed Chris's approval to post them. Hence, HoH's FB page is a violation of copyright laws. Now, I don't know if Chris had threaten Lawrence with a suit. But the last info from Lawrence claims that now he and Chris are meeting two times a week and that they actually had a face to face chat. So he's feeling positive about his side of things again. Whereas we still know practically nothing about Chris's side of things. @andysiu please add me to this list as well by days this worse than peddle... The innovator who had no example to lead by... Why @lawrence u were made to take down the FB but were u order to put us on silence ? @Colby "Thank you to all the other backers who are still hoping like hell that we can turn this around and make this great." How do you think this project can be "made great"? I'm intrigued. It is as though some on here are in denial. I have lost $200 but some like @Roma spent $1000. Although I don't want to get into the whole "Kickstarter isn't a shop" nonsense I'm pretty sure that many of you wouldn't have bought in for the "experience" alone. We were promised the "Worlds Smartest Watch" for our money we would be rewarded with a great watch (not a Netduino in a wrist box). Simple. As it seems we will at best be given a chunky watch that is as relevant and up to date as a Osmonds album. On a 8 track. With a bonus video on laserdisc. I just don't think it has gotten worse (or better). @FrankyB - I said the level of communication is unacceptable. That doesn't mean happy. @Rick Wicker... the last 2 updates were the same and they we about 2 things, straps (really, straps are an issue) and the case... copy/paste... So for the last 3 months... it's a no show from the creator on OS, companion app and actually internal delivery... if you are happy with that, you are one of the few and @creator is caterring to you. @Adam: HOH Ones= HOH updates from Lawrence on Facebook Oh yeah... I would like a refund, add me to that list! I've been pretty level headed about this whole deal... but I am done. The obvious mis management or hell... call it what it is... deceit here is extremely disturbing. At this point I am assuming I am going to get some half finished, unsupported, undeveloped, "smart" watch. Most of the development community and hype has long since vanished and moved to other platforms. The niche of being .Net and supporting windows phones is becoming less important by the day. The technology in the watch is going to be multiple generations old by the time its launched. Assuming we EVER get anything for our money... the most valuable part of this setup is going to be the Qi charger. Who knew AGENT would have the ability to make Pebble's launch look so smooth and well executed. I hate being lied to and mislead. I truly hope karma kicks Agent and HOH in the ass. @Rick Wait... what? I'm not getting an HOH Agent Smartwatch anymore? @Martin Calsyn - I disagree that he has turned his back. The level of updates have been pretty consistent since the project was funded. The level has been unacceptably low, but I don't think it has gotten worse. It does suck that we aren't getting the HOH ones anymore. If you want a fitness and sleep tracker and out-of-the-box functionality, then yes, @Dmitrij, you are correct. But I think Agent (admittedly, only if it ships) has more meat to it than the Basis Peak. The multi-platform aspect, open development model, standalone functionality, and the fact that it could (or could have) become a common core technology for multiple wearable designs is what is (was?) most interesting to me. But tick, tock, tick, tock... That dimming light you see is the window of opportunity closing on us. There's no chance of it happening, but I believe enough in the potential of this project yet (but not in the management 'team') that if I could grab the steering wheel, toss in my own time and money and drive this thing to completion, I would because I think there is a durable and reusable technology core here. Any questions about dead Agent?! <url>"Well folks, we screwed up. This is where we are and this is what we'll do" and make sure that the recovery plan is a 100% solid one. But that takes introspection, character and accountability and those may be the real weaknesses here. @Martin @Colby great comments, too bad @Chris Walker won't take the time to read and appreciate what you put down. I"m completly baffled by his attitude. In any respected company, he would have been fired and replaced. May be he need to fire himself and put someone that can actually deliver. Gosh I wish I could delete my own posts here. You are right @Richard, I was looking at the main page content and not the 'posts' section - my bad. @Richard - that's weird - I just did and I am still seeing content. @Martin - totally agree and I'm with you on still wanting the watch. For the likes of me I can't understand any reason (legal, business or other) for Chris to behave like this. It is definitely detrimental to his character and I can't see how it would help the project in any way. I'm left thinking it is pure negligence and he doesn't care - which is pretty sad considering the success of the campaign and how passionate/dedicated backers are. This user's account has been deleted. @Richard - you might be looking at the page that Lawrence of HoH put up in order to give us back-channel updates some time ago. It was one of the few outlets for info recently, but it was cleared by request of Secret Labs and Chris Walker. The main page here still seems to be up, but doesn't have much to say : <url>#SecretLab - #Refund for your #Failed Project Management. Take #Responsibility and issue refunds. Please like my comment on HOH Facebook page asking for a refund. Roma We all had high hopes of a well executed, with some bumps project. We all envisioned a creator who communicated with us by the way he interacted with us in the beginning of the project. Pride is a destructfull thing, along with arrogance, both of which have been displayed here by the creator. His failure to communicate his problems has been the most destructive though. @Colby, That's a great comment. Would you mind sending it by PM to Chris Walker? Thanks. @Martin Calsyn wonderful statement I think we can all agree with. I backed this project for one reason, it wasn't to get early access to a wearable. I backed this project simply to see a watch from initial prototype through production. I pictured a lively backer community where we would get detailed info about the whole design process, I imagined amazing developers like @olaf and @Daniel Chang sparking interesting conversations about the OS and companion apps. A forum alive with people like @Roma talking about what small changes we could see or answering questions to help grow backers knowledge on watches and their development. What we got however is a forum that has over 20 requests for refunds on the first page. Where we are not made privy to info about whether or not this device will even have a companion application to it. Developers like @Martin Calsyn are forced to develop a countdown to show how late it is because the creator will not provide the resources for them to productively develop. I know I had high hopes and that none of my desires for this project where spelt out by @Chris Walker. I just took an assumption that was what he meant by "We're excited to take this journey with you, to make AGENT a reality together." I think that most people here don't care if they get this watch by the end of next year. I truly believe that the majority of us just want to be a part of it. We don't want to have to sit on the sidelines, and had most of us known thats how it would of been would not of joined the team. We want to be a part of it. @Chris Walker won't read this and he wouldn't respond even if he did, and that one line right there sums up every failure of this project. Thank you to all the other backers who are still hoping like hell that we can turn this around and make this great. To all of those reading in silence (like me) it's time for us to speak up. Not just to demand refunds but to try and imagine the ways we can make this watch truly great. This is getting ridiculous, let's sum up progress- June2013-March 2014- backlight(9 months) March2013-October 2014- watch case (7 months) and it's still not complete. There's still no molds ordered(30 day lead time). Still no discussion of ios app, android app or windows app. Let's have another update on watch straps(sarcasm)!!! My patience is wearing thin. What happened to May-June 2013: Kickstarter campaign June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode October 2013 - FCC, CE, and Qi certification November 2013 - parts arrive, pilot production begins December 2013 - volume production begins I have said this before if Chris does not refund and keeps stringing you all. Should he declare this as.income on his tax returns or does he have a lovely time enjoying your cash Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including this header then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 230 229 228 227 226 Michael 225 Serg Pearl Margaritov 224 Shunichi Kobayashi 223 Chris Davies 222 Joseph Lemire 221 Ben Abrams 220 Peter This is a partial list. To see the full list, visit <url>#refund please I have had this back from Lawrence: I sent Chris a long detailed full review of every watch part last tuesday that I have worked on and at this point I am waiting on Chris to update everyone and complete the contact points on the movement and create the custom coil with the dimensions I recommended so we can move forward. Starting next week Chris will be working together with me and will be on calls every Tuesday and Thursday together and I do see the light!!! I do expect Chris to post an update very soon. ------------ So it would appear on the surface that the lawyers have made them kiss and make up for now. However that still doesn't explain: 1) Why Chris's own figures posted here indicate that the money isn't sufficient to fulfil orders 2) How the actual "smart" bit of the watch is going to be smart Time scales wise based on Lawrences previous posts you're now all looking at Feb/March time if Chris got his figures wrong that is. No way can they get this shipped before Christmas. So we will have to wait for our non smart watches in a larger form factor for some time yet. I am ready for a refund also! @Roma, you are back? Looking for @creator? Hummm nope, not here... he must be busy writing a book long update... Who needs a timeline, as long as he push some none-sense update, he can still claim the project is moving.... oh wait, no update... Update? This is just ridiculous. Want a refund! This is just ridiculous... I want a refund... @Creator, exactly four days ago Lawrence Leyderman told me: "I just sent a full review of every singe AGENT part to Chris Walker outlining all of the changes we made along the way and much much more." May we have an Update please? Will you provide a revised timeline? I am ready for a refund also! Tumbleweed Have we even got a working prototype yet where all the parts are finalised and actually fit together properly? I have reached out to Lawrence but have yet to get a reply. Follow the money. Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including this header then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 220 219 218 217 Richard Kloc 216 Jari Kinnunen 215 Dinesh Krishnaswamy This is a partial list. To see the full list, visit <url>"sarcasm". I'd have rather already had a watch and gotten a software update. Wouldn't that have been a kick? I think the whole Agent idea (non-platform-aligned wearable) still has merit. I think it is dated in it's design in a lot of ways and suffers from totally inept project management, which has devalued our rewards, but the core idea is still a good one and the movement core still have technical merit. So @Martin States "We're lucky that Agent was delayed so that they could come out with that :)" do the rest of you feel lucky? Regarding the windows accessory app api, I did a bit more digging and found that it seems not to be open to general developers and appears to require special agreements/licensing. Since I created that snarky countdown app, I thought I might try to do something useful like create an accessory app link between WP8.1 Update 1 phone and Agent, but no joy. I haven't found a statement by MS that the api is restricted, but it is undocumented and the consensus experience on stackoverflow is that attempts to use these apis result in access-restricted exceptions. That doesn't mean that Agent can't get OEM access - it just means that I can't as a community dev, so I can't do a WP demo app. Just for the halibut, I'll probably give the Android NotificationListener a try to see if I can get droid notifications pushed to Agent. Still no idea as to whether something similar exists for hooking notifications in iOS. I'm not as familiar with the iOS api surface and haven't done enough research yet. Although this discussion has some relevance here to the usability of the watch out-of-the-box, it is now more of a technical exploration, so I'm going to post any followups on these integration explorations on the agent forums instead. @Creator: Can you confirm, for each platform, do you today have the needed API access to display notifications from apps and services that are not explicitly agent-aware? yeah.. could do with an update please :) Update please. It has been too long. @Maaz: Right you are. That appears to be the "something" that I was missing and it appears to fit the bill and I'm actually quite happy to see that! We're lucky that Agent was delayed so that they could come out with that :) fwiw, it looks like Android has a similar facility now : <url>#NotificationListener So that's two out of three platforms that seem to have the right hooks for receiving platform-wide notifications without Agent-specific app code. Is something similar available for iOS? What about Accessory Apps in Windows Phone 8.1 Update 1? <url>"official" updates. Is it possible to have something more then a copy/past from the last update... meaning, actual update. Update about the companion app? The watch OS? Show us some real progress here... I'm sure you can it... You will even feel good after... Weren't changes supposed to come out in 8.1 which exposed some of these apis? @olaf Actually, I have to disagree. I think that it's great that they are significant NETMF contributors, but I don't think that guarantees access to restricted winphone APIs. I think it helps to have a past history of engagement, but I think it's a stretch to call an OEM-ish relationship with winphone a done deal based on netmf contributions. I'll cheer right along with everyone else if it happens, because doing away with the need to have individual apps be agent-aware is a game changer. Full disclosure : I am a long-term Microsoft employee and off and on netmf hobbyist, having both ported netmf to new platforms and programmed in netmf. I have never worked in the netmf or winphone groups and I know absolutely nothing about SL's relationship to Microsoft other than what has been posted here by others. All of the above (and anything else I have posted or will post) is solely my own opinion and speculation based on public information. I do not speak for Microsoft. @Creator. Last update was a month ago. Will we see a new update soon, since you're not allowing Lawrence to update us any more? I would "NOT" worry about the support for new features. Crappy keyboard ;) @Martin I would now worry about the support for new features. SL has worked with Microsoft for fixing some of the issues within the .NETM framework. They are in the loop so to say. @Tim NETMF and the proposed Agent hardware is pretty capable, but maybe not that capable. @olaf - Great reference, I missed that. I used VS2013, but installed it via a hack, two days before the release you reference. Dooooh. In all fairness to the technology here, if/when the watch does arrive, it does have a number of nifty technical features, but (IMHO) will be hobbled market-wise by a sub-par display and the lack of integration enjoyed by Android Wear OEMs and Winphone OEMs and by Apple's internal api's for the Apple Watch. It certainly appears that Agent will require purposeful integration with apps by developers, but there we have the classic problem : devs won't do that without an audience and income stream, and users won't buy devices without the apps. Now, there are ways around that by creating a generalized and modularized movement core and api, but I am pretty sure that boat has sailed as far as Agent is concerned. There is probably still an opportunity space for someone with a proper movement core to engage multiple design houses and build enough user numbers around that core. I just don't think the Agent 'team' is the team that can do it. They are clearly challenged enough just getting their act together on this design at small scale. @Martin Now if you can just make one that can ask for refunds, explain the difference between Kickstarter and a store, and threaten class actions based on spurious legal advice, we can all go home. @Martin for the win I just noticed that Visual Studio 2013 is now supported by the .NETMF framework. So all of you who intent to do programming with 2013 can be happy it is coming soon. Check this: <url>t. Can we at least get a confirmation that agents will work with background notifications for Windows Phones? Current reason why this is a real concern is that Agents have a third party app store, and that Microsoft only gives background api access to OEMs. So we can't do this ourselves. It'll be ridiculous if Agents would have no better Windows phone syncing than a third party foreground app and a Pebble does. So what would really be the point? @Martin Well played. Source code here : <url> Well, while I have been totally stoked about the release of Pebble, and the majority of us have been VERY patient and understanding of the delays, after watching todays Apple press conference I am a bit, concerned. Clearly the Apple Watch offers a plethora of benefits vs. Pebble. That said, if the Pebble is going to be released before December, 2014, I will continue to be patient. If your team truthfully believes the release will be delayed into 2015, I am second guessing my investment. I continue to be very sensitive to challenges of innovative technology. Beginning to reach a tipping point. I very much look forward to your response. Kind thanks, _________________________________ A subsequent e-mail was sent on 18th and 20th September. No response. _________________________________________________ I think you can now add me to the list of those requesting refunds. I guess now that they have over $1 million, they really do not need or care about my $199.00. I hope I am wrong but not optimistic... @roma - working with? Have you had any contact with willow the wisp himself? I want to be added to the refund list Tom Schaeffer @Alex the list +1 on Alex And welcome back, Roma. Knew you couldn't stay away... Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including this header then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 220 219 218 217 216 215 214 213 212 Ramesh Swamy 211 Akke Luukkonen 210 Tomasz 209 Simon 208 Peter Forsberg 207 Damon Pierson 206 Nico 205 W. Laging 204 Yew Wei Sheng 203 Aaron Chan 202 Eric W 201 Spencer Dubas 200 Thomas Walsh 199 Parisri Sillapasorn 198 Gagandeep Singh Dhall 197 Brandon H 196 Robert Inman 195 georgeneo This is a partial list. To see the full list, visit <url>"Your doing good work @creator keep up the good and innovative work!" I am also not aware of any previous efforts on my part to string people along. @Brian What is an "official" offer? I gave my price and contact info. I haven't registered as a corporation with the intention of purchasing KS rewards if that's what you mean. @ Kristian finally a smart comment... @Josh, I agree with you. Would the 200ish people who keep **** about a refund just go away and let the @creator work on the project?? Yes the timeline is blown to hell, but so has every other watch project out there. Kickstarter is an investment avenue for "out of the box" projects to source funding, not a store for cool stuff, if $200 is breaking your bank you shouldn't have invested. All projects, especially ones of a technical nature are risky and what will sink the project is all of the negativity... Your doing good work @creator keep up the good and innovative work! I would love a refund for this project, which at this point seems all but a scam. @Rick_Wicker Are the comments below official offers? Why not make it official? Or is this just another attempt to string people along. Whats worse the list or people **** about the list? Why cant we all just focus on getting @creator to speak? +1 @Chris_Jutting im tired of seeing that stupid pointless list, NO ONE IS GETTING A REFUND! Even I there is a really huge delay on delivery, some more information about the future schedules would be fine. Will there be a delay more than a year? I think many people feel cheated and are afraid to loose their money. So updates please (by Mail and with pictures not stored on facebook for people like me without a facebook account)! If you are a UK resident I suggest chargeback Getting tired of this page being flooded with refund list reposts. It isn't going to happen, so stop wasting your time! Of course you aren't - that is what we would expect the other Simon to say. We seem to have two Simons - the one below isn't me Please add me to the Refund List please Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including this header then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 215 214 213 212 211 Akke Luukkonen 210 Tomasz 209 Simon 208 Peter Forsberg 207 Damon Pierson 206 Nico 205 W. Laging 204 Yew Wei Sheng 203 Aaron Chan 202 Eric W 201 Spencer Dubas 200 Thomas Walsh 199 Parisri Sillapasorn 198 Gagandeep Singh Dhall 198 Gagandeep Singh Dhall 197 Brandon H 196 Robert Inman 195 georgeneo This is a partial list. To see the full list, visit <url>"They have done nothing but wasted our money on their hobby" Now how about you tell me what more you see in your crystal ball? @Secret Labs + House of Horology Time for an update. Hello, Please add me (Parisri Sillapasorn) in the refund list . Thank you. Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including this header then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 191 190 Gagandeep Singh Dhall 189 Vincent L-Garant 188 Samuel L. Wong 187 Tom Verhoeff 186 Michael Markham 185 Luke Thomas 184 Dheepak Kanagavel 183 Evan Thomas 182 William McKinney 181 Eric Jilot 180 Bandar Alsaif This is a partial list. To see the full list, visit <url>hmus 101 Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen 97 Kumar Jhuremalani 96 Kevin Piol 95 Chris Wong 94 Ovsep Ambartsumyan 93 Robert Wu 92 Daniel Hirshleifer 91 kani 90 RJ 89 Ray Seah 88 Gary A. 87 Brandon H 86 Ty Jero 85 Cornelis Wilcocks 84 Joseph Lee 83 Nathaniel Gori 82 Franky_B 81 Michael Klinge 80 Colton S. 79 Paul Eagles 78 Zack Jones 77 Derick Wong 76 Deansy 75 Mark Wallace 74 Samuel Hayes 73 Christian Massi 72 Martin Calsyn 71 Marco Morbin 70 Stefan D. Poulsen 69 YJiang 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 9 dan nguyen 8 OSKEE 7 Suresh 6 Sean P. McAdam 5 Pierre Bjurdelius 4 Lucas Ebaugh 3 Garrett Newman 2 Harley 1 Nathan Vergin <url>"improvements" and changes to things to try to make the product better, which is admirable in some ways, but at the same time this strategy will end up in the product never shipping. He will never call the product a failure, he'll drag it out until the funds are gone. Chris/SL - if there are legal reasons for not updating backers on FB/blog or whatever fine. Come on here (where the updates SHOULD BE) and just tell us so. If you communicated facts and basic timing to backers there wouldn't be any trust issues or competency in question. I'm not sure why you don't get that you are obligated by a legal contract to do so and it really won't take long to drop a couple sentences here and there. We don't expect much and many of us want to help. Shane, I'm sure it won't matter one way or another. @Lawrence of HOH ... Thank you for your courage to share some of the inner working of the project along with practical and relevant information on progress being made. @Chris of Secret Labs ... I met you at MakerFaire in San Mateo a few years ago and had a great long conversation that lead me to buy a Netduino Go package. I believed in this project based on respect I gained for you from that and time spent on the Netduino forums and using various Netduinos. However, that is being seriously eroded right now ... Lawrence's communication is what I've experienced with all the other projects I've backed and even some I didn't and I did not perceive any of it as being more revealing of the watch than what you've shared - quite the contrary, actually. With my knowledge of electronics and software I know this is an awesome piece of hardware but with your lack of communication and transparency the development effort has slowed down and the potential there is being seriously diminished. Anyway, that is my 2c ... With all these people wanting refunds and this watch actually comes to life and get on some wrists; will SL/HOH look at this list and send the watches out to those who continued to back this project quietly in the background? Or do all the entitled people(refund wishers) get the watch first? @Rich The refund demand was removed because they couldn't enforce it. Kickstarter is desperately trying to remove any liability on their part. Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. 5685 Number of Backers 181 Refund Requests 3.18% Backer Percentage 183 182 Luke Thomas 181 Eric Jilot 180 Bandar Alsaif 179 Lucian Naie 178 Ryan Lee 177 Martin Hyson 176 John Ebel 175 David Choo 174 David Thibault 173 Mike Davies 172 DeMario Vitalis 171 Justin Nunan 170 Chiranjeevi Gupta 169 chew 168 Richard Wood 167 Sabsteef 166 Robbie Hodge 165 Vincent L 164 Chad Bentz 163 Kyle Bird 162 Lloyd (RanOMov AckSimUXe) 161 Ashley Smith 160 Ingo Mueller 159 Elad Rokach 158 Paul Newman 157 Chris Anderson 156 Mario Vitalis 155 Nick Martin 154 Arvinder Ghataore 153 James Gooch 152 Karsten Poppe 151 Ricky 150 Michael Ahmels 149 PGT 148 Bryan 147 Marcus Bosch 146 Chris Jung 145 Diego Ortega 144 Brett Tuling 143 Tsunglung Yang 142 Mervyn Lee 141 Wing Hui 140 Christoph Dreyer 139 Michel de Nijs 138 Frank Schmidberger 137 Jared Tulio 136 Bernado Piereck 135 Ben Gelb 134 brent b 133 Jake Censored 132 Keng Yew 131 1613219339 130 Bobby Dowling 129 Mark Oh 128 Beth Parker-O'Brien 127 Benjamin Dam 126 Manuel Prieto 125 Warren 124 Jurgen Elfrink 123 Andres Cantillo 122 IOso 121 Jorge Alberto Rubio Casanueva 120 Lucian Pop 119 arckal 118 Daniel 117 Julien Tessier 116 Chris Jutting 115 Jonas Hennen 114 Timur Zanagar 113 Brian Driscall 112 Peter Cavanagh 111 Dean Forbes 110 Miguel Masse 109 Mehmed Bayram 108 Kian Way 107 Dean Parkes 106 Jeremy Iliev 105 Bryan Brandau 104 Gerald Koo 103 Peter Stollreiter 102 Laur Lhmus 101 Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen 97 Kumar Jhuremalani 96 Kevin Piol 95 Chris Wong 94 Ovsep Ambartsumyan 93 Robert Wu 92 Daniel Hirshleifer 91 kani 90 RJ 89 Ray Seah 88 Gary A. 87 Brandon H 86 Ty Jero 85 Cornelis Wilcocks 84 Joseph Lee 83 Nathaniel Gori 82 Franky_B 81 Michael Klinge 80 Colton S. 79 Paul Eagles 78 Zack Jones 77 Derick Wong 76 Deansy 75 Mark Wallace 74 Samuel Hayes 73 Christian Massi 72 Martin Calsyn 71 Marco Morbin 70 Stefan D. Poulsen 69 YJiang 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 9 dan nguyen 8 OSKEE 7 Suresh 6 Sean P. McAdam 5 Pierre Bjurdelius 4 Lucas Ebaugh 3 Garrett Newman 2 Harley 1 Nathan Vergin <url> we regret to inform you that, unfortunately, SecretLabs has asked HOH to take down its AGENT-related FB page and blog, as they deem these to constitute trademark infringement. Never fear, though  we are currently in the process of negotiating a solution with SecretLabs that will allow us to continue to share updates, progress reports, etc. on HOHs work on the AGENT001 watch. HOH is very sorry for any inconvenience, and hope to be able to get back to you very soon! Well keep you posted as developments occur. -Lawrence HOH Watches Hello everyone, Despite never here have posted, I backed two smartwatches (one for me and another for my wife). When, last year, we knew about this project, we did some research and came to the conclusion that this would be very difficult to do. Much has been spoken of smartwatches but I haven't found anything that could be considered really smart (this is my opinion and can differ from many of you), however, I like this smartwatch (but I understand that it was an idea, not a finished product). As a project that it is, and not a finished product ready to commercialize, we thought seriously if we should wait for its development and make a purchase when the product was delivered to the market, with the security of knowing, then, that would receive the watch, or if we should participate in the project as investors. By doing these assessments, we thought... What will happen if everyone decide to wait that the product be ready? The answer was simple, we would never have a product ready! All this text only serves to explain the reason why we have chosen to participate in the project. Even knowing the risks of a possible failure, we thought that there's nothing different from an investment in shares of a company that, in the future, presents bad results and the return is negative. Despite still not have loosing hope that the project will have a happy final, I recognize that there have been a lot of miscommunication. I think they should take more time to "talk" with investors (even without got into details about the developments) as this could avoided this wave of discontent. For me, the fact that little information about what has been done, in terms of technique, has been communicated, it doesn't worry me at all. The more secret the less risk that a competitor appears with the same technical characteristics. I have no problem with the use of so-called "Premium Plastics" as there are some of them with very good features and excellent appearance (I use some scuba gear that is, and is excellent). I read (in blogs and various other news) some problems with the Microsoft development team who works on the .Net Micro Framework that, if I'm not mistaken is used in this product, can also cause some delays (not sure of this). I wish, that after all this time, to the initial characteristics could be added some new features, for example a color display (not very useful but is more interesting for people that like colors). Nevertheless, I don't want that some new feature, if any, are shown before the release (less risk of someone coming up with the same ideas). Like I said, I still think that this product might be complete but, if this wouldnt be possible, will just consider it as a failed investment, a project that its creator had no ability to finish it. I won't make accusations to them unless something prove that this project was a fraudulent scheme. As for the money received, if they could not be able to finish the project, I just think they should submit to the appreciation of all of us the expenses carried out and return, in proportion, the left money (if there are any). Finally, let me express that this is all just my opinion and I respect any of the opinions expressed here. So, I kindly ask to stop posting the entire refund list here (the two or three last entries are enough to show us how many are). I understand your point of view but it will disturb the reading to the others that are still interested on the project. Thank you all. @Mindy Westfried (AKA Larwence HoH) what happened to your Facebook page? Did Chris make you shut it down? If Chris aware of the value you have been providing the backer community? Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. 5685 Number of Backers 182 Refund Requests 3.2% Backer Percentage Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 184 183 Evan Thomas 182 William McKinney 181 EricJilot 180 Bandar Alsaif 179 Lucian Naie 178 Ryan Lee 177 Martin Hyson 176 John Ebel 175 David Choo 174 David Thibault 173 Mike Davies This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>#section4 Probably @creator/Chris had nothing better to do than to let it shut down ... So did Lawrence delete his Agent Facebook page? The only place where we were getting good Agent information constantly... Looks like we are getting the watch whether we like it or not , so refund request people suck it up. Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. 5685 Number of Backers 182 Refund Requests 3.2% Backer Percentage Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 183 182 William McKinney 181 EricJilot 180 Bandar Alsaif 179 Lucian Naie 178 Ryan Lee 177 Martin Hyson 176 John Ebel 175 David Choo 174 David Thibault 173 Mike Davies This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it." The hotsmartwatch ks project (thanks for the pointer Shawn) was also supposed to ship in Dec 2013, and they also faced a lot of backer frustration, but there are some notable differences vs Agent (based on a very superficial read-through of their project) : 1) hotsmartwatch have posted videos of working watches and movement components; 2) They posted updates every one to two weeks - 34 in total. 3) They posted lots of progress photos and have communicated clearly and proactively. 4) They have actually shipped a batch of rewards 5) They engaged with the backers by pre-releasing and frequently updating app software It's interesting to contrast these two projects because they are similar engineering tasks; both similarly late; and both consequently suffer from similar staleness issues in their design, but hotsmartwatch is an example of how to deal with project challenges and Agent really is a counter-example on almost every level when it comes to project management and backer relations. It really brings into sharp focus how miserably SL has and still is managing this project and the good faith of their backers. Fill in your name and copy and paste below in the next available spot if you like Chris Walker to answer the question on whether this watch is even "smart" in the first place. The following people request that Chris Walker give a video demonstration that the current Agent OS iteration could even sync to a known Windows Phone 8.1 device, such as a HTC One M8 for Windows, with specifically background notifications such as SMS and incoming calls (not foreground like the Pebble Watch Pro app), and remote control ability for the music player. 2. 1. Daniel Chang @chris j/rich n - so far as I know MS has not officially approved or worked with SL in any official capacity (based on I can find no reports to support that they have). By contrast, if you look at hotsmartwatch.com (another kickstarter project well behind schedule) you'll see that they will support WP8.1 and there are tech articles supporting that. MS has worked with them officially. I also know of at least one other smartwatch (currently in production) that is being beta tested with WP support. I suspect there are a number of MS employees who backed this with high hopes primarily because it was going to be the first that would work with WP devices. Personally I don't understand what bad there is if the MS smart watch (or any other smart watch) is fitness based. If MS provides developers the tools to make apps for the watch it is a great thing that the watch has various sensors: they can be used with non-fitness apps as well. With the rumored MS watch Agent looses its one big selling point: WP users. What is left then? Battery life? Qi? "Premium case"? I would be more than happy to trade all those to a MS smart watch which will have MS support, plenty of apps out of the box / companion apps and it will probably be more developer friendly than Agent. MS watch will most likely get much more enthusiast developer community than Agent will have (I guess Agent won't have a developer community at all when / if it delivers). Not to mention the availability: if the rumors are correct MS watch will be available sooner than Agent. @Chris J - totally agree. If it is just a fitness based device; Agent has a good chance of landing on WP users' and MSFT developers' wrists. @Rich & David: I tend to agree with both camps. I feel that this project is well beyond any reasonable point of return shy of refund and there should be a method for raising and compiling the requests for a refund. I think that information should be in the 'open' (as in visible to anyone on the internet so that the unwary can learn the status of the "project"). But, I feel having it here is less than ideal. I stated I wanted a refund as a one-liner and did not maintain the funky list format asserted by the originator of that side conversation. @Rich, the rumors are pointing to MS's device to be more of a fitness band than a smart watch. If that is the case then I will still wait on AGENT, as I don't care for the fitness centric direction the smart watches are going currently. @David - amen! @Daniel - just rumours but MSFT is apparently working on an October U.S. release: <url>"Security by obscurity" or the like. There is still appeal for folks with non-Android phones (including win phones, for which this will be the only option, afaik), or folks that prefer different interaction models than what Android Wear offers. The value is diminished from the original offering, but certainly not entirely gone. Provided this watch ever shows up in my possession I speculate that there will be very little use for it relative to what I can purchase RIGHT NOW FOR LESS. After all, the Gear is now providing more features and their second generation is announced (or may be out) and that reduced the price of the basic Gear watch to the point that I got one using my few AARP points (a few months ago). Would be a nice gesture from SL if they gave everyone a free wireless charger, everyone who paid for a wireless charger would get their money back. Good will and all that :) @Martin agreed! Even if the watch isn't the latest and greatest the main reason I backed this in the first place was to tinker and play with a .NET based SmartWatch. I just hope they get their crap together and make some real progress. @Rich Norgaard: +1 I am on the refund list (and ranted mightily about the delays), but if I could get off the refund list without mucking up the whole thing, I would. I got on it when the project truly looked stalled out. I always said I would rather have a watch than any of the other possible outcomes, and I still think the market relevance of the thing is slipping fast, but a deal is a deal. I got in as a backer knowing that delays - even extreme ones - were possible. So a deal is a deal - I am in until the thing either delivers or fails with finality. And double extra plus one on maintaining the list outside of comments. I respect the choice of folks to be on the list, but a daily link and stats summary should suffice without maintaining the list here in the comments. "we assure you that it will not delay the delivery date of the AGENT and will not push the timeline back in anyway." -- this implies a timeline EXISTS and has an estimated delivery date. If this is the case why can you not post the high-level milestones including the projected delivery date to backers whom have kindly requested it umpteen times? C Refund Requesters - KS terms clearly state that refunds are only required by a creator in the case on non-delivery. We have not reached this state yet and it seems like they are still working towards figuring stuff out and delivering the product to backers. Many backers still want the watch and want to help any way they can to get it done. Refund List Posters - Come on seriously? How big does this list need to get before you realize this comment thread is not a productive place to post this? 200, 500, 1000... Please use the online Excel file someone kindly created for everyone: <url>"Edit" > Create Link. Thank you! Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. 5685 Number of Backers 173 Refund Requests 3.03% Backer Percentage Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 174 173 Mike Davies 172 DeMario Vitalis 171 Justin Nunan 170 Chiranjeevi Gupta 169 chew This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>t worry!! There are a few reasons that led us to make this decision, but we assure you that it will not delay the delivery date of the AGENT and will not push the timeline back in anyway. We want to ensure the success of this project and believe this is necessary for that reason. The new silicone strap manufacturer that we will be using has the following timelines for production, (2x faster that the previous one): -Technical drawing lead-time: 3-5 days -Tooling lead-time and first tooled sample: 25-30 days after confirmation of the technical drawing -Mass production lead-time: 30 days after confirmation with sample. In the past few days - 9/13/14 - This past Saturday I received the newest rendition of the bezel and the backlight (housing) from Fine Line Prototyping as planned and the two parts fit the case like a glove. Perfect in every way. The screen fits inside the bezel nicely and sits sturdily between the new higher support walls that were added. I received 4 copies of each part and immediately shipped 2 to the Secret Labs team (CW and Anthony). New bezel wall can be seen here: <url> The movement sample containing my suggested solution for the lack of a contact point on the current AGENT movement/board that needs to be added to interact with the watch pushers arrived. I am waiting to meet with CW to go over the construction so that SL can implement it (or work on another solution) onto their circuit board. I have sent over the request to get together and Im waiting to hear back. Aside from contact point issue that I mentioned above, it would be nice if we could meet up get and review the watch case together with all the parts in hand. You can see the part (contact point) Im referring to in this video here: <url> The bezel and the backlight housing that I shipped to Anthony and Chris this past Saturday arrives in their hands. Actually in Anthonys hands first and he then has to ship Chris his parts. (That is the protocol for shipping SL set up for me.) 9/17/14  Conference call with Anthony and Chris Walker in the morning. -One talking point will be discussing what SL wants me to change with the Silicone Strap. Once I get some feed back, we will have that design done and sent over by the days end. (i.e. remove House of Horology from one side of the strap since its on both) -Another talking point will be the final coil design, but even more specifically the shape/design of the coil shield. -Getting an actual backlight for testing. Seeing the cords/connections that will be inside the watch from the backlight. Understanding how and where the backlight wiring fits/sits. 9/18/14  Case/(old)coil/AGENT movement arrive to me from Hong Kong. Since I share a movement & coil with the overseas manufacturer, I requested that those parts get shipped to me so that I can do a final review. - Along with the movement and coil, I will be receiving another AGENT watch case, which is for Secret Labs so that they can do a review and hopefully approve everything for mass production. 9/19/14 Conference call with Secret Labs in the morning. The movement (inner case) housing that was sent to 3D print on 9/15 arrives in HOH hands and the review can then begin with all parts in hand. I also receive the new caseback with larger holes for the screws along with the movement holder from Proto Labs. At this point I should have everything I need in hand to do a final review. Actually, I will not have a working backlight, or backlight at all, only the backlight housing. But, as I understand it, that is fine for a fit-test since it sits inside the housing. Just want to see the wiring of the backlight to ensure that no more changes need to be made to other parts of the internals (such as the backlight housing) but we will get to that very soon. Also, I am working on showing the before and after of the parts that were changed through 2D and 3D illustrations and will send those over very soon in an update to Secret Labs. I will keep you all updated as we move through the final stages of this project and as things develop. -Lawrence HOH Watches @Kani Are you maintaining the list? If so will you please email at <email> SInce delivery of the watch seems to still be quite a ways out and somewhat uncertain, and because I have experience with NETMF and mostly want to tinker anyway, I am willing to accept the following substitute reward: One complete watch+charger 'kit', including the full BOM of electronic and charger components and watch case components as they exist today, unassembled (but with all circuit board components mounted), and either with firmware loaded or with whatever toolchain and assets that I need in order to flash firmware. That is, everything to build a functioning watch as it currently exists - even if I can't actually close the case or wear it. If I can get the firmware to load and get any minimalistic bluetooth-paired smoke-test app of my own design to run, I will return here to publicly confirm that this thing can actually fly (at least technically). Consider this to be an independent progress audit, or just a great way to get rid of me - whatever - but it should be a cheap move with a fair bit of upside for the project. I am willing to execute a mutually agreeable NDA and mutually agreed reporting back to the backer community. OMG, sorry for mistake. I pasted the list twice. Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including this header then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 5685 Number of Backers 168 Refund Requests 2.96% Backer Percentage 175 174 173 172 171 170 169 168 Jared Tulio 167 Wing Hui 166 DeMario Vitalis 165 Justin Nunan 164 Chiranjeevi Gupta 163 Richard Wood 162 sabsteef 161 Robbie Hodge 160 Ashley Smith 159 chew 158 Vincent L 157 Chad Bentz 156 Lloyd 155 Paul Newman 154 Chris Anderson 153 Nick Martin 152 Arvinder Ghataore 151 James Gooch 150 Karsten Poppe 149 Ricky 148 Michael Ahmels 147 PGT 146 Bryan 145 Marcus Bosch 144 Chris Jung 143 Diego Ortega 142 Brett Tuling 141 Tsunglung Yang 140 Mervyn Lee 139 Christoph Dreyer 138 Michel de Nijs 137 Frank Schmidberger 136 Bernado Piereck 135 Ben Gelb 134 brent b 133 Jake Censored 132 Keng Yew 131 1613219339 130 Bobby Dowling 129 Mark Oh 128 Beth Parker-O'Brien 127 Benjamin Dam 126 Manuel Prieto 125 Warren 124 Jurgen Elfrink 123 Andres Cantillo 122 IOso 121 Jorge Alberto Rubio Casanueva 120 Lucian Pop 119 Arckal 118 Daniel 117 Julien Tessier 116 Chris Jutting 115 Jonas Hennen 114 Timur Zanagar 113 Brian Driscall 112 Peter Cavanagh 111 Dean Forbes 110 Miguel Masse 109 Mehmed Bayram 108 Kian Way? 107 Dean Parkes 106 Jeremy Iliev 105 Bryan Brandau 104 Gerald Koo 103 Peter Stollreiter 102 Laur Lohmus 101 Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen 97 Kumar Jhuremalani 96 Kevin Piol 95 Chris Wong 94 Ovsep Ambartsumyan 93 Robert Wu 92 Daniel Hirshleifer 91 kani 90 RJ 89 Ray Seah 88 Gary A. 87 Brandon H 86 Ty Jero 85 Cornelis Wilcocks 84 Joseph Lee 83 Nathaniel Gori 82 Franky_B 81 Michael Klinge 80 Colton S. 79 Paul Eagles 78 Zack Jones 77 Derick Wong 76 Deansy 75 Mark Wallace 74 Samuel Hayes 73 Christian Massi 72 Martin Calsyn 71 Marco Morbin 70 Stefan D. Poulsen 69 YJiang 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 9 dan nguyen 8 OSKEE 7 Suresh 6 Sean P. McAdam 5 Pierre Bjurdelius 4 Lucas Ebaugh 3 Garrett Newman 2 Harley 1 Nathan Vergin 170 169 168 Jared Tulio 167 Wing Hui 166 DeMario Vitalis 165 Justin Nunan 164 Chiranjeevi Gupta 163 Richard Wood 162 sabsteef 161 Robbie Hodge 160 Ashley Smith 159 chew 158 Vincent L 157 Chad Bentz 156 Lloyd 155 Paul Newman 154 Chris Anderson 153 Nick Martin 152 Arvinder Ghataore 151 James Gooch 150 Karsten Poppe 149 Ricky 148 Michael Ahmels 147 PGT 146 Bryan 145 Marcus Bosch 144 Chris Jung 143 Diego Ortega 142 Brett Tuling 141 Tsunglung Yang 140 Mervyn Lee 139 Christoph Dreyer 138 Michel de Nijs 137 Frank Schmidberger 136 Bernado Piereck 135 Ben Gelb 134 brent b 133 Jake Censored 132 Keng Yew 131 1613219339 130 Bobby Dowling 129 Mark Oh 128 Beth Parker-O'Brien 127 Benjamin Dam 126 Manuel Prieto 125 Warren 124 Jurgen Elfrink 123 Andres Cantillo 122 IOso 121 Jorge Alberto Rubio Casanueva 120 Lucian Pop 119 arckal 118 Daniel 117 Julien Tessier 116 Chris Jutting 115 Jonas Hennen 114 Timur Zanagar 113 Brian Driscall 112 Peter Cavanagh 111 Dean Forbes 110 Miguel Masse 109 Mehmed Bayram 108 Kian Way? 107 Dean Parkes 106 Jeremy Iliev 105 Bryan Brandau 104 Gerald Koo 103 Peter Stollreiter 102 Laur Lohmus 101 Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen 97 Kumar Jhuremalani 96 Kevin Piol 95 Chris Wong 94 Ovsep Ambartsumyan 93 Robert Wu 92 Daniel Hirshleifer 91 kani 90 RJ 89 Ray Seah 88 Gary A. 87 Brandon H 86 Ty Jero 85 Cornelis Wilcocks 84 Joseph Lee 83 Nathaniel Gori 82 Franky_B 81 Michael Klinge 80 Colton S. 79 Paul Eagles 78 Zack Jones 77 Derick Wong 76 Deansy 75 Mark Wallace 74 Samuel Hayes 73 Christian Massi 72 Martin Calsyn 71 Marco Morbin 70 Stefan D. Poulsen 69 YJiang 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 9 dan nguyen 8 OSKEE 7 Suresh 6 Sean P. McAdam 5 Pierre Bjurdelius 4 Lucas Ebaugh 3 Garrett Newman 2 Harley 1 Nathan Vergin @Chris of S/L Why do you not respond to our legitimate concerns and requests for refunds for this significantly delayed project? Consolidated List of Agent Backers Requesting a Refund Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including this header then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. 5685 Number of Backers 165 Justin Nunan 164 Chiranjeevi Gupta 163 Richard Wood 162 sabsteef 161 Robbie Hodge 160 Ashley Smith 159 chew 158 Vincent L 157 Chad Bentz 156 Lloyd 155 Paul Newman 154 Chris Anderson 153 Nick Martin 152 Arvinder Ghataore 151 James Gooch 150 Karsten Poppe 149 Ricky 148 Michael Ahmels 147 PGT 146 Bryan 145 Marcus Bosch 144 Chris Jung 143 Diego Ortega 142 Brett Tuling 141 Tsunglung Yang 140 Mervyn Lee 139 Christoph Dreyer 138 Michel de Nijs 137 Frank Schmidberger 136 Bernado Piereck 135 Ben Gelb 134 brent b 133 Jake Censored 132 Keng Yew 131 1613219339 130 Bobby Dowling 129 Mark Oh 128 Beth Parker-O'Brien 127 Benjamin Dam 126 Manuel Prieto 125 Warren 124 Jurgen Elfrink 123 Andres Cantillo 122 IOso 121 Jorge Alberto Rubio Casanueva 120 Lucian Pop 119 arckal 118 Daniel 117 Julien Tessier 116 Chris Jutting 115 Jonas Hennen 114 Timur Zanagar 113 Brian Driscall 112 Peter Cavanagh 111 ?Dean Forbes? 110 Miguel Masse? 109 Mehmed Bayram? 108 Kian Way? 107 Dean Parkes 106 Jeremy Iliev 105 Bryan Brandau 104 Gerald Koo 103 Peter Stollreiter 102 Laur Lohmus 101 Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen 97 Kumar Jhuremalani 96 Kevin Piol 95 Chris Wong 94 Ovsep Ambartsumyan 93 Robert Wu 92 Daniel Hirshleifer 91 kani 90 RJ 89 Ray Seah 88 Gary A. 87 Brandon H 86 Ty Jero 85 Cornelis Wilcocks 84 Joseph Lee 83 Nathaniel Gori 82 Franky_B 81 Michael Klinge 80 Colton S. 79 Paul Eagles 78 Zack Jones 77 Derick Wong 76 Deansy 75 Mark Wallace 74 Samuel Hayes 73 Christian Massi 72 Martin Calsyn 71 Marco Morbin 70 Stefan D. Poulsen 69 YJiang 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 9 dan nguyen 8 OSKEE 7 Suresh 6 Sean P. McAdam 5 Pierre Bjurdelius 4 Lucas Ebaugh 3 Garrett Newman 2 Harley 1 Nathan Vergin I very much appreciate the updates from HoH and the increased presence of @creator here in the comments. This is a meaningful improvement in communications. However, the very public back-and-forth between HoH and SL needs to stop. It's unprofessional. I get the motivation - I get that it was a defensive response to bile here in the comments, but if you people talked *to* each other as much as you talked *about* each other, we might be moving forward more quickly. The technology and details are difficult - we get that, but you have one job and that is to deliver promised rewards, or refunds, in line with the TOS that @creator agreed to when he initiated the project. Please give us reliable timelines and detailed status, and leave the back-biting to your respective lawyers. Hi Everyone, Hope all is well! I will be sending many updates to you guys over the next 24 hours. This will be the first of many. In this video, I am showing the assembly process of the bezel/screen/backlight/ & crystal being inserted/attached to the AGENT watch case using all of the newest parts (bezel & backlight housing) which fit perfectly. This process shows the bezel/screen & backlight first being assembled outside of the watch case and afterwards being inserted. This is one way of assembling those parts. <url>"challenges" with ODMs and it also provides great information about the costs of manufacturing a smart watch: a good perspective to the possible costs of manufacturing Agent watches no matter how "premium" the case will be. If it is possible, Lawrence could comment about the cost of manufacturing the cases or at least give some clue about the costs. I'm still skeptical about the comments how expensive it is to manufacture Agent and how tight the budget is. Please add me to the refund list as well. can you add me to. Add me to the refund list. The fact that is will be the only one with official Windows Phone support should make it stand out pretty well. <url> I think you are mistaken about the delay of receiving my review late. Please have a look at the schedule and timeline of my last post. I am totally on schedule and there has been no delay. I mentioned to you that I worked at the store this entire weekend & and I promised the review by September 15th which is today. All the best, Lawrence HOH Watches When backers first supported your product, the Agent would have been an early entry into the smart watch market. Now, if and when the product ships, it will be an afterthought. I was very interested in your product, now - not so much. I will be purchasing the Apple watch that will probably be on my writs before the Agent. @creator What is the projected date for delivery? Also, have all the electronics been finalized, is the situation that as soon as the cases have been produced it's just a matter of putting the circuit boards in and shipping the product? I am willing to wait until January 2015 and will then be pursuing a refund. @Chris / SL - Why not give us (the small minority) that wants refunds? You are significantly delayed in your work and several of us want out. Please issue refunds and if you continue to refuse, engage in the conversation. @Rick - I believe what you are looking for is a demo of the "Application Framework" and user interface for common system utilities such as settings. You can do some navigating around in the emulator such as pressing crown buttons, etc. Check out these links - there are tons of faces and apps to play with: <url>"Just to clear up any confusion: When you build for the .NET Micro Framework, NETMF *is* the OS." While technically true, it will be a very sad thing indeed if all we really have here is a netduino in a smaller case. The concept as stated at least implied some consistency of experience - and from a developer standpoint in this case it would mean libraries that we could use to help insure consistency of experience. Otherwise this thing is sort of a "wristduino" :) What is really troubling is that there really isn't any serious acknowledgment from Secret Labs of the refund requests. They just seem to sort of pretend it isn't happening (unless I missed where they addressed it). It's pretty dodgy really. If they have no intention of granting them, then say so. Olaf, I'm sorry, I seemed to have missed where chris said the electronics are done. Can you point me to it? @Ben not much if you look at that the electronics are ready and that making the cases has taken up quite a share of money. Anyone care to guess how much cash creator is still holding? Right, so let's see it running on a watch. Let's see some watchfaces, some notifications being displayed, something! If they are working on OS 2.0 already, all that functionality must be working already right? @Daniel >>I'm a developer, and I know the difference between emulator and the actual thing...<< The Emulator runs the actual software. You're right in that it's not a physical hardware device, though. >>@Rich - I would consider that different than the OS. I would also like to see some examples of switching apps and watchfaces and changing settings. I'd also like to see the iPhone/Android/WP app. I'm not that concerned since we are still a couple months out, but it would be cool to see.<< Just to clear up any confusion: When you build for the .NET Micro Framework, NETMF *is* the OS. I think what you want to see is a demo of the apps, including watch faces, and the user experience of switching between them. Pete At this point to stem the flow of refund requests (realistic or not) @creator needs to start earning back some goodwill. Can we see a demo of OS2, just show us something to convince us we are not backing a steam engine in the jet engine world now that Apple, Samsung etc are making serious inroads to market. I have moved from the patient camp, to resigning myself to chasing the refund option, but I am still here to be swayed. I want to believe that this time and effort won't be wasted and that we all get something to be proud of. Please @creator give us something to restore our faith and build up the goodwill again. At this point I would like a refund I'm a developer, and I know the difference between emulator and the actual thing... I think there are actually gonna be a lot of sad people when this whole thing is wrapped up. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 156 Lloyd 155 Paul Newman 154 Chris Anderson 153 Nick Martin 152. Arvinder Ghataore 151. James Gooch 150. Karsten Poppe 149. Ricky 148. Michael Ahmels 147. PGT 146. Bryan 145. Marcus Bosch 144. Chris Jung 143. Diego Ortega 142. Brett Tuling 141. Tsunglung Yang 140. Mervyn Lee 139 Christoph Dreyer 138 Michel de Nijs 137 Frank Schmidberger 136 Bernado Piereck 135 Ben Gelb 134 brent b 133 Jake Censored 132 Keng Yew This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"We are evaluating several premium case materials for production watches and will select the final material based on beauty and wireless performance." ..This from September 11, 2014 "We'll be able to narrow down the case material selection". Over 15 months and 1 million bucks and we haven't answered one of the fundamental questions of the design. my first backed project on Kickstarter and i really regret it, won't be considering kickstarter anymore. The agreement is putting backer on no possibility of getting any refund WOW..... @creator I thank you for your last post. It's the one with the most details you've ever given... But you still haven't answered the basic question of whether the OS even works... We would like a demo of the watch synced to a smartphone of either Android, iOS, or Windows Phone and display notifications, etc. And I would also like for you to prove that the current hardware is capable of running for 7 and 30 days minimum. Also, this is not an investment! @creator Update this weekend? Can some please add me to the refund list thanks Refund is all I want from this project team! I bet the iWatch ships before this thing. This is the project that finally soured my on Kickstarter. I won't be backing any more projects. A good read on ceramic watch case <url>"premium plastic" is something you can tell from look and feel. No idea on the ceramic side; I've never used it or tried it myself. Or even a peek at OS 1.0... Would be great to finally have a peek at OS 2.0 How I add myself to the refund request link ? And how can I ask from amazon/credit card company for refund? If it's possible because the charge was year ago.. @Creator, while you are waiting another 2 months for the case, can you tell/show us more about Agent OS 2.0? @Chris Jutting, Well I would not call it polycarbonate premium for a watch, so it looks like plastic is the only logical choice given the cost, design aspect and time to delivery glean from the communication thus far. A ceramic watch case would need quite a few fit validation as ceramic mold has to be larger due to shrinkage during the sintering process and also I also how to you secure a "wood" type screw thread into ceramic base. @Kueh, I would think polycarbonate, like the plastic used on the Nokia Lumia 920 could be considered premium. Premium Plastic that is do funny @Creator, You mentioned that the watch case can be made of premium plastic, may I know what kind of plastic can be deemed premium? Issue refunds. @michael, the email is correct. Please try again, maybe you forgot how to spell Hotmail . lol. @creator just said what lawrence already said, but he said it with so many more words about the movement & interaction with the pusher. What's the point of going on & on, why can't you speak in plain, clear English rather than purposely dragging on things. @Lawrence, my question to you, have you shared the images with Chris already? If yes, what is this crap about not sharing it with us? If No, can you please do it soon so there is no more bullshit excuse about pictures from him again. Very frustrating that Chris finally gives an update, only because he has to, and we are absolutely no clearer about where things are. You simply cannot post after all this time as if things are okay when we are quite aware they are not. Backers have asked some very specific questions and out of common respect deserve some quick and concise answers. We gave you a million dollars to allow you to follow a dream and make something great. Honestly, is that too much to ask when we are all trying to be patient and courteous? From a backer's perspective, you really do look like a fraudulent opportunist. So why not try your best to move forward in good character? Rick, why post an offer, then put up an invalid email? I should have known better when I saw @hotmail. Refund please. @creator, any news about the OS? Saying that you're working on v.2.0 doesn't really mean anything to us if we don't have any clue about what's in v.1.0... If all delays are related to the hardware, specifically the watchcase... Why not showing us some of the stuff that's ready? @Chris, with all this new found love between SL + HOH, how about you do all your backers a favor and add Lawrence as an official admin of this project so he can post updates? If you are truly moving forward, I don't see why there would be any resistance to officially adding him. Could you explain? Ugh... Updates to Kickstarter projects belong on Kickstarter. Other sites are OPTIONAL. So, the updates should be here (without links to your website to increase hit counts or other sites). There should be no need to link us elsewhere except for registration, shipping, polls (mostly because of some limitations in KS polling system). So, I look forward to seeing an update with information that goes beyond the (nearly) sole subject of the case soon. Hearing about the case for over a year is just plain boring and only represents lack of progress. How about a demo! How about seeing the software in action? How about seeing something other than mechanicals! Thanks @Creator! Dont know why I should believe @creator now. There ve been to many warm words and promises in the past. Refund please! @spaz you make a good point. Just getting my hopes up I guess @Chris Nah I don't think that's gonna happen. Something about wrapping up the design by the end of the month, at least a month for a mold, probably a couple of weeks for tweaks, who knows what's going on with everything else and oh don't forget still need FCC certs and now you're running into major holidays. Think much work gets done between thanksgiving and christmas in the government sector? Its looking good :) I'm hoping this news means that we could possibly have AGENT on our wrists by the end of the year. @Creator - there has been a problem in the past with getting timely photos. Over the last couple weeks, Lawrence has been very aggressive over Facebook in providing them. Is there a change in process to increase the output of these photos? I'm asking respectfully, because I'm concerned about prior update schedules being missed. @Lawrence, Excellent news, thank you for taking initiative. @Olaf, I was assuming the refunds were not being granted except in the case of a total non-delivery. I would only expect those who think the watch is a complete loss even if delivered to take me up on my offer. Great idea as long as i can have no1 And while thinking about that, It would be cool if we have some sort of number on the watch to show the production number. So either programmed in flash, or engraved on the bottom. Some special kickstarter engraving. If we have to wait we want something exclusive with certificate. Or am I over playing my hand now lol .. And if they get one selling on Ebay/Amazon would make much more then the 30% because its becoming an exclusive watch the moment they have left the factory. Hi Rick, if anyone gets a refund they are not getting the watches... For those who want out and do not want any part of this: I am purchasing any watches at 33% (I will cover any paypal fees). I will pay over PayPal immediately. If there are refunds, you will be the one getting that money -I just want what I paid you back:). The watches will be sold at cost to .NET developers or donated to local .NET user groups for projects. I'm not doing this to make money, I'm getting the watches into the hands of people who would be interested in making the ecosystem better. You can contact me at rickjr82 at hotmail. "battery life" Nice guys, keep on going. As for my part, Apple Watch is no competition for the Agent, mainly in terms of design and battery life. Looks promising indeed. I just was reading the requirements for the Apple watch and it looks like it requires charging everyday! Outch,, <url> I returned home to NY after an 8 day long business trip in HK working mainly on the AGENT. -9/9/14  Anthony the project manager for HOH from Secret Labs gave his 2 week notice and will be leaving the project on 9/24/14. He is sticking around a bit longer to help foster a smooth transition and is leaving for personal reasons. He is a great guy and I appreciate everything he did. My hat is off to you Sir Anthony! -9/10/14  Chris Walker joins our conference call for the first time in a long while. It was a 1 hour and 45 minute call. We discussed every aspect of what was left with the project as well as some issues I had as well as some that he had. It was great to finally work and speak to Chris Walker. I hope things change now and that everything ends on a bright note. -9/11/14 - While on the call with Chris Walker yesterday I promised to help (put him in the right direction) him finish the movement/circuit board so that the contact point on the movement can interact with the watch pusher. I have a special movement on the way that will be a perfect example for CW and SL so that they can complete the movement/board. This is the email I sent this morning to Chris and attached/below it you can see the actual part I am referring to : -Hi Chris, -I have something on the way to me that has the perfect construction I think for your movement/board. It is being shipped to me from overseas now. I have attached the photo for you to see. Please do not share this photo. (I changed my mind about sharing it) This is the perfect construction and you can copy the way its constructed and add it to your movement/board. -I will need to meet with you to work on this part. It can not leave my hands. Thank you for understanding. -Best, Lawrence <url>s going on over the next few days/week.*** -9/12/14  The housing for the inside of the watch/movement will be complete and sent over for 3D printing. -9/13/14  I expect to receive the new backlight housing and bezel from Fine Line Prototyping this Saturday and will begin the testing immediately. I ordered 4 parts and will ship them out to everyone involved immediately. -9/14/14  9/15/14  I will be sending a full review of everything that has been done to CW of Secret Labs as well as sharing with it with you guys. -9/19/14  I expect to have the new housing in my hand for testing by latest, next Friday and will begin fit testing immediately. (I ordered 4 parts and will ship them out to everyone involved immediately.) After I test the housing I will send out my review to CW and everyone to see. -We are in the final stages of this project and hope to be in mass production very soon! All the best, Lawrence HOH Watches @Marco Morbin, +1. @Anthony: That's Lawrence's Facebook page, the guy from HoH, the only one respectful enough towards the project and the backers to post updates and images regarding the development of this piece of junk which is still considered as the world's smartest watch by his @creator. Chris' contribution to this discussion and the project in general is risible. What do you think about that.......... <url>"...there are still well over 5000 backers who want this project to succeed..." - Try making a list (preferably NOT in the comments) of backers who "want the project to succeed". Just because they don't log in here and post that they want a refund doesn't mean the opposite is true. It's likely a small minority of people who are commenting here at all. The more useful thing to do would be a survey with two options, refund vs no refund and get a percentage of people seeking refunds. I'm guessing it'd be higher than 154/5685 (~3%). @Paul M, time to wake up man:) Also, the announcement that the Apple Watch will be $350 and only work with iPhone has actually made me happier to be an AGENT backer. That is, if/when AGENT materializes out of this development fog. @Matt so you're saying that just because someone doesn't post here they want the project to succeed? They could also be so bored of the whole thing they just gave up. Also, people that didn't back for a watch would have no reason to ask for refunds. Am I the only one who is *encouraged* by the evidence that SL might be trying to find a backup supplier? Obviously that's not something I want to happen, since I backed this as a SL+HoH joint, but at the very least it implies that SL is not just taking our money and running. They wouldn't bother looking for a backup supplier if that was the case. (no pun intended) Stop spamming with your refund list, there are still well over 5000 backers who want this project to succeed. Take it somewhere else you are ruining the comments section for the vast majority. To the guys saying "stop spamming here with the list": Can't you see it is the only solid thing about the whole project? Btw @Lawrence: I hope you got your money at the beginning, it would be such a waste if you got into troubles for this mess. I will try to stop by at HoH next time I am in Soho. [not THE Chris] I can understand the disappointment, but it's filling up the Comments, and not very useful overall. If Chris made a reply it would get lost. I, for one (?!), will be thrilled if or when the Agent makes it out. Having a watch I can program will really make my day. Kickstarters sometimes don't make it, but I'm hoping this will result in a package at my door. I watch early 2015 - wonder which will be first... Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 154 Chris Anderson 153 Nick Martin 152. Arvinder Ghataore 151. James Gooch 150. Karsten Poppe 149. Ricky 148. Michael Ahmels 147. PGT 146. Bryan 145. Marcus Bosch 144. Chris Jung 143. Diego Ortega 142. Brett Tuling 141. Tsunglung Yang 140. Mervyn Lee 139 Christoph Dreyer 138 Michel de Nijs 137 Frank Schmidberger 136 Bernado Piereck 135 Ben Gelb 134 brent b 133 Jake Censored 132 Keng Yew This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"Assembled in USA Secret Labs manufactures its electronics products in the USA. Likewise, we plan to assemble AGENT's advanced circuit boards and the watch itself in the USA. Building AGENT smartwatches in the USA speeds our time to market, reduces our manufacturing risk, and enables us to build the watch with exacting standards. It also helps employ our neighbors, which we love." Now I should have paid better attention to the assemble part. I assumed with the comment of reducing manufacturing risk they were making parts here at least on the level of getting all their ducks in a row before going mass manufacture in China. Clearly this wasn't the case, and look at all the manufacturing issues that have come up. Like others have said, working with Chinese manufacturers is a big enough pain when you have a relationship, going alone is crazy. Once I worked with A very well known Chinese electronics manufacturer on a product. I actually was working in one of their buildings in the states interfacing with people physically in front if me plus the folks over in China. Even then it was a pita and several days I wanted to pull my hair out. Their own people couldn't communicate effectively with each other. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 145. Marcus Bosch 144. Chris Jung 143. Diego Ortega 142. Brett Tuling 141. Tsunglung Yang 140. Mervyn Lee 139 Christoph Dreyer 138 Michel de Nijs 137 Frank Schmidberger 136 Bernado Piereck 135 Ben Gelb 134 brent b 133 Jake Censored 132 Keng Yew 131 1613219339 This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"final assembly" would be in the US and that HOH recommended Winston Watches in the ASIA to produce the housings. 2) The people @ SL would not know about the pushers a few weeks ago. Well if you look at the updates again the problems where already show in an update and that it was still a point of error. Again already stated in an update that the pushers where not ok so its not something that just popped up last week. 3) Stating that the Watch cases was the last minor thing to do is probably in SL's view correct. The mainboard is ready the engineering part for the charger is ready. So that big chunk of work is done. So for SL its minor for HOH its their biggest chunk. 4) There is now news about the electronics. There is probably not much news because certification requires the final parts come together including the watch case. The I assume is done as the PCB is ready and the charger is finalized after certification. So there is information and a lot of the stated things about who is doing what and where are in the updates it self. This is in no way to defend SL or HOH! It is just a small overview was is in the updates and comments here. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 140 Wing Hui 139 Christoph Dreyer 138 Michel de Nijs 137 Frank Schmidberger 136 Bernado Piereck 135 Ben Gelb 134 brent b 133 Jake Censored 132 Keng Yew 131 1613219339 I hope SL starts giving refunds. And if they are going to take out HoH from the equation I do not think the watch will even have 1% of the hype that it had before. I had pledged for a HoH + SL watch and will not settle for anything less! Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 139 Christoph Dreyer 138 Michel de Nijs 137 Frank Schmidberger 136 Bernado Piereck 135 Ben Gelb 134 brent b 133 Jake Censored 132 Keng Yew 131 1613219339 130 Bobby Dowling This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"Estimated certification costs: $75,000" - Your original KS target was 100,000 so how do you square that? $75K also seems on the high side as you will only need to get FCC approval on the bluetooth element. 2) The assembly and warranty contract was with HoH and yet you're saying that you're setting this up elsewhere. Who with and why? 3) On costs and using a rough production run of 5685 (must be more than that - likely 6000) you're up to $673K for the watch and $145K for the QI. Shipping $100K (based on $17.50 average). Cert $75K (?). HoH so far $60K. Plus $40K in design mould fees etc Based on the figures you've given us and based on exactly 5,685 (which you can't do) that comes to $1,093,000. As you say that excludes final moulds, engineering and management fees. You have also said that your "team" are putting the cost of the watch higher so this appears best case scenario. My guess is that you have also been taking a fee out of the pot. So at best you appear to be $80K short. And that is best case scenario as I mentioned. Are your figures wrong or have you just announced the money has run out? 4) You say that Lawrence wasn't in the conference call. But as Lawrence has even stated below it is clear that he was in the air. Why are you only personally entering into a conference call with him at this late stage? 5) When was the last time you (Chris) personally spoke to Lawrence at HoH? 6) Who exactly are the people directly employed by Secret Labs? You speak in the plural but everything I have seen so far indicates you're a one man band. Nothing wrong with that but I prefer openness and honesty. 7) Can you explain OS v2.0 and the improvements over V1.0. Most backers who post also want to understand the functionality and how you plan to resurrect the developer community. 8) Assuming that the figures are wrong on some way what are your timescales based on timelines? It would be beneficial to be accurate because we have had timescales from you before. Even better would be your Gantt chart being published. (if anything to prove you actually have one) 9) What will the case be made of? 10) What glass will you be using on the front? 11) What material will the back be constructed from? Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 138 Michel de Nijs 137 Frank Schmidberger 136 Bernado Piereck 135 Ben Gelb 134 brent b 133 Jake Censored 132 Keng Yew 131 1613219339 130 Bobby Dowling This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"seemingly-mountainous task of getting the space set up for what will be the AGENT warranty/service/fulfillment center as well as management, backer engagement and more." That says nothing about China Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 137 Frank Schmidberger 136 Bernado Piereck 135 Ben Gelb 134 brent b 133 Jake Censored 132 Keng Yew 131 1613219339 130 Bobby Dowling This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url> not a store to buy prototypes. While this is true, the project still should have shipped within a reasonable amount of time around the estimated ship time  barring the occasional road block. New frustrations have arisen toward this project in the wake of new products from Motorola and Apple, that render this device a proverbial Sony Walkman of smartwatches. #obsolete @Olaf See? Other people think you have an attitude. I am just trying to figure out what is happening with this project, however, with all of the refund posts, I can't glean any information. Can someone sum up the current status of this project(w/out bias)? @olaf I love your attitude For those of us who go through these comments to get an update of what's going on all around, the refund list and "I want a refund" posts really do get in the way. I get why they're there, and I'm not making a judgment call on the requests or intents, but they really don't help. I see there's a bit.ly link with that in there. Probably no reason to repeat it more than once a page. Spamming the comments list is just going to make everyone more irritable. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 133 Keng Yew 132 1613219339 131 Bobby Dowling 130 Mark Oh This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"Let it Go" memorized? Hmm Agent watch will be open and programmable, IWatch well you can watch it .. Not sure where you live but January 2014 has passed by ;) @Andrew - January 2014. Remember when we all thought we'd have gotten it by then? Oh man. -- Repost because of drift -.- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 132 1613219339 131 Bobby Dowling 130 Mark Oh This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen 97 Kumar Jhuremalani 96 Kevin Piol 95 Chris Wong 94 Ovsep Ambartsumyan 93 Robert Wu 92 Daniel Hirshleifer 91 kani 90 RJ 89 Ray Seah 88 Gary A. 87 Brandon H 86 Ty Jero 85 Cornelis Wilcocks 84 Joseph Lee 83 Nathaniel Gori 82 Franky_B 81 Michael Klinge 80 Colton S. 79 Paul Eagles 78 Zack Jones 77 Derick Wong 76 Deansy 75 Mark Wallace 74 Samuel Hayes 73 Christian Massi 72 Martin Calsyn 71 Marco Morbin 70 Stefan D. Poulsen 69 YJiang 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 9 dan nguyen 8 OSKEE 7 Suresh 6 Sean P. McAdam 5 Pierre Bjurdelius 4 Lucas Ebaugh 3 Garrett Newman 2 Harley 1 Nathan Vergin This is the second KS project I have backed that has failed (at this point I considered it a fail). The watch is already very outdated, not even considering the apple announce. I understand that KS is not a store, but with projects this big they need to be held accountable. If the refund list is valid (probably not) please add me to it. Would love to hear the successful charge back story as well! @simon someone I know in California managed a charge back I don't know if the laws in USA are the same in each state Apple watch <url>"numbers" prove to be a last-ditch effort to try (and fail) to provide the information we crave. @Creator's comment about the missed conference call was just disgusting! I think the curtain has fallen and we've been given a glimpse of @Creator's manner of business and I don't like it one bit. I didn't think I'd ever be joining the refund-requesting backers but because I expected a premium watch by the end of 2013 and I don't believe that is what we'll receive, nor will it be any time soon (thinking end of 2015, if lucky), I too am requesting a refund. I think @Richard described this project at its current state best: its a "farce". Sorry, comment below should read: "I cannot see that Chris will refund us by choice." @Mehmed, I see your point @Creator, with those financials remind me how you were supposed to make due with the $100k you asked for initially? @simon, can you advise on best route to request refund (if possible?). I cannot see that Chris will not refund us by choice. Amazon and credit card company will surely not be able to assist as the money was deducted more than a year ago? I am sure all will be interested in a way to way to get our money back if possible. @Chris Jutting, I was trying to say that, when Apple and Microsoft enter the smartwatch game, the number of people requesting refund will increase even faster. Just check the latest comments here: almost all (I counted 7 out of 10, if not mistaken) of the newest refund requests came from the backers who wrote "nothing" on this project before, but just came to ask for a refund. Thanks Lawrence for posting. I predicted Lawrence would be stiffed and so it is coming to pass. I hope you get a decent lawyer because you need to. Thanks also for supporting what I said last week about setting up new Chinese suppliers. Unless you have a trusted contact then this route by SL is madness. So here we are. Some of the idiots below still support SL. Let them. They don't have a iphone and many don't have a clue. They certainly won't have an AGENT watch anytime soon. Possibly ever. @spaztastic - No I didn't figure in any costs Chris himself didn't post. For example I have taken his watch cost at face value. Rubbish Android watches on Alibaba are going for around $130 so he may have put some margin in there. He hasn't said how much he has paid Anthony nor how much he has raided from the piggy bank for what I think we can all agree is first class project management (/sarcasm). Watches tend (ed) to run on very good margins when I was in the industry. Who knows? I think what we can assume is that if Chris figures are correct then the project is just about screwed. The only way to deliver would be to use cheap materials but even then it would be tighter than gnats anal passage imo. Me? Well with the financials looking ropey and all the other stuff going on I just don't trust Chris Walker. In addition I don't want to be poisoned by unethical practices. So I'm out. I have asked Chris by PM for a refund and will also approach Amazon payments before going the credit card company. Thanks to some on here who have tried, as I have, to get some action. Roma, Joshua etc - you know who you are. We have all failed but unlike some others on here at least we tried. Thanks to Lawrence for trying his best. I will buy you that drink I promised when I visit next year. I will also likely buy a watch from you. I don't think Chris started out wanting to con people. I think originally he likely wanted a great watch. But a series of factors has brought us to this point. When push comes to shove peoples true personalities come out and frankly Chris just doesn't seem to be a very nice person. Shame. I just hope I never meet him at a MS event. Good luck to all to those that are waiting for the worlds smartest watch made of premium materials and assembled in the USA. Ya going to need it unless you visit the apple store. Bye Add me to the official list of people requesting a refund! Add me into Refund list, I have been waiting for same as others here. Add me to the official list of people requesting a refund. This forum is filled with people venting their frustration and disappointment in the other peoples meaningless excuses. I'm officially done with this project. For a long time I stood up for @creatorin the face of people wanting refunds etc, but this has now truly become a farce. I'm not intending to do a chargeback because this is kickstarter - not a store, but I do feel rather sour about the whole experience and what not appears to have been total BS from @creator @creator can you comment on what is going on in Lawrence's post? Why can't you give the small proportion of people asking for refunds, a refund. is this here a crowdsourced script for a b-movie. amazing journey. @Alex the 315 Bleecker address is a store; I went there in search of SL a couple months back. The other address I also looked into (174 W 4th St) is a PO Box. Secret Labs LLC, 315 Bleecker St #308, New York, NY 10014 I just found this address on a Net Duino blog, is this the same one that is a PO box? @Mehmed, this has nothing to do with apple or MS, but rather the deceptive practices of SL screwing over not only his so-called partner, but the backers as well. Changing suppliers at this point is going to push back production even more than it already has been. @Creator: I've been patiently watching the 'progress' of this project, and filtering out the more over-the-top comments here. I'm well aware how project schedules can slip, but unfortunately your lack of communication of late has severely dented my confidence. You won't be seeing a request for refund from me, unless the whole project goes down the tubes and we all (hopefully) get something back. I didn't go into this with blinkers on, not knowing that 'Kickstarter wasn't a store': it was a speculative investment. It's my only Kickstarter so far, purely because nothing else has really grabbed me like Agent. I still want the watch - I'm a Windows Phone user of long standing and I couldn't give a toss about an iWantWanOfThoseWatch or fAndroid Wear. But here's the thing: the project subheading at the top of this page reads "by Secret Labs + House of Horology". If they are a contractor ("regarding budget: for the AGENT Smartwatch project so far, we have paid over $60,000 to House of Horology."), why did they get equal billing? I think I know: their cool watch designs and experience in that part of the market gave you what you needed to convince people that this wasn't another plasticky Pebble-a-like. And now we come to the events of the last few days: lots of good new info from Lawrence; obvious frustration from him at the lack of collaboration going on (your latest comment about him missing a conf call really was rather low); and now a quest for moving to new case/strap/lens suppliers. Tell us straight: is all you can afford now a plastic case? So much for 'premium'. Sorry Chris, seriously disappointed: and forget Agent 2.0, just get the hardware and 1.0 out the door! I believe this is the first time I am quoting myself. On Sep 2 2014: (quote) I would like to conclude this with a quick prediction: Right after Apple and then Microsoft (and I mean "especially Microsoft" as Agent was supposed to be the first fully Windows Phone 8 compatible smartwatch and was featured in almost every Windows Phone blog, which was the sole reaspn (sic) I backed this...) would have presented their wearables, that percentage will only go up exponentially! (quote) Same as Chris Jutting here: this is going nowhere, so I want a refund. Or maybe it's time to get a charge back? I've waited patiently for AGENT, but if Lawrences comment below regarding SL lying to HoH and sending someone to HK looking for new vendors without speaking to Lawrence first I am absolutely disgusted, and do not want to be a part of this any more. Consider this my official request for a refund. This user's account has been deleted. All i have to say Accoding to Creator it will cost 158.91 to still make each watch and ship it, we SHould have the option to get refunded that portion of the money, after all its less than 2% asking for them... dont have an iphone Hi! Sorry but this has taken way too long. Please refund my money, too. An iPhone is required for Apple Watch, so not standalone. Hi Chris, Sorry, but it's taking to long. Please refund my money. And at 1:00 p.m you became irrelevant as Apple enters the market. or even better yet it still will cost you 158.91 to produce the watch and ship it, im fine with eating the 20 dollar loss and just taking the money of mine which has not already been spent according to you 12 hours ago Sorry, this has just taken too long. I would like a refund as well. @ Chris / Creator can we have you response? Also can i have a refund, Also why did u charge Us 50 is the QI is only 25? And there's the AppleWatch. Time's up, guys. Hope all is well everyone! -I need to take a moment to clear some things up. -Id like to start by saying that I find it kind of funny that the first time in months Chris Walker is on a conference call (an unscheduled conference call at that) is when he knows I am in the air flying back from Hong Kong. Even the backers knew as well as Anthony that I am flying back on Monday morning. It doesnt make sense to me. -Secondly, I would like to explain the reason for my delayed update. -The reason Anthony and Chris did not get my update within 24 hours was due to something interesting that occurred on Saturday morning and most definitely changed my day (and my Sunday) and threw me a loop. This loop thrown to me is one of the reasons I wanted to chat with Roma and Joshua. I will now explain the event that occurred and reason for the delay. -On Saturday morning as Im eating breakfast in the Hotel around 10:30am I got an email from a strap supplier of mine that was exhibiting at the HKWCF. This is how it read - --SOS CURTIS FROM SECRET LABS JUST CAME INTO THE BOOTH. I recognized "secret labs" on his name tag....I told him that we are making the straps for the agent watch.....he looked shocked.....-- -Strap Supplier -I immediately dropped my fork and knife, emailed the supplier that Im on my way, and ran over to the booth to see if I could catch Curtus so we can chat. This was an opportunity for me to finally see someone from secret labs that I can actually speak to face to face with. I was hoping to find him and have a sit down. I had to know what was going on. Why he was there? What is he up to? What is Chris doing? Is Chris working on this without me? I had many questions about Curtus being there. I felt backstabbed again and did not know what to do. -I believe he went into this booth my mistake because he did not recognize the suppliers name since it is different at the HK fair. At the HK fair they use a Chinese name which is different from the English company name used here in the US. Or Curtus may have no idea about anything going on with the AGENT. Not sure. This is the first time I have ever heard of this guy Curtus. -I got a description of Curtus  Caucasian, alone, about 5 foot 10, nerdy disposition wearing glasses, a little overweight, short brown hair gelled back, well put together wearing a blue striped button down shirt, (no tie) tucked into khaki colored parts. I then spent the entire day looking for him, with my strap supplier helping out. Unfortunately we did not find him that day or the following day either. I then emailed Chris asking to tell me what is going on. Is he ousting me from the project? I wanted to know the deal! Hence the delayed update that I promised to Secret Labs. -Also I later found out the same information from another supplier of mine - that they were contacted by SL requesting a price on an exact AGENT part. -Thus I started thinking and realized that Chris sent somebody to the fair to possibly find another silicone supplier, leather strap supplier, packaging supplier, crystal supplier, case manufacturer all behind my back. -Forming new relationships without working with a supplier in the past is not smart and dangerous unless you have been introduced to them by someone that has worked with them and can attest to them being perfect in everyway and still you may find out otherwise. Everyone I work with has an outstanding & tested reputation. This is a dangerous game to play. If SL does not like one of the suppliers I have provided for any reason, such as quality, SL can tell me and I can give them another reputable one. For example, If the silicone quality is not good for secret labs, I have a few others I can easily recommend. There are many qualities that you cant see by looking for a supplier this way. Honesty, great communication, quality, good pricing without any gimmicks, delivery promises being kept, integrity, formed trust that they wont copy your product. These are all things one cannot establish immediately before doing any business together. I have learned the hard way before! I will leave you all with one of my favorite quotes: "If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything!!" -Mark Twain -Lawrence HOH Watches Well the apple watch had been announced. Time to apply for my charge back. @Mirco Klein: Money orders and personal checks as well as PayPal are avenues for refunds that I have seen applied here on KS. So, don't give up. Maybe, there is a solution for you if the project creator is inclined to accommodate. @Simon For your numbers, did you you take into account KS took 5% and Amazon took up to 5% before SL got any of the money? @Simon, so you are just looking for revenge because you don't like someone's lack of communication? I recommend not getting married. @Kumar I have no desire to help him succeed, I want a watch. Making threats (even pointless ones) and calling names is not an effective way of motivating anyone. "I'm going to the media" is a pretty hilarious and ineffective tactic, so I'm just taking the opportunity to point that out. Rick - I agree it's not ideal but informing people may mean that in the future people will be aware of his reputation. As I say I hope he communicates and answers the questions we've all been asking. I hope he produces magic and delivers a superb watch. But I'm not holding my breath. So in a small way I hope that should he stiff us my actions will lose him money in the future. I don't care if stuff is late if communication is clear but it hasn't been. To compound it I don't consider his input to be that honest. I think we have a responsibility to let the world know if we get shafted. Richard - I want the facts to all be straight. I just emailed Adam and he refuted that learning something has kept him away. Instead, his job has kept him busy, and he has recently contacts Chris about getting back into communication. I don't think that changes much, but I thought it ought be known. @Richard, what else is there to know? The outlook is already bleak but what other information do you know that will confirm how disastrous this project has become? #refund or #rage Richard I agree - from what I have learned, I will most likely be out, too. I am trying a last ditch effort, but I doubt it will work. Creator is running a dog and pony show at this point. Post the numbers w/o substance, and distract from the real questions. Don't post a timeline, just more vague nonsense. Throw in a jab to the guy you are about to ouster. Repeat as needed. This user's account has been deleted. Yay for some updates, well done @creator. Now let's see if we can keep it up a little more frequently. I apologize for making up lies, the "hates cats" part, I got caught up in the mob mentality here Simon could have got a charge back ages ago as he is from the UK, he just wants revenge as this project hasn't turned out the way he would like. I suggest you make this your first and last Kickstarter Simon as virtually all the projects on here are late. @Rick Digital PR if done correctly is more effective than print media. Stop putting Simon down and help him instead maybe? Any leads to Endgadget, Techcrunch, wired? anything would help at this stage. @Roma based on @Creators figures & Simon's calculations me calling him a LIAR & THIEF is quite legit won't you say? @Simon, that has to be one of the weaker attempts I have seen. If you don't give me a refund, I will put mean words about you in random spots on the internet. I can't see that threat changing anyone's behavior, but best of luck. @Simon WRT refunds I hope you mean - The other option is that Chris gives those that requested them refunds. ;-) Not really - it is just when I get time to do stuff and currently this week is very busy and is going to get worse. So it will be when I next get a chance which is likely going to be over the weekend or early next week. I would prefer Chris didn't keep us backers waiting that long though. @Simon, Do you have a deadline or ultimatum for SL to answer the questions posted here? @Rick - Although it will go to the print media my main target is digital media. I'm not that bothered about the credibility of the site publishing either. The story isn't about AGENT per se. The main target will be to have the name Chris Walker and Secret Labs on web pages that at least get some circulation. This will only be done in the small amount of spare time I have and will be followed by other stuff. My target will be that if anyone googles Netduino, Chris Walker or Secret Labs will see on page one negative information about how we, the backers, have been treated. It will be no more than a hobby. Of course Chris can always come back on here and be honest with the backers and answer our questions and I can save myself some time. The other option is that Chris gives me a refund. If he did I would go away. @Mirco - I agree with you on both counts. Even if the watch does come, I think the innovation value is gone, so it's a bit of a loss either way. Time to market in this space was more important than most of the things that were cited as factors in the delay. Just being there mattered more than having the niftiest back-light. I just wanted what the initial prospectus offered. Chances are, I'd have purchased a second one if they continued to innovate. Now I'd just be happy to have a watch (or refund) so that I can feel that I didn't get totally suckered. @micro Kleen - for me you last paragraph his of note. This has certainly taught me to do better research before I invest in another project. With this I heard that it was really hot and well over target so I jumped in. Spend in haste...... Be interesting to hear from Chris on the questions raised. @Richard Somehow, I knew that such a comment would come. It's this type of comment which would me also make falter before I post anything. I know that Chris has his problems in communication but everytime he posts something, there's at least someone who accuses him of lying or something else. This is not really motivating to posty anything else if it's always getting teared down until the smallest piece only to make some noise @Topic I'm reading the comments here and personally I still don't know what to do. I will probably wait as long as I have to until I get my watch and it if never comes - well, then it's life. This is still Kickstarter, this is all the real shit we have to experience. If SL would be a company like apple, then we would hear from the agent when it's coming out in a few months but since we're on KS and SL is rather small so they needed KS to raise the funds to develop a new (for them) product, then we also get all the small pieces which happen during development of a new product. As said, things like this also happen when apple is developing their new iphone but we'll never get any clue from it because it happens behind closed doors. All we get is the good news. Anyway, even if this watch will never come, the money will be lost for me because I paid it with my prepaid credit card which is now canceled so I could not even try to get a chargeback even if I wanted to. So all I can do is hope for the watch. When I look at the reason why I backed this watch, then it will probably still serve me well And now I'm waiting for the first comment which targets any of my statements as ever. Ready, set go! @Matt, not worried. I'm not a witch. I weigh more than a duck. If the product is solid, developers will be there. Careful Rick , Simon will want to burn you at the stake for comments like that. @Simon, I don't think a press release will be very effective. Print media may be having a rough time, but "My KickStarter smartwatch is delayed" isn't at the top of their list. Maybe just write a blog post, at least then your immediate family may read it. I am grateful to Chris for providing the responses he has here. More updates, more engagement, and more hard data can only improve things - good or bad, nobody will have to guess where we stand. Even with generous error bars, the financials do see to indicate a shortfall. Chris - is that your assessment as well? The tone of the communication is very disappointing. You are both supposed to be professionals. Kiss and make up and get the job done, or split, but there is no third option which benefits backers and involves airing your dirty laundry. Lawrence seems to be highly motivated to talk with Chris and Chris claims to be highly motivated to talk with Lawrence. Two such intelligent and highly motivated folks ought to be able to work out a simple phone call sometime in the very (very!) near future. And if you can't, for whatever reason, rebuild a professional working relationship, then one or both of you ought to engage some business and self-preservation skills and walk. I respect HoH and Lawrence and I believe he is trying to do good by us - but he deliver the project alone. If HoH can't make it work, knowing when to call it good is a critical business skill. If the deal is dead, hanging on is just delaying an inevitable outcome. I respect Chris as an engineer and have sold and supported his Netduino products with my own customers and used them myself. But as a project integrator and with respect to investor relations, SL and Chris are still failing here and I am still waiting for the only thing that counts : a timeline that ends in a solid delivery commitment, fulfilled. The rest is just noise. @Simon Thank you. Is there a deadline for Chris reply before you move forward? Just to add - in light of financials you have stated and the hole that seems to of appeared - 7) What will the case be made of? 8) What glass will you be using on the front? 9) What material will the back be constructed from? Well at last we get some communication. Thanks Chris. However it raises a number of serious questions: 1) "Estimated certification costs: $75,000" - Your original KS target was 100,000 so how do you square that? $75K also seems on the high side as you will only need to get FCC approval on the bluetooth element (it isn't a phone) 2) The assembly and warranty contract was with HoH and yet you're saying that you're setting this up elsewhere. Who with and why? 3) On costs and using a rough production run of 5685 (must be more than that - likely 6000) you're up to $673K for the watch and $145K for the QI. Shipping $100K (based on $17.50 average). Cert $75K (?). HoH so far $60K. Plus $40K in design mould fees etc Based on the figures you've given us and based on exactly 5,685 (which you can't do) that comes to $1,093,000. As you say that excludes final moulds, engineering and management fee's. You have also said that your "team" are putting the cost of the watch higher so this appears best case scenario. My guess is that you have also been taking a fee out of the pot. So at best you appear to be $80K short. And that is best case scenario as I mentioned. Are your figures wrong or have you just announced the money has run out? 3) You say that Lawrence wasn't in the conference call. But as Lawrence has even stated below it is clear that he was in the air. Why are you only personally entering into a conference call with him at this late stage? 4) Who exactly are the people directly employed by Secret Labs? You speak in the plural but everything I have seen so far indicates you're a one man band. Nothing wrong with that but I prefer openness and honesty. 5) Can you explain OS v2.0 and the improvements over V1.0. Most backers who post also want to understand the functionality and how you plan to resurrect the developer community. 6) Assuming that the figures are wrong on some way what are your timescales based on timelines. It be beneficial to be accurate because we have had timescales from you before. Even better would be your Gant chart being published. (if anything to prove you actually have one) Trust and respect are earnt Chris. You had it and then blew it due to your bad communication and what I consider deceitful responses in the past. So this is your chance, perhaps your final chance, at redemption. I will hold back from issuing the press pack I have and await your prompt reply. This user's account has been deleted. @Creator, One more thing. Please keep communicating with us here. If it is bad news we will rant a bit but at least we get to hear from you and not some second hand speculations. On good news then we will high five and shout hurray. Thanks. @Creator, Can you please provide an update on the current height of the watch case? Thanks. @creator - in the next update can you show us where you are with the OS and companion apps. Some demos would be good. Understand the hardware delays / dependencies but hoping software is progressing in parallel? @creator while I doubt you will respond why not refund myself and others requesting? It is a very small percentage of total funds and allows you to take the high road. @Joshua If Olaf is purchasing products from Chris on a regular basis waiting a few days isn't so great for a paying customer. He already has our money so no real urgency to answer to us. While the comments section isn't actively moderated, posts are removed after a complaint is filed. Lloyd got to experience his rants being deleted. I don't know about you guys but I've had enough. To me, to stay silent when there are so many people asking for some answers is a huge sing of disrespect from Chris, specially now that Lawrence has given his side of the story. If what Lawrence is saying is not true then Chris should come out here and dispute the accusations! This is not about being "bad at communicating", we're way past that point. There are some serious accusations over the table and we should get some sort of explanation from Chris. I'm going to wait until the end of the week, if we don't hear from Chris (and not some lame 10 lines ignoring everything that's going on + thanking us for supporting "an amazing project") then I'm going to apply for a charge back. Olaf, your comparison of response times actually points to the largest issue people have here. You wait a few days for answers, people here have waited months. Christopher - I don't think he ran off with our money either. I don't think he started this project with a anything but the intention of creating a great product. That's why I backed it. But even "honest guys" can mess up, and look for a way out. I've done a damned lot of research, and I've personally concluded the project fulfillment will fall well short of promises and expectations. I don't care one bit if someone else draws another conclusion. But if all you've got to go on is you've met him and he seems like an honest guy, that doesn't outweigh (to me, mind) what I know. @Josh not via the force, but I have met @creator in person and believe him to be an honest guy. Not everyone is here with pitchforks, but depending on the time of day reading comments it sure reads that way :D I speculate the following: - Chris is primarily a .Not (not a typo) person - Chris expected more to come from *others* than he has gotten - Chris does not have the resources or is too deep to hire them to bridge the gap - Chris hopes we all just go away and let him play where he is comfortable rather than assert responsibility upon him Having backed a few KS projects and having friends who created and completed them I find that brain damage or other communication faculty impediment are the sole reasons that updates cannot be posted regularly and often. So, there is no explanation that can represent reality that can be validly provided as to why we are not getting regular updates. Even if the update is actually honest and explains the loss of resources for completion. @Josh, If I was in Chris his shoes and I would get a thousand emails a day I would end up also responding to the normal question via PM and only answering those that seems legit. Because in the end I would be working on the project instead of wasting hundreds of hours reporting back.This again is NO excuse for not posting regular updates on here. We need a Snowden on the inside to leak us information. @Delta "Idk, but in the 21th century you would assume to get at least some kind of respone like "Hey guys, sry ..." but I couldn't find anything till today." <<<--- Exactly! @Delta , I agree the biggest problem we have is communication. That being said, I have contact with Chris nearly every week about his Netduino products and even there it takes sometimes more then a few days to respond. And for the record I also do not believe he has run off with our money, but I do think he is a coward. My thoughts are that he doesn't want to comment on here because of the backlash. He could fix this, if he came in right now started talking to us started sharing information it would turn around for him. Well I don't find any recent information from @creator except of the updates which ironically bring more questions up than it answers. Idk, but in the 21th century you would assume to get at least some kind of respone like "Hey guys, sry ..." but I couldn't find anything till today. Soon it will be over a year delay. Without an estimed delivery date or a honest excuse / more transparency. ~.~ Hammond did you use the force to come upon that? not everyone on here is up in arms. I want a watch I want what was promised but Chris wont talk to us. we get updates once ever couple months and there daft information less garbage. My pitch fork is still in the closet and my torch has not been lit, most of us aren't out for blood we just want information. if he would come on here and post something ANYTHING! a period and asterisk something I would be happy. Delta, unfortunately the only thing you'll find here in the comments are people out for vengeance at illogical wrongs. People are up in arms because they believe the @creator has gone into hiding. Is a liar, hates cats, etc. The @creator sucks at communication, at this point that is the only wrong I can see. Yes things are delayed, and people wonder why. If @creator could simply put some dates out there, and work to be more open, I think everyone would settle down. Actually I don't think that, there are people here who just want to tear @creator down, and that is a shame. The @creator hasn't run off with $1 million dollars never to deliver the Agent Smartwatch, that I am pretty darn confident of. Sadly, it appears that some CCC are tired of charging back for flake KS projects (like this one). So, I hear that they are allowing the cardholder to enjoy the maximum number of 'hoops' the can offer. Possibly with the intent to discourage either the charge back or future backing. I wouldn't be surprised if some CCC disallow KS backing directly on their account soon. Well I tried to keep up with all the latest information here ( sooo mmaaannnyyy commmeeentts ) Is there maybe also a "fact" site about what's currently going in? And it seems like according to the latest comments a refund would be the best option for us backers at least... Dont get angry get a charge back Generally, if you want the post to be visible by people other than backers and you want it to live beyond the moderators preference then the KS project 'Comments' page is generally a good place. Elsewhere can generally be "moderated" into fantasy land (where I think is the only place where I get an AGENT watch). Matt, Olaf, Simon, Daniel - at this point, it's just arguing for the sake of argument. We can say all we want "I choose to believe Lawrence" or "I don't" but the difference is he has given his accounting. To this end, Chris is still lacking. Silence certainly doesn't damn him, per se, but in light of all that has gone on it doesn't look very good for him. What worries me is we are nearing day 5 of Chris not even logging in. Again. And I can't even be mad about that anymore. When I take all the evidence in front of me (you guys can say all you want it is secondhand, I know what I know and what I don't) I cannot in good faith believe Chris. So when he does log on, and IF he does give a good accounting, I will not have any reason to accept it. TL:DR he's lost the benefit of the doubt. We know they are deleting agent related comments on the netduino forum when people have tried to get Chris's attention. @Olaf its safer to post here as all parties know the comments are not moderated. For all we know sl have deleted other posts on the forum (no proof just saying). Chris has had many chances to prove his side of the story but has said nothing. If he has a story about HOH why not tell us. Hi Olaf, Fact of the matter that the AGENT forum is moderated by Secret Labs and the fact that comment was not removed does not change that. I set up my page so that i can link to photo that i want to share/talk about here with the backers. Lawrence HOH Watches @Olaf We only hear one piece of the story, if Chris has a valid point about HOH and they where the one that where lacking.... Then you have made a complete fool out of yourself. That would be true but Chris hasn't. Lots of stuff gets deleted on agent forum and netdiuno. Keep clinging on though. At least you have the backers chimp for support/ @Lawrence This is a topic from the agent forums and has been online for a few days I don't see any moderator deleting those negative ones so whats your problem? <url>"Secret Labs is basically a BS company and so is Agent" You tell me its moderated but the topics that bluntly tell SL is a BS company are not deleted. So what was your post in the forums that required you to have your own page? Hi Olaf, Problem is that the AGENT forums are moderated by Secret Labs while on the other hand here on Kickstarter there is no moderator. Lawrence HOH Watches @Simon The agent forums allow anyone to post comments in the forums sections. @Simon If you give me your account info I can post under your name not that difficult... olaf You have to be a backer to post here. @Simon We only hear one piece of the story, if Chris has a valid point about HOH and they where the one that where lacking.... Then you have made a complete fool out of yourself. Problem for Chris is that the one who does not respond gets the obvious black sheep thrown at him. So yes I still agree communication is not perfect and is obviously lacking but I cannot wonder why at this time HOH is overflowing this section with updates while we never have seen any response from them at all. They simply could have made a account in the agent forums they would not needed an account to post in here. So unless Chris opens up his side it is all just what you want to belief what is happening. And again I just want the parties that are involved to be open about things because that is the only option to keep this project going. Yeah I agree with Olaf , Simon get a charge back , you seem very angry. I agree with Olaf Olaf You're fooling no one but yourself. I can send you a watch in the morning if you like. For $200 I can send you a $10 casio. Would you be happy with that? It's laughable that anyone on here thinks they are going to get the worlds smartest watch. If I was a total xxxx I would start my own KS project because it appears that plenty seem happy about spoffing money on top quality unobtanium. Me? I prefer to get value. Chris Walker has royally dumped on Lawrence / HoH. He has held us, the backers, in utter contempt. As a MS partner I know all about .Net thanks. I also know about design and manufacture in China (been there done that with someone just like Chris). You seriously think that someone asking how a pusher works is serious? Good grief. Man the hell up. Chris Walker is going to deliver a pile of rubbish sometime in the new year if he hasn't spaffed all his money on World of Warcraft merchandise or trying to keep his lame Netdiuno product going. If you're happy at that prospect then you're a mug. @olaf I think Simon meant the OS designed using .net. Not that the .net framework is dead. As long as the press hear Chris's is point of view I don't see why Simon shouldn't go to press. Its at the point where the backers have to change their strategy at getting Chris to say something off use. Sitting back and waiting has got us no where. @Simon "the OS is so dead at birth" What a complete nonsense, the .net framework is the latest available version from this year. It is being upgraded as we talk by the .NET MF team from Microsoft. Any one calling for action to make someone suffer or hurt them is NOT doing this project any good but excludes them selves directly from any normal response. You have pledged for a reward you have NOT bought a product. Anyone asking if these watches are actually going to be delivered has a valid point. But.. making such a product is a real exercise for any one who attempts to make such a piece of engineering. That is why its a investment and not a ready to use products. Maybe for other projects this is the case but in this example we all need to look back about what is happening. We know Chris has shown working examples of the hardware on different fares. We know the actual design of the watch is not Chris his expertise and that is why the HOH combination was started. I also think Chris is lacking in communication, but its in no way an excuse to harass or intimidate someone else. If you have never dealt with product design and technical engineering and overseas contacts you have no clue on how things get deferred and brought to an halt by the smallest difference in understanding both the physical design as the software implementation. All in all this project is indeed severely delayed but still has the potential to give us an unique watch that we can program using our favorite programming language. -- A double watch backer.. . So - we wait. I will be talking to lawrence on tuesday. I hope Roma comes back. The man has spoffed $1K so he has a significant investment in this. In the meantime can I suggest someone puts me in contact with a NY based lawyer? I'm also preparing a press release to be sent to every tech and paper I can think of. I want Chris to suffer for his treatment of us and lawrence and I want him to refund me. What we know is that the raltionship between Chris and HoH is near the end. Lawrence never got all the part from Chris so even if he finishes off his side the case cannot be 100% signed off. What I also know is that forming a relationship with a chinese factory is not something that you do overnight unless you're a complete and utter nutter. This means delay OR Chris has left all his senses behind and trusts a current partner to assemble the product (factories in china often say they do assembly but then outsource it to another factory that is short of work) We can also assume that Chris has decided that the premium watch case will be made of cheap plastic. Make it from ceramic and your factory choice decreases dramatically. We also know that unless Chriss has a crack team of programmers the OS is so dead at birth that if it were a horse even the glue factory would turn its back. Chris Walker must realise he was out of his depth and is now in panic mode when he realises that the actions he has taken will mean that AT BEST the AGENT watch will be the biggest pile of poo since the dinosaurs took their last dump. @FrankyB how about a Kickstarter to pay for a lawyer to destroy Chris and all of his assets :) Suggesting for the name of this project: Agent: The World's smartest paperweight. Because we all know at this rate, it won't be the smartest (anyone seen the OS lately, yeah, same here) and from what we heard, it will be big, fat... so perfect paperweight. More like a mini-clock. I may be tempted to do a KS to send I watch to Chris/Creator to he can see how late he is (better a calendar) and a phone so we can reach him... but a dum-phone because he clearly doesn't have any use of an internet connection.... Rent/Venting finish ;-) @Matthew, unfortunately, I feel that you will be correct in your prediction. Such a shame. I doubt it Matt. It will just be Chris moaning about HoH and watch case issues. Will probably but the pusher problem Lawrence has mentioned on them too. I suspect we'll get more strap news and be expected to be grateful for that. The next update should be interesting. I think Roma should have explained what he found out from Lawrence unless Lawrence specifically says he should not. Feels like when he went after Simon I think who did not share stuff initially. What is not in the best interests Roma? You have 4 or 5 watches you need. Surely if you have left for now this must be a truly dreadful situation we find ourselves in. @Joshua - "Because the software relies on community development, it will be an orphaned product out of box. " Very true. When i discovered the Agent I was new to Secret Labs but as an experienced maker / Arduino guy and a professional C# developer it all seemed to be looking great. This was back when MS was first interested in the micro-controller community and the netduino looked like an obvious thing for them to get behind. In the end they went with the ill gated "gadgeteer" system, and it took some time to realize the issue was probably Secret Labs. You want to see the best the Agent community coudl aspire to? Look at netduino - and that is BEST case I fear. Missed deadlines, lackluster promises and even worse performance... and of course a lot of talking about "the team". I'm over it :) I think we can safely say the following... * We will never get real answers from Chris * Lawrence / HoH are a great partner, and I will be on the lookout for any chance to work with them in the future. * This project is, for all purposes, dead Ken FWIW, and free of any illusion that anyone cares, I do want to say that I have found most of Roma's postings to be balanced. I think that the things he's done and most of what he has posted have benefited backers and the project. I may find a lot of the postings excessively and unnecessarily rude and crude, but credit where credit's due, he's done good by us in trying to improve information flow and to keep the discussion balanced. A witch hunt serves no one - we just need follow through on commitments. I'd certainly be grateful for his continued postings. And a big thanks to Lawrence for his extreme loyalty to the project and its backers. Can't say enough positive on that. If I did get a refund, it would go toward an HoH product. @Lawrence Thank you Thanks for your info Lawrence much appreciated. It is really really worrying to hear that he think the moment is STILL not complete. Surely that should have been finished while there has been the case delays. I do think as people have asked we deserve a breakdown of exactly who is working on agent and who they are. I highly doubt we will get anything of the sort. I do have to commend the creator on his ability to swerve answering questions, this talent has been wasted on the technology sector and he should have pursued a career in politics. Lawrence, I appreciate all the work you have put into this project Thanks for the update Lawrence One more thing. I just realized that i must post a side note to my previous post and this side note relates to all of my posts as well. Its pretty obvious but.... -Everything AGENT related obviously needs Chris Walkers SL approval... so when i say anything is complete, i only speak for myself. I can't promise Chris (SL) won't want to change something i deem complete or that Chris won't disapprove of something i feel is complete either. -Lawrence HOH Watches Thanks Lawrence :) Hi Everyone, I promise to get you all more detailed info to you shortly. Its 330am here in HK and I have a flight going back to NYC at 9am. I needed to chat with Roma and Joshua earlier to talk things through. I will be surely back here soon with more. (Here is a Mini update in the meantime) All watch related parts are complete and I have sent my new fixed bezel and screen housing into 3D print today and should have that in hand by the end of this week. Aside from that there are a couple of things left that need to be done. Obviously testing those parts for perfect fit once they arrive is the first. Second is the creating a housing for the movement/inside of case so that nothing moves inside. We are almost done with that! I was only able to do this now because I finally had all the parts in hand and all the fixes perfected. The last issue is the fact that SL just informed me that they don't know how the movement is supposed to interact with the pusher. I feel that the movement/board is incomplete and this is an electrical engineer issue and I am not an electrical engineer. It was kind of shocking when i found out 2 weeks ago from Anthony that they have no idea how the pusher is supposed to work when hitting the movement/board (contact point) but that hopefully won't be an issue soon either. I really hope SL is working on this. I will still continue to finish all of the watch parts and will send Chris all the fixed/perfected files. If I get screwed I dont care. I only care if the backers/manufacturers get screwed. Sucks for me, but whatever. I will always take the high road because I know now other way!! Also in terms of assembly, you don't have to worry about anything that gets assembled in a watch factory with many many years of experience. I would worry much more about getting something assembled in a place that has no watch assembly experience no matter the location. More details coming soon! all the best, Lawrence HOH Watches I have been in contact with Lawrence and we're going to have a call on Tuesday. blah blah blah charge back Oh @Matt you assume far too much. Please don't project. You also seem to have the memory of a goldfish: "He should email Simon and get Simon to paste the email on here" Some talk. Others do. BTW - I have emailed Lawrence again tonight. I have also been doing some other bits and pieces in relation to Secret Labs and Chris Walker that hopefully will come to something. Some kickstarters fail some get funding you would know that if you had an ounce of intelligence , still it looks like i have hit a raw nerve. Just get a charge back as you feel thi kickstarter is over and done with I just want information from the organ grinder not the monkey. "you won't achieve anything by what you are doing at the moment" Maybe not but no one can point the finger and say I didn't try. And yes I do think this project is as good as dead because even if we get a watch it won't be very good for the reasons I have stated. But hope springs eternal. But thanks for your constructive comments. I've been looking at what you have backed in the past and it seems that "the curse of Matt Mayatt" has hit a number of times. Good luck on that biggest dick drawing though. And look on the bright side - if that fails you can always buy a mirror. Nice , you won't achieve anything by what you are doing at the moment. You should just get a charge back as you live in the UK , you obviously think this project is dead. hahaha @Matt. Okay fella. Well as you've invested in "The worlds largest dick drawing" you're clearly a KS and business expert. If you don't like what I, Joshua, Roma et al post (you know the guys that are actually trying to do something about this abortion of a project) then just walk on by. Thanks for your contribution to the debate. If you have any tips on KS backing please feel free to share - this board needs a laugh. I've learnt not to listen to rumours or 2nd hand information from busy body's and first timer Kickstarters. Why does Lawrence not post on here what has happened, in sure it would be more convenient than 5000 odd people phoning him up. Matt So if you want the info first hand why not ring or email Lawrence? That is all I did. It is easy. If you find it hard get your carer to dial the number for you I hate to point out the obvious, Matt, but there is a reason we only have second hand information. @Simon, I still don't care what you think. Haven't seen anything definitive from SL/HOH , all the information we have is 2nd hand. @Matt - Learn to read. Interesting - Chris Walker appears to have used the right to be forgotten on EU Google search results for Chris Walker+Secret Labs. Curious. To be fair Simon I don't care what you think, we need some answers from the guy creating this thing. Anything else is just speculation. Been thinking - HoH was contracted to assemble the final watch. So who will now be doing that? The original pitch was that it would be assembled in the USA. What sort of mug is going to touch this project? I think it will be assembled in China - likely at the factory producing the case as this will be dirt cheap. This raises massive issues with quality control (I speak from bitter experience on this and my run was over 50,000 pieces) @Simon Good point. For that, simply dig out direct quotes from Chris and facts which you find relevant (including timestamps). No slander, no allegations, no hypothesizing. Could be done here, on the page you created or both. Luckily, there's plenty of material to choose from. You can now find a Chris Walker tribute on Google Plus. <url>"Would an idiot do that?" - And if that seems likely then one should avoid that action.. So would an idiot have run the project like @Creator has? Well.. Don't we all love those open-ended questions.. :) On a more serious note, though. Is there any possibility to claim that he has not delivered in a reasonable timeframe and beat the funds out of amazon and kickstarter? Or sue the dude? There's some grave injustice taking place before me, and for one, I'd rather lose my reward than let Chris get away with it. That is, keep feeding you same ****, expecting you to accept first that, and eventually that chunky piece of plastic (I mean AGENT). In order to prevent that: No need to call names or insult anyone. Just point out the obvious, like Simon has. Or stay complacent. Up to you guys. Well well expect Roma to now defend Chris Tells a lot about morals of Chris (or the lack thereof). Doesn't take a genius to figure whether he was honest with us all this time. @Joshua @Richard Do you think Chris should get away with it? If it were Lawrence who avoided communication, gave us vague answers and refused to show photos, then sure, let him go; get a new man. BUT THAT'S NOT THE CASE!! It was Chris who didn't do ****, and now kicks out Lawrence after all he's done. Thank you for the update. , at least we know. ........... : / I spoke with Lawrence last night as well. Roma is correct, the news is pretty bad. It appears Chris will be cutting Lawrence out as soon as the case is fully finished (it very nearly is now, just some 3d printing away from final fit validation). My advice to him was very simple: lawyer up and contact any friends you have in the media. Given what I know from Lawrence, and what chris last told me, I can fairly certainly say we will be getting a watch at some point, but it will be considerably sub standard. It will look like a tubby version of the original design, and it will be made from cheap plastics. Because the software relies on community development, it will be an orphaned product out of box. That is the reality of this project. I won't waste any effort trying to get chris to talk: I doubt him as a person and as such his answers would have little meaning. I am focusing now on making sure this doesn't happen again. Only reason I referred to a fairy tale is that is all the answers given to us by Chris have amounted to. There is no proof right now that it could even sync to any smartphone... There's also no proof that the battery life would last a minimum of 7 days. The burden of proof is on Chris. We here are the judges, being the ones who are backing this project. Him providing no proof makes him guilty. This user's account has been deleted. @Roma, that is indeed very bad news. :( Bye Spoke to Lawrence this afternoon. Top bloke. He will complete his work. Not in the best interests of this project for me to say more. To resist temptation I will say nothing more on this board for the foreseeable future. Bye. @Roma, how did the phone call with Lawrence go? @eliter1, you can use the agent in the afternoon when your 360 has run out of battery. @ Krish S I agree .... This watch could've been great if it came out when it was supposed to. I ordered a Moto 360 and doubt i'll ever use agent when I get it, if I get it.. For what it's worth, I have completely stopped backing projects in KickStarter.. all examples of worst project management and more importantly KickStarter as a platform completely being ignorant of our pains.. it's not that we are millionaires and have disposable income.. we are passionate backers and make calls personally to put $ into these when we could have invested this into something else.. Sorry KS you have disappointed us.. AGENT smartwatch prototype is working now ? I didn't find any videos yet. There are some still photos on this project page, but maybe those are fake. . . . . . . .. . . . . .,.-. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .-., . . . . .. . . . . . ..,/. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . :, . . . . . . . .. .,?. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .\, . . . . . . . . . /. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,} . . . . . . . . ./. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:`^`.} . . . . . . . ./. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:. . . ./ . . . . . . .?. . . __. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . :`. . . ./ . . . . . . . /__.(. . .~-,_. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:`. . . .. ./ . . . . . . /(_. . ~,_. . . ..~,_. . . . . . . . . .,:`. . . . _/ . . . .. .{.._$;_. . .=,_. . . .-,_. . . ,.-~-,}, .~; /. .. .} . . .. . .((. . .*~_. . . .=-._. . .;,,./`. . / . . . ./. .. ../ . . . .. . .\`~,. . ..~.,. . . . . . . . . ..`. . .}. . . . . . ../ . . . . . .(. ..`=-,,. . . .`. . . . . . . . . . . ..(. . . ;_,,- . . . . . ../.`~,. . ..`-.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..\. . /\ . . . . . . \`~.*-,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..|,./.....\,__ ,,_. . . . . }.>-._\. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .|. . . . . . ..`=~-, . .. `=~-,_\_. . . `\,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .\ . . . . . . . . . .`=~-,,.\,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .\ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . `:,, . . . . . . . . . . . . . `\. . . . . . ..__ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .`=-,. . . . . . . . . .,%`>--==`` . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . _\. . . . . ._,-%. . . ..` Oops, that should say Malvo Malcolm, lol...Careful letting people know my profession, roma. The results could be unfavorable. OK, I'm in. Just had an email from Lawrence. He's calling me in 3 hours. I will report back here, but: 1. nothing which Lawrence says is confidential, and 2. only what I think is in the interests of the success of this project @Malvo ... oops, Joshua :) Haven't heard from Adam for a while. His email address is available from his blogspot. @Roma To paraphrase Voltaire, I may not agree with you, but I'll defend your right to say it. That phone call might be of interest to you, and if so, feel free to share it with us. I have not requested a refund, nor shall I (unless it's clear that the project is dead). I shall not, however, trust Chris like I once did, until he provides same level of transparency as Lawrence. Now that's something to pursuit... until (or unless) we get the same old, elusive answers. P.S. What's up with Kumar's Hangout / Q&A challenge between Lawrence and Chris? Thanks. Daniel j, I doubt at this point any comments from roma are causing chris to abstain from posting. In fact, I doubt much of anything any of us say/do on this board matters to chris at all. I've not seen anything in his recent comment strategy to suggest otherwise. We flatter ourselves thinking we have any impact on this project whatsoever. I will continue to engage chris, because it is the right thing to do, but I have limited hope he will respond. I have a couple other ideas/avenues to try, and most likely it will come to those. Roma, I've never asked anyone to quit posting. You and I haven't always seen eye to eye, and your trust in chris is much higher than mine, but who the hell am I to ask yo to stop posting? Have at it, hoss. Meanwhile, I too am waiting to talk to Lawrence. He's reaching out to a few of us, but hasn't posted through his friends account. I doubt that bodes well. Also, as an aside; do you know where Adam is? @Bobby, Before anyone gets the idea I'm deflecting this, I think it would be laudable for Secret Labs to show the AGENT financials as an act of goodwill. Maybe @Joshua Page could add this to his list of questions? Cue someone shouting "Why would we believe this stuff from a liar!" @Bobby Dowling, That's a good question. Such a requirement would be almost impossible to demonstrate compliance if push came to shove. Of course, at least 8% is creamed off the top of our pledges immediately by Kickstarter and Amazon Payments. I assume that creators are able to take any profits and must absorb any losses. Would be nice to see some financial statements for the project. Is there anything that legally requires all pledged money be spent on the project? @Daniel J, It was your namesake who made the reference to the fairy tale. He's proven he can take it because he sure has given it (see previous comments). Anyway, I haven't had the phone call yet so my silence is in the hands of three others now. Meanwhile, if you don't like what I post, don't read it. Its nonsense posts like that from Roma that is encouraging the lack of response or any genuine proof of work. Other backers am I missing something (apart from my watch) @Daniel, Not today. Anxiously awaiting a phone call. I'll leave the fairy tales to you. Aren't most people here from genuine democracies? Wikipedia says that the presumption of innocence is widely accepted as a fundamental right in most democratic countries, including USA, Canada and all EU countries <url>"pure clothe" isn't real either. We gave him money to finish this project and deliver on our rewards. We even gave him enough time for delays. Now, the delays will be TOO long. And he's refusing to give us any specific answers? @Roma that's all when and good but most the people here aren't from your country and neither is the creator so its a bit unfair you get "shirty" with other backers for speaking there mind. Just my thoughts @Daniel, Fortunately my country believes people are innocent until proven guilty, So do I. @Roma In fact let me rephrase that. Can you show the rest of us backers your proof that Creator/Chris is not a liar and a thief? @Roma - You have no proof hes not a liar or thief By all means no one should be restricted from commenting but all I ask is not to encourage the creator/Chris from talking around the valid questions people are asking. Encourage him to answer the question at hand as simply as possible, so we don't have to debate over the possible different meanings of the essay he just wrote. Over complication has got this project no where keep the updates simple and post some pictures or videos (proof of actual work, not just talk). <url># of employed staff at SL needs to be honed to include 'working directly on the agent watch project, and what is their weekly time commitment towards that project'? I just asked him for a public q&a. I'll update you if/when he responds. @Joshua - Okay - well as you have history with Chris then I suggest you do it. My main question is: Do you have enough money to complete this project? If not I would like to know exactly how the money has been spent. Simon, it matters little to me who does the asking, but I found the list format last go round lacked clarity and gave far too much latitude. I'd prefer a back and forth with him at a scheduled time. Whoever moderates that should collect the list of questions, and be ready to follow up on any answers that lack depth @Joshua - looks like a cross post with you. If you want to pick this up then I have no problem with that. All - further to Joshua's post and Roma's suggestion I have compiled the following questions. If you plus one these (Simon +1) I will assemble, as Roma did before, a list of those approving of this list. Once I have a sufficient number (say 50+) I will then post these again on here, on the AGENT forum, The Netduino forums including PMs and directly to all known email addresses of Chris Walker. Obviously Chris could save a great deal of time and effort by just replying to this. If he doesn't do the right thing and communicate clearly and honestly then we can draw our own conclusions. What say you? -------------------- To Chris Walker: The AGENT watch was promoted as the worlds smartest watch however technology moves at a rapid pace and the AGENT watch is now 9 months overdue. With that in mind backers have requested the answers to the following questions. We would welcome you to provide open and honest answers. 1) Do you have enough money to complete this project? 2) You have repeatedly stated that you have a small team working on this project. How many directly employed staff do you have at Secret Labs? 3) Do you have a current working prototype movement? 4) What is your best estimate for the month when you'll begin delivering the AGENT and what are you basing this on? 4) Why wont you engage directly with HoH / Lawrence? 5) Since Lawrence posted a series of questions for you regarding elements that need your input (logo, bezel etc etc) have you answered/addressed any of them and which ones still need addressing? 6) How do you view your communication levels during this project? 7) Why has the watch grown from 10.5 to 14.5mm? Can this be reduced? 8) Is the OS completed and if so when was this element completed? 9) Will there be any features or functionality that were promoted at the fundraising stage but which Agent will not have out of the box? 10) Will there be any features or functionality that have been added to the watch since the fundraising stage? 11) What functionality can backers expect from the watch when using a IoS devise? 12) The forums have a record of 112 backers requesting a refund due to the delays. Will you refund all or an agreed proportion of this money to those that request it? Guys, of course I will pm Chris. I have been, with varied success. I also called him (with no success) and texted with him. What I ask of him will be fairly straight forward: I don't think we have gotten clear answers to fundamental questions. I'd like to schedule a time that he will be on this forum and answer questions. At such time he agrees, I will gather questions from all of you, and present them to him. I would ask a that time we can have a dialogue, right here for all to see (not in the pm) until such time as those questions have been satisfactorily answered. I feel this is the best way to clear the air, as well as the most likely to either provide clear answers or proof that clear answers will never be forthcoming. Truly, either would suffice for me to make a choice for my next step. I will be asking for a checklist of what is complete, and then asking for progress reports and timelines for what is not. With that information, I will be able to ask for a tentative completion date. I will ask whatever else the crowd asks me too, provided Chris will agree. I would suggest if he does agree that everyone allow the dialogue to go on unchallenged, as I feel it would be the best way to get clear answers, and not allow Chris to cherry pick which comments to respond to. @Simon, If you're quoting from his reply yo my questions, that was on 1 June and he said October/November so that's 5/6 months. Re FCC certification, he posted another time that some components were pre-qualified which meant that certification would be faster than it would be otherwise. Joshua + 1 Bump Please +1 if you agree with Joshuas comment: "Chris, get on here, engage in meaningful dialogue. Tell us the state of the project in clear, uncompromising terms. You truly owe us that." Another question we should ask is whether there are sufficient remaining funds from the KS campaign to cover delivery of all rewards. I understand that SL wanted to sell this design beyond the KS campaign, but with the (IMHO) diminishing appeal of the design, I hope that they weren't counting on that income stream to offset development costs and ship rewards. With the delays and course corrections, one has to wonder if the numbers still add up and while I respect that SL has a right to run their business how they like, a simple yes/no answer as to whether backer rewards are fully funded with remaining funds would be appreciated. Roma It was June when he said that shipping would be estimated at October. Looking at Lawrences post about lead times and FCC approval tied in with the list of things left to do at that stage their is no way that timescale was correct. It would have been impossible. He lied or is clueless. @Lawrence, Thanks for the further info and picks. Its great to see all the guts in the watch. I'd still like to see the breakdown of the 2.4mm increase in thickness. Is it all down to the backlight solution and the glass caseback? Hope you're resting well, with a clear conscience and down pillow! @Kueh, Interesting. More here <url>"we currently estimate start of reward delivery for October/November" As Chris hadn't given the bezel, backlight elements etc to HoH then the chances of the case being wrong were almost 100% - especially as the backlight had been changed. But lets assume that on June 1st Chris for some crazy reason just assumed all was going to be well (let's ignore the update that showed everything was far from well). With lead times and FCC regulations (see post by Lawrence) even if everything ran smoothly is would be impossible to start shipping in October. Now I don't think Chris is a moron. He is clearly a half decent programmer and certainly has been successful. So he is either the worst project manager in the world (a possibility - programmers are not recruited for their personalities or ability to communicate) and/or he deliberately lied to you. Also worth noting how much text he spent on the budget side. The excuses had already started. We're now 4 months later and zero production has started. How do you think the budget is still going? @Roma I would happily put together all the questions however I don't believe that I will get constructive answers. For all your efforts you were fobbed off and basically lied to back in June. The man is a fantasist or has a very very strange idea of language. Convince me that Chris would respond to a central compilation of answers honestly and I may do it. @Kumar With respect Roma is as entitled as anyone to try something. Nothing is stopping the refund list. Also although I agree that Chris has likely lied I don't agree he is a thief (currently). You have zero proof of that and it frankly isn't helpful. Chris is many things and has many many faults and has done this project in such a way it would embarrass anyone claiming to be in business. Concentrate on that. Or better yet lets all try and get some answers out of him. Wait WTF is going on? @Roma, stop this bullshit.... everybody here wants answers... The refund list is better than this +1 crap you're trying to pull... as for communication... Chris response to the question was utter rubbish... he didn't even mention HoH as part of the team/vendors... and you call that an answer. Lawrence has given more meaningful updates in less than a month than it took Chris to do in 1 Year +... Chris is a LIAR & THIEF and it's quite clear here! If you think he's not... why don't you get him to have a face to face communication with Lawrence, fine I know for a fact he doesn't have the balls to do that... why not a Hangouts instead.. If I ask this to Lawrence, I'm sure he'll find the time and make the effort to do this within the next couple of days... unlike Chris who's a CHEATING SCUMBAG... Why don't you forget the stupid questions and get him infront of a laptop and start a hangout to address the backers... Roma, what do you say to this? Or are you gonna spew more bullshit and avoid the topic.. @Joshua Page +1 @joshua +1 Although I find Romas belief that Chris Walker hasn't lied almost endearing. (although I see where you're coming from) @joshua page +1 Bit like pissing into the wind at this point, but I'll try anything if it actually gets creator to reply with something worth while. BUMP SPECIAL REQUEST: If you agree with Joshua Page, please + 1 him. If you want to say something else, please hold off for a while and see how many +1 Joshua without interruption. This might sink in with creator. Sorry to interrupt :( @Joshua page +1 @Joshua Page +1 @Joshua page +1 AGENT smartwatch prototype is working now ? I didn't find any videos yet. @Joshua page +1 @Joshua Page +1 SPECIAL REQUEST: If you agree with Joshua Page, please + 1 him. If you want to say something else, please hold off for a while and see how many +1 Joshua without interruption. This might sink in with creator. Sorry to interrupt :( @Joshua Page +1 @Joshua Page +1 Roma, all that may be, but measuring his words is what is currently causing the problem. Even when he doe respond, he has been ignoring the largest, most oft asked questions. Your account of him includes his intelligence. If I grant that, it makes his lack of communication all the worse. An idiot I could forgive. Chris, get on here, engage in meaningful dialogue. Tell us the state of the project in clear, uncompromising terms. You truly owe us that. @Alibek, I'm not blind to what's been happening and, with respect, I have a better understanding of the situation than almost any other backer (except Adam Dzak who I think met Chris). Plenty of blame lies at Chris' feet, starting right from the time he gambled on the unproven light guide film option and then persevered with it way too long. His communication has been appalling. The deeper the shit the louder the calls for blood, so the more Chris weighs up every single word he writes. That's why I jump on the dickheads here who call Chris a liar (and don't prove it) and threaten legal action. Why would Chris not be even more "measured" in his comments in such a toxic environment? I know the situation is his fault but that's the hand we've been dealt. As for failing, this project maybe can survive a key supplier failure (sorry, Lawrence) but if SL fails then we're all stuffed. Hope they send it in a very nice box when they start to ship coz it'll spend more time sitting in the box than on my wrist now iWatch is coming... @Roma With 5 pledges, it's understandable you want this project to succeed, no less than the rest. However, does that mean one should turn a blind eye on what's been happening? To remind you, Chris was quite blatantly ignoring Lawrence, and after he gained voice to give us meaningful updates, with multiple questions asked publicly, all he could say was that "there's a contingency plan," should HoH fail? Well how about SL fail? Let's blame anyone but them (I mean him). Government shutdown, suppliers, HoH, you name it. After all, truth is no defense under hate speech laws. It is planned speeches that contain lies or dissimulations, not what you blurt out so spontaneously in one instant. That's from our good friend Tennessee Williams. Apt, no? @Shawn, I agree. I was happier with some answers than others and I doubt that most commenters here would have been happy with most answers. But that's no reason not to keep plugging away asking and I think a list is the best way to do it. Much more productive than calling creator a liar, thief and worse. My view of Chris is formed by dozens of IM exchanges with him over the last several months. I think he is a dogged perfectionist who is finding it extremely difficult being on a platform like this and being accountable to customers for a product which doesn't yet exist. Yes, he's created the situation but I don't think he deserves to be called a liar and I've never seen anyone here demonstrate that he has lied. He answers questions like a politician and, while I don't like that, I have to accept it. I don't think he has his head in the sand but I do think he's in over his head. However, his dogged style will see him through and he can't afford to fail to deliver because the damage to his reputation and other business interests would be immense. That's why I'm confident we will get our rewards. Again, months later and I believe the majority of those questions from that list remain unanswered to pretty much anyone's satisfaction, so finding someone equal to the task may be the equivalent of trying to nail jello to a wall. As for my $200, I've spent more and received less (I at least get some level of enjoyment out of this train wreck), but become angered when I try to determine whether creator has the 'jewels' and hubris to continue his current mode of management and communication in a belief that we are too dumb to realize how overmatched he is, or whether he believes the 'ostrich' approach of sticking his head in the sand and hoping the troubles disappear is going to work. Why doesn't someone do what I did back in the day? Compose a well-worded set of questions, gather the support of fellow backers for all the questions, keep an orderly alphabetical list of supporters and count them, publish the questions and the list here every day, get more backers on board every day and keep on doing it until the questions get answered. It takes time and effort but it seemed to work last time. I suggest you choose the writer carefully and avoid the more rabid conspiracy theorists here. As a reminder, here are the questions <url>#comment-6896014 and here are the answers <url>#comment-6898080 Over to you! You're correct roma, that is indeed an answer. Whether it is an honest or believable answer is something else entirely. Mehmed Bayram about 22 hours ago @creator, You always say "we", but it is still not clear who is "we"? We as in you? We as in you+project manager in Utah? We as in you+HoH? We as in you+project manager in Utah+HoH? I believe it is now very well known that SL is a one man show, and if you are talking about yourself in plural, we (as in backers, except me!) have a problem.. Creator Secret Labs + House of Horology about 18 hours ago @Mehmed Bayram -- from Chris -- our team is made up of managers, electrical/software/industrial/mechanical engineers, watch designers and more. It takes quite a few people with various skills to put a huge project like this together. I do not deserve credit for all their hard work, and I am grateful for the work the team is putting in to get the AGENT Smartwatch onto the production line. How is that not an answer? (continued) ... this project or his Netduino business? Was there a proof (photo, invoice, etc) that I missed? @Simon, spot on. For me, I do not call it an answer. Also, @creator once said that most electronics parts have been ordered. Do we know if he may be using them For @roma - you call that an answer? Does the watch turn on? @creator Whats the status of the OS? Wow if the creator thinks the watch case is the minor part and still hasn't got his team to finish it (thanks Lawrence for working hard on this) then we will never get the rest of this watch. @Creator/Chris how can you standby and read all these comments and do nothing (if your doing something prove it)? @Daniel, That is simply not true. Mehmed Bayram asked a question here only 21 hours ago and Creator answered it 4 hours later. Who's the liar now? Chris hasn't answered or questions for months! Innocent till proven guilty defense of Chris here makes no sense. We have a lot of evidence suggesting Chris's guilt. Chris, however, have provided no evidence to suggest otherwise. @Lawrence, apologize of my suspect on you. As my previous posts, I am for you more than Chris. As Roma said, people is innocent until proofed as guilty. I am trying to find out who is lying to us. Thanks for your head up and let us know the actual sitution, and also what tricks Chris is playing now. @Roma, yes. That's only one of the possibilities, which nearly the worst case. However, if Chris is innocent and positive towards the project, why he keeps silent? Typing few lines of update on project status using his native language should not difficult, especially towards an adult who has working experience, isn't it? @Christopher - no. Only what I have discussed with Lawrence and others plus my own limited investigations. The deeper you look at Chris the clearer it becomes that he is basically a narcissistic nerd that has made some money from using his programming skills. From his posts he is also a fantasist. Thanks to us a millionaire fantasist. Secret Labs is Chris Walker. @simon have any physical proof that Secret Labs is a one man shop? @Christopher Hammond The thing is Secret Labs IS Chris Walker. He is a one man operation. Anthony (the project manager who conveniently lives in Utah (that well known district of New York) is a freelancer. So unless Chris Walker is a Trinity type diety (the creator, his ego and the holy **** up) the "we" is incorrect. wow just went through past comments... poor Lawrence... wondering how this will end... Remember the project is delayed b/c the Government was shutdown last fall. Just a shining example of the level of bullshit that has come from the Creator. @Roman. That is the only way Lawrence can post on here using another account because he (HoH) were not given access by Chris/SL Wow this is getting so f....up lol.... @ Roman Kadlec I went to Facebook and Mindy as a different account then Lawrence I think she can be trustable I hope I am not ring about that tho.... @Roman, Lawrence doesn't have his own account, and Chris (Creator) refuses to give him access to post under the Creator account. Mindy was kind enough to let Lawrence use her account to keep the backers updated, even if Chris didn't want him to. is it a bug on my side or is lawrences account under the name Mindy Westfried right now? :D @miguel masse, one thing I won't disagree with, and I've told Chris this myself multiple times in the past, he sucks as communication. That is what has brought this project to this point in time, the lack of up front communication. Do I fault him for that, sure, do I DEMAND a refund because the project is delayed, and Chris does a poor job of telling people about why, and what the current timeline is, no. @Simon, by "We", I read that as "someone, or multiple people, from Secret Labs" is onsite in Hong Kong. You could read it however you want, but I am not lead to believe that Chris Walker himself is in Hong Kong, nor has he stated so. Challenge to Chris Walker: You said: "our team is made up of managers, electrical/software/industrial/mechanical engineers, watch designers and more. It takes quite a few people with various skills to put a huge project like this together." We know about the make up of HoH which it would seem you count as your "team" despite not communicating with them. So name the others. Are you still trying to pretend that SL is bigger than a one man band outfit who has subbed a project manager from Utah (Anthony)? If so should be easy to have a "About us" intro page. @ Christopher Hammond you think Chris is not business man enough to defend it's self or proof that the negative comment about are right or ring! ?! I think he is but have no time for it wood be my guest! @Christoper Hammond - Chris did post: "We are in Hong Kong this week at the annual watch supplier trade show, doing contingency planning in case House of Horology is unable to complete their small part of the project (or needs to drop out for whatever reason)." The "we" could be HoH but then he speaks about doing contingency planning which would rule out Lawrence (who we know IS in HK). Yes your right but I am to lol @miguel masse, not everyone has lost faith in this project. Can you people stop taking Chris defense he is a grownup men now so he can do it it self...like did Lawrence. .. @Michael addresses for businesses with domain names are pretty easy to find, unless they are using private registration. That being said, I imagine that Lawrence has some form of NDA that he likely needs to stick to. Also posting personal information here would most definitely be frowned upon based on the rules: <url>"Part of our team is in Hong Kong this week and there is a lot of activity going on getting the watch cases wrapped up." Last week I said that Lawrence was going to get shafted. After the last few posts I'm now convinced he will and I also suspect that Chris is angling for a lawsuit. Be interesting to see the contract between Chris and HoH. As for Chris Walker and his latest posts well... The AGENT watch? I don't know what to think anymore. If it is in the case designed then at least everyone will notice it and due to it's height when you bend your arm to look at the face you will see it clearly because it will be so much closer to your face. But hey - the watch case is only "minor" right? The OS and the guts is as mysterious and perplexing as Joan Rivers appeal. What we do know is that we haven't been told a thing in nearly a year so either: a) The development had been finished in the previous 18 months and therefore we have a 3 year old OS or b) It is being developed by one of Chris' multiple personalities and/or another unknown supplier What we can say with certainty is that this project is a great advert for only going into business with someone else, even on a collaborative basis, ONLY after you have done a great deal of due diligence and have a solid contract with break clauses included. When can we expect the next car crash /update? Here you can see my non-refundable hotel in HK just in case you thought I booked it and later got a refund ;) oh yeah and I like down pillows. <url>"scam" more and more. I've written off my $199 at this point completely but would take great pleasure knowing Chris was rotting in some jail. I'm just waiting for the Razer Nabu Android wear getting bad battery reviews across the board, there is still hope for the Agent. Wow, this project has gotten ridiculous. I really hope Chris doesn't shun Lawrence after he completes the watch design. Lawrence has given us more relevant info on the status of the project over the last few weeks than Chris has in the past few months! Contingency plans, my ass. Lawrence has put it so much effort that if Chris takes the case design and runs I will be very pissed off. @Roma in my country people are guilty until proven innocent! And right now Creator is GUILTY RED! @all Can anyone deny that Lawrence has been more transparent than Chris since his first post here? The pictures, technical details and overall engagement are a cut above those we've seen or heard from @Creator. Having done all that as a consultant with no admin access to this platform? That's commitment. After numerous calls for cooperation with Chris, all he got here was a not-so-subtle hint of him getting replaced. FOR WHAT? @Martin Calsyn +1 @Martin Calsyn +1 @Roma - it would be great if Chris actually answered the questions with specifics. When he says "we are in HK", who exactly is "we"? How many of the Secret Labs team are in Hong Kong at the moment? I'm not counting Lawrence in there, because "we" are at the trade show looking at alternative suppliers. Come on, Chris, spill the beans - who exactly is "we"? In HK or not? SL+HoH marriage to continue or not? Most of that and a lot of related details aren't very important or interesting to me - in fact, I believe SL/Chris has the right and obligation to make whatever choices and business decisions he feels are necessary in order to deliver the goods. But there is that obligation to deliver the goods and the angst here comes from not delivering the goods, and not really offering credible explanations to his investors in order that we can believe that real work is happening on his part and real progress is being made. It's that failure to deliver or communicate that is the only issue to me. If he has to hire a troupe of dancing bears to get the job done, that's fine with me - the core commitment to us backers was to deliver on commitments and communicate in the meantime. In my country, people are innocent until proven guilty. Daniel, is that case in the US? If so, is the internet an exception? Roma claims Chris is not lying, when there IS NO EVIDENCE that he's telling the truth? Go figure... Is an AGENT smartwatch prototype working now ? I didn't find any videos yet. @Derick, Chris did not say he was working with Lawrence in Hong Kong. In fact quite the opposite. Of course it's reasonable to query Chris' commitment to this project. But you say things like this as though they're facts: "He is trying to making a story that there are many technical issues on the case, and all the money was lost." That's a possibility but no more than that . @Roma, you posted the reply from Chris and he said that he is working with Lawrence in HK right now. Lawrence have just said that he cannot get touch with Chris and Chris is now NOT in HK. Therefore, either one is telling lies. Lawrence can provide photos and videos saying that he is working on the watch case (I still cannot justify the time since there is no proof in the photos. If Lawrence can provide a photo with time proof, such as a recent TV show in the background, it is much more powerful). Besides, from the latest several updates from Chris, it is hard for me to believe he is trying his best to drive the project forward. All the issues he stated should not the barrier (or at least require such a long time to fix). Chris hasn't updates on the movement nor OS for long long time. It is reasonable for us to query whether Chris is still willing to finish the project or not. @Matthew, I can't see why he would say he's in Hong Kong but not be there. I am aware of things from my BADAR time which make me think the marriage is virtually beyond salvation (sorry to say). I guess if we hear that SL is moving to another manufacturer, that will indicate Chris has indeed been in Hong Kong. If so, he'll be nowhere near Lawrence! Got an ambulance chaser already? Let us proceed with alacrity and in aggregate. Let the games begin! @roma - I don't for one second believe that Chris is in Hong Kong at the moment talking to another watch case provider. I have asked him to share the details and a piccy of him with the provider in Hong Kong, and asked him whether he will be meeting Lawrence since Lawrence is there talking to the already selected manufacturer. Sorry for the misunderstanding, but it wasn't a threat. It is in progress. And congrats again on your skill at name calling and debasing of a conversation. @Martin Calsyn, "In the aggregate" you've proven yourself to be quite the plonker. If you are not ready to lawyer up then leave the threats until you are. If you want to grandstand then please feck off and do it somewhere else. Now, where were we? Oh yeah. @Derick, I didn't ask what you thought creator's motive was. I asked what makes you think you know and what lies has he told? @Matt, not emotional. It's talking about "trust" or "not trust" the creator now. By all the fact up to now, I cannot persuade myself to trust Chris anymore. @Michael, I told my friend about this yesterday. He kidding me that he would go to start a project like this. This is the quickest way to earn money in a short time. @ Derik. Regarding your profit estimate ... Not to forget that @creator earns interests from the 1 Mio $. I believe that interests have already exceeded the initial funding goal of 100K. This a really a smart watch and smart business model ... I think some people are getting a bit to emotional , yes this project is very late and yes the tech may not be as cutting edge as it would have been 8 months ago but pull yourselves together its only a watch. I still think we will get the agent watch hopefully it will be a quality made time piece that lasts a week without charging it , as far as im concerned no smartwatch has filled that gap yet. Please Please Please can we see the OS running Chris , Lawrence has provided photos and video of his part of the project i think its only fair that you do the same. @creator you disgust me! How dare you try to sully HoH's name by even saying you are looking for a contingency plan. He is so much more responsive in comparison to you. Every comment here I have asked for pictures and he has delivered them, NOT YOU! You are a LIAR & A THIEF! @Martin, thanks for your information. I have no idea on US law. I have the same thinking as yours. I prefer to have the watch as day one functionalities. I don't mind it's a little bit out-dated right now. Accountability is very important. Even though finally I cannot get back anything, Chris as a creator should pay the cost on fooling us and take our money. So, I brought up the prospect of legal action because in the aggregate, I believe that there is enough money at stake here to bring legal action, perhaps without front money. IANAL, but I think we qualify to sue as a class and while we might only get back 30% each, that's better than an empty wrist and empty wallet and the post-ripoff blues, and it serves as a powerful lesson to creators to be responsible and responsive. That, to me is more important that getting a relatively small amount of money back. I am a US citizen living outside the US right now, but I am starting the process of contacting legal providers in the NY area who might take such a case on speculation. Again, I would rather have a watch or a refund, but I also believe strongly in accountability. @Derick - don't think that will work, and I don't think we will need up-front money. There are over 5k backers in this project. Can anyone in US able to create a new KS project to raise money to sue Chris about this Agent project? May be this can find the final resolution on this project...... @Lawrence, you mentioned in previous comment that you are consulting the opinion of your lawyer. Can you share with us? @Roma, it is simple. Money drives his mind. If he continue the project, he may has 10-20% profit after many hard work done. If he make a story and run away, he has US$1M. The definition of "project failure" is not clear from KS. All the backers are from Internet and difficult to join together. If KS does not take the active role to take legal action, it is very hard for the backers to initial legal action to Chris. Moreover, start a legal action burns much more extra money! Therefore, even he has no input and wait the project die, nothing we can do on him. Hence, he can take the US$1M happily. In short, up to now, if we cannot find a way to start a legal action, Chris would not continue the project seriously. The sad thing is that there's still an open goal for a great smartwatch: -The original Pebble (which I'm still wearing) isn't a great looker; -The Pebble Steel looks a bit better, but the tech is now two years old; -The LG G watch or Samsung's efforts? Er...; -The Moto 360 is the first great looking smartwatch, but only works for Android, is more expensive and, so far, the battery won't last a day. Fail. -If the iWatch ever appears, it'll be proclaimed as the best thing in the world. Ever. But will probably cost the same as a yacht and will only work with an iPhone. A good looking, good working smartwatch, not tied to any particular OS is still in with a shout of making money in this environment. Whilst I may be out of the Kickstarter watches, I was still considering a retail version. I hope Lawrence, Chris and the rest of the team can actually get together, resolve the remaining technical issues and get this thing produced whilst it still has a chance Hi guys, -This video (part 1) shows Daniel and I adding a support wall for the screen to the bezel because we found the previous designs support wall was too low (non existent). -Part 1 - <url>"Creator, signing as Chris. I think it's the project manager. " Interesting point. Certainly the PM I had from Chris yesterday, which was signed "Chris" said in it "As project manager the buck stops with me as they say." I have asked him about this, since I thought that Anthony was the project manager. Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 125 124 123 122 121 120 119 118 117 116 115 114 113 112 Peter Cavanagh 111 Dean Forbes 110 Miguel Masse 109 Mehmed Bayram 108 Kian Way 107 Dean Parkes 106 Jeremy Iliev 105 Bryan Brandau 104 Gerald Koo 103 Peter Stollreiter 102 Laur Lhmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston @Derick, Yes. His communication has been awful but that doesn't make him a liar. What lies has he told us and why do you think you know what his motive is? The value of innovation in technology and design is highly perishable. Even if we had this watch today, I believe that it's moment has passed. That said, I would happily accept either a refund or the watch, but one of the two needs to be clearly forthcoming. I again applaud Lawrence and HoH for a valiant effort at doing right by us, but I can't see any way this comes to anything but grief for them. I knew from the outset that this was an investment and not a purchase, but KS's creator TOS does require a good-faith effort to deliver promised rewards in a timely fashion. I think the record of non-progress and material unresponsiveness on the part of SL is proper grounds for demanding and receiving refunds; and the scale of the money involved here is large enough to warrant legal action unless there is a radical improvement in engagement by SL, weekly backer updates directly from SL showing material progress, and clear closure on delivery by the end of Jan 2015. @Roma, are you still trust Chris? It is quite obvious that he is lying. He is trying to making a story that there are many technical issues on the case, and all the money was lost. @Matthe Searle, Will I did not add the back cover (1.5mm) so there is an addition of 2.4mm or a 20% increase over the original specs. The just release moto 360 is only 11.5mm tall which is 0.5mm shorter than the Smartest Watch, moto comes with color screen, heart rate monitor, 350mAh battery, wireless charging,etc. So this watch looks more like the Smartest Alec now. Very sad.. :( @Kueh "Damn, the watchcase has added an additional height of 3.9mm..." IIRC, Lawrence said that Chris did the specs etc without speaking to a watch manufacturer, which would account for that a bit. @creator so, with both you and Lawrence in Hong Kong at the same time, when and where will you be meeting to look at the watch case HoH have put together? We've seen pictures of Lawrence at work out there, how about a piccy to show you there as well? @Matt Mayatt +1 I dread getting an AGENT after all this time lacking core functionality which, for me, is about cleverly handling notifications coming in to my iPhone. More dreadly would be if it took another year for that stuff to be really humming. can you refund my amount please!!! @MMFlint publicity #kickstarter selfcalled inventor steal Mio$ from small people by fake projects. @chrisdwalker @agentwatches @kickstarter I think now would be a good time for Chris to show us what he has been doing all this time.. Photos or video of the agent OS working please. Y'all, lets try to get Michael Moore on board via twitter. Kickstarter capitalism ... "our team is made up of managers, electrical/software/industrial/mechanical engineers" -> this is just not true! The real base of this project are your variety of lies, @creator! There must be an ignore button available to creators. Chris has blatantly ignored Lawrence's every message here in KS. Come on, Chris. Discuss any problems, challenges, and resolutions on this project with Lawrence, like any grown man should. @Lawrence, Any further news from your conference call? @creator with such a team and such advancements, it should be easy to provide an update on: 1) Watch OS 2)Watch internal 3)Watch Companion App... Lawrence, thanks for the updates. Can I assume you have a working movement? Could you show us a demo on how it's currently working? I am beginning to wonder if my $149 bought me an awesome watch or a front seat to one of the most unprofessional meltdowns I've ever witnessed in a public forum. I have confidence the watch will be awesome when it ships, but my patience is wearing thin especially given other manufacturers are announcing and shipping their wearable devices as I type this message. I hope both parties come to a resolution for the sake of everyone who backed this project and get some Agents on some wrists quickly. Such a large team and absolutely every single person too busy to provide even 2 lines of an update on the electronics, OS, or timeline for months. Such incredible dedication. /sarcasm. What absolute moron would presumably pull together such a multi-faceted team, partner with another local company, then use a contract project manager thousands of miles away? Wait......I think we know the answer to that question.....don't we creator?. @Creator, Granted that there can be quite a number people involved in a project like this but there seems to be a lack of communication between you/group and the watch designer (HoH). @Lawrence has been calling you to communicate with him, so what up there? Why this attrition ? Please issue refunds! Hi Chris, ill be speaking with Anthony in 2 minutes, It would be who of you to join!! -Lawrence HOH Watches It seems any AGENT smartwatch will NEVER be shipped forever. I think it's time to refund all. We had waited enough. @Kueh, The original spec has 10.5 + 1.5 caseback. So it's grown by 2.4mm = 20%. @Jeremy, I've never met, spoken to, invested in, done business with, lent/owe money to, or had sexual relations with any of those people or entities. It's that simple. All my communications with Chris Walker and Lawrence Leyderman have been in writing and have been about this AGENT project in the context of my interest as a backer (x5). One exception - buying a Bedlam watch for the same discounted price offered to my fellow backers. Enough? Back to the project? Damn, the watchcase has added an additional height of 3.9mm (14.4mm-10.5mm). If my maths is not wrong then it has grown an addition 37.14% from the original specs. I am very sad now, it's too tall for my liking. The original height one of the two reasons that I backed this project the other being a first to support Windows Phone. :( Wow those photos, best thing I've seen yet that is correct Kueh -Lawrence @Lawrence, From the photos, Can I say that there is little avenue for you to reduce the height of the watch case ? Here you will also find a series of photos that show the AGENT watch assembly. Bezel inserted onto case: <url>#stillnorefund? :( @Roma, I am so sorry that I am still posting here, but how could not I? (insert popcorn.gif here) @Lawrence, Looks like my earlier theory that you are going to be cut off some point in time is coming to reality. Caveat Emptor. @Creator - "We are in Hong Kong this week at the annual watch supplier trade show, doing contingency planning in case House of Horology is unable to complete their small part of the project (or needs to drop out for whatever reason). I hope and expect that they will deliver a great watch case for us soon--but at this date we need a contingency plan." -Chris Walker This is simply a disgraceful comment Chris!!! If you are indeed here, why don't you hit me up. Meet with me, talk to the manufacturer, see whats going on? Seriously Chris?? Are you really serious? You are here. You are lying!! You are working on a contingency plan? What am I doing then? All I know is that i have been sitting on this conference call alone now for 20 minutes waiting for either you or Anthony to join and I'm still here alone waiting!! -Lawrence HOH Watches I'm confused. ... Spending hours responding to PMs from backers? Really? If that's true i would suggest that that time would be better spent providing updates here. @Creator - We are in Hong Kong this week at the annual watch supplier trade show, doing contingency planning in case House of Horology is unable to complete their small part of the project (or needs to drop out for whatever reason). I hope and expect that they will deliver a great watch case for us soon--but at this date we need a contingency plan. This is simply a disgraceful comment Chris!!! If you are indeed here, why don't you hit me up. Meet with me, talk to the manufacturer, see whats going on? Seriously Chris?? Are you really serious? You are here. You are lying!! You are working on a contingency plan? What am I doing then? All I know is that i have been sitting on this conference call alone now for 20 minutes waiting for either you or Anthony to join and I'm still here alone waiting!! -Lawrence HOH Watches @Roma: Hi. Thanks for responding but could you please give a specific confirmation of any relationships (personal, business or other) with each of the following entities: 1. Chris Walker 2. Secret Labs 3. House of Horology 4. Lawrence Leyderman 5. Winson Watches 6. The non-NY based project manager whose name eludes me right now. Thanks, Jeremy @George - Chris is not here in HK!! I have a conference call with Anthony in 5 minutes. I have requested Chris to be on that call a few times. I doubt he will be on but keeping fingers crossed. Its just going to be me again updating Anthony and asking him questions he can't answer probably. Also, reiterating old questions that he will probably not have answers to again either. Questions i have been asking for months. I will let you know shortly. Chris never gave me access to Kickstarter and to speak to you guys and that is why i have to post from here. Now that i am posting and active here i think he must step up his game! I love how Chris calls the watch case minor. Thats because he has no clue whats going on with it! Also, i have fixed his bezel, and backlight - his own parts. My update coming soon! Official, unofficial... whatever you want to call it! it will be real though, no nonsense ;) best, Lawrence It's funny, Lawrence is posting from another account. I know it's Lawrence based on the accuracy of the updates Creator, signing as Chris. I think it's the project manager. The updates are slim, if he was truly in Hong Kong and wanted people to believe him based on how bad the credibility has gotten, he should be posting images of him standing in the factory or in front of a monument of some type. The communication was decent today especially responding to PM's but Lawrence is giving exactly what I expect of updates. Finally, @creator and @Lawrence get in the ring! @Creator - "but any rumors that our team members are not working on the watch case and strap regularly are inaccurate." - Creator You do not help me, you don't speak to me and you make things harder for everyone! Thanks. Lawrence Hope that changes. Welcome back! @Jeremy, Roma is 1. a backer 2. a buyer of four pledges from other backers 3. a buyer of a great House of Horology Bedlam watch for a nice discounted price offered to all backers 4. a member of Team BADAR (Backers Adam Dzak And Roma) formed to try to improve communication about this project for all backers - we failed 5. someone who wants five AGENT smartwatches, so therefore ... 6. a supporter wanting the project to succeed I hope that answers your question. Let's get back to the project because it's not about Roma. I have only recently started being active with the comments so have missed a lot of older posts. Can someone please tell me what relationship @Roma has to the project and/or its creators? PM'd HoH to try to get full refund... timeline is so far behind that i'm no longer even interested anymore w/better retail solutions hitting the market the next few months from Moto and LG and Sony. @Mehmed, Didn't your credit card company give you your money back and didn't you say that once you were out you should stay out? @creator, You always say "we", but it is still not clear who is "we"? We as in you? We as in you+project manager in Utah? We as in you+HoH? We as in you+project manager in Utah+HoH? I believe it is now very well known that SL is a one man show, and if you are talking about yourself in plural, we (as in backers, except me!) have a problem... @Shawn, Yes that last Update tossed Lawrence under the bus well and truly. That's why Lawrence came out fighting. I too don't believe this project this project was/is a scam. These sorts of dramas get played out all the time in the business world. It just so happens that Kickstarter shines the light on it. That's the price creators have to pay for getting all their money up front. Secret Labs on Kickstarter? That's an oxymoron if I ever heard one! Chris' response to my PM is not helpful. He says rumours that "we are not engaged with" HoH are false. The real problem is that the two principals - Chris and Lawrence - are not personally talking to each other. Chris wants Lawrence to deal with the project manager. Chris justifies that by saying HoH's part of the project is "quite small" and there is every indication that Chris thinks Secret Labs are spending a disproportionate amount of time feeding the HoH beast. I think it is highly likely that the two will part company. There is no way Chris will have gone to Hong Kong unless he thinks the existing relationship is almost irreparable. The "secondhand supposed posts" comment is silly. I have had a lot of communication from Lawrence and the tone and style of his comments here are are consistent with Lawrence's way of saying things. The person posting as Mindy Westfried is definitely Lawrence Leyderman. Cut the bullshit creator. You're backhandedly tossing HoH under the bus (and I'm not implying there is zero fault in that direction), but they've been far more willing to provide something in terms of relevant information. You, on the other hand, continue to ignore requests for information relating to the significant/majority (using the inverse of what you've labelled HoH's contribution) work being done by the 'team' at (top) Secret Labs, or provide any update on timeline. I don't believe the intent of this project is/was to scam money, but the magnitude of your utter incompetence on many levels is staggeringly apparent. There is no high road here. Chris, please stop,playing the pronoun game: Lawrence has accused YOU of not being on the conference calls, so saying "we" and "us" implying secret labs is dishonest. Are YOU communicating with Lawrence about YOUR project? When I talked with Lawrence I warned him this exact thing would happen: the contract he signed gives chris the intellectual rights to the case design. Lawrence will complete the design, and then chris will distance himself, take that case design, and have it produced with cheaper materials at a d-fill center. He has already started by diminishing the importance of the case "small part of the project" and such. He eludes to leaving HoH with his "contingency" plan so when it happens, he can point back to it being Lawrence's fault. If this was such a small part, why have the majority of the updates focused on the even smaller things wrong with this small part? Shy are we only hearing now, after Lawrence going public, of the contingency? And why the hell don't we have updates about the larger parts? What is the status of this project, and what is the timeline for fulfillment? So either SL or HoH is lying, there i is no other explanation. Fubar. @creator behaves just ridiculous. Roma Aug 31, 2014: Hi Chris. Please have a look at the Kickstarter comments over the last couple of days. The detail Lawrence is posting is excellent from my perspective as a backer. However, it makes your own silence seem ridiculous and that is unfortunate. Please re-engage with Lawrence and your backers. Thank you. Secret Labs + House of Horology Sep 5, 2014: Hi Roma, The comments are rough. I'm not interested in publicly shaming or tearing down any of our team members--and I can't really reply to hearsay (second-hand supposed posts). We choose the high road, opting for professionalism and respect. We are engaged with House of Horology on a regular basis (many times per week, and sometimes several times per day). Their part of the project is quite small--but we continue to spend a huge amount of time helping them manage their work and providing emotional support as they wrap up their portion of the project. Any rumors that we are not engaged with them are, simply put, false. We are in Hong Kong this week at the annual watch supplier trade show, doing contingency planning in case House of Horology is unable to complete their small part of the project (or needs to drop out for whatever reason). I hope and expect that they will deliver a great watch case for us soon--but at this date we need a contingency plan. I am spending many hours replying to PMs from backers and will post a few comments on the Comments page. I am not going to get involved in dramatic throwings-under-the-bus of out team members. We are also supposed to have a big status update from the watch case team tonight--so I will hopefully have some official news to report to backers soon. Thank you for the PM, Roma. Chris Would love a look at the OS @Rogers, Just saying its a matter of opinion, not fact. As each month goes by, there will be more and more people sharing your opinion. There are plenty of projects with longer delays than this one. That's Kickstarterland. @creator, you may appreciate our patience, but you more then testing it with your lack of factual communication. Update on OS: nothing, Update on companion App (iOS, Android, WindowsPhone): Nothing. Update on the physical element: well no thanks to you we are getting fact from Lawrence. Update on internal elements: Nothing in the last 3 to 4 months. That's a lot of nothing, are we getting nothing? @Roma, there is no flaw, IMO. The promise was to deliver us these watches in the Dec 2013-Jan 2014 time frame; even thought that was the estimated delivery time I think most reasonable people would say that the fact we are now 9 months later and still don't have an ETA equates to failure to deliver and thus breaks the TOU as it relates to not providing us with the reward promised. Keep in mind, this project should have been completed in 6 months (June 2013 to December of 2013) and here we are another 9 months later with no ETA. We are so far beyond any reasonable delays that the only conclusion I can conceive is that Chris has walked off with all our money and anything he says to the contrary is just more BS. @Jamie Wallis, Where did Chris say he has a wonderful working relationship with Lawrence? From Lawrence's comments, Chris isn't personally talking to him. Chris hasn't denied that. He always uses the term "we". It seems the two principals are located a few blocks from each other in NYC and the project manager through whom Lawrence is forced to deal is in Utah! That's not helping this project much. a watch case can be out of style and bulky and usable If the OS pristine, unfonitanitly this endeavor has been placed on the backburner byo @Creator's so he can work on other projects...@CREATOR is anyone else besides Chris working on the OS, Back light, and movement? @creator = Liar! "" I know that the delays are frustrating, but any rumors that our team members are not working on the watch case and strap regularly are inaccurate." that scares me, we know lawrence is workin on that since he got on a friends profile to comment since u refused to give him access, but the past weeks worth of comments are about the hardware and software... which we have not been told about in months! He doesnt even read what we are saying nor does he understand that every bad idea that could happen revolves around the hardware and software @Rogers Pessin, I'm sure you see the flaw in your argument. It's that second bit "... or cannot (fulfill)". On Kickstarter you need to be able to demonstrate that a creator can't deliver your reward, regardless of how far they are behind their "estimated delivery" date. I guess you won't be using Kickstarter again and I wouldn't either unless I was prepared to take the risk. Someone on this project team is fundamentally full of s*** .... Lawrence says Chris is outright ignoring him, not answering anything and not returning calls and not going on con-calls ...... Chris says he has a wonderful working relationship and basically opposite Given we've seen more genuine interaction, information and progress details from Lawrence in the past 2 weeks than Chris has shown in months I'm inclined to believe HoH It feels like every response from Chris is a canned load of crap and just more of "we're creating something wonderful" blah blah The problem is this project from day 1 post-funding has never been about 'we' ... The backers were just fed a stream of endless excuses from month to month with no sense of honesty or integrity Worst part about this project .... even if we do end up getting the bloody thing it's gonna cost me another load in tax .... thats just insult to injury on a watch that's way too little, way too late. Chris even today doesn't get that all we EVER wanted even if he hit issue after issue was HONESTY .... straight talking ... but no ... even now its just more BS PR @Creator: Chris, you shared your estimated timeline when you put this project up on Kickstarter and asked for our support and money. Eight months late and counting, you still have our money. I think you should share another timeline. Don't you think that's reasonable? @Creator: A complete non-response, quite possibly answered by a robot. Per the Kickstarter FAQ, if you look at the section titled "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project?" the following is stated: "Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." You are now so far past the estimated delivery date of January of 2014 (and with no definitive target yet given for production) that you have, in any reasonable person's eyes, broken your promise. So, I am not interested in you setting things up to sell "my watch" to someone else, I want you to fulfill your obligations, per the Kickstarter Terms of Use, and refund me my money. Again, the Terms of Use states "...refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill". You have not fulfilled my reward and are in breach of your promise. Quit feeding me BS responses and give me a refund, it is that simple. This is the last Kickstarter project I will ever back. They basically set it up so that scammers like Chris can take our money and run. Any request for a refund from "AGENT: The World's Current Scam Watch" result in an offer to let someone else buy the watch you're supposed to get... never mind that likelihood that this watch will never go to production (IMO). I'm inclined to think it's time to start letting the world know that @chrisdwalker is apparently incompetent at anything other than stealing people's money. I have asked Chris whether this "professional relationship" might extend to communicating with Lawrence at any stage. In a few months, I might get an answer explaining how much Secret Labs appreciates my continuing support. Well, Chris has been on Kickstarter today, because he answered a PM I sent him on August 25th. I asked: "Three questions: 1) What is the relationship between SL and HoH? The project video and creator name implies full partners, but some backers have said that HoH are just suppliers. The relationship seems to be fractious at any rate given the HoH Twitter feed. 2) Why is there never an updated timeline in the updates? You provide no real information and just ignore the forums and the comments that people are asking. Hiding is no way to run a decent project. 3) Do you have any plans to use / moderate / monitor the Agent forums? You created them, and manage to post regularly in the Netduino forums, but seem content to just hide from the Agent project completely. The fact that the watches were meant to be shipped eight months ago but you can't even get the strap right is very worrying." Here's the response, which as ever speaks volumes: "Hi Matthew, We have a professional working relationship with House of Horology. They are a named designer on the inaugural AGENT product, the AGENT Smartwatch. During the pre-production portion of the project, House of Horology's part of the project is small but very important: in summary to move the watch case (including straps) from prototype to production, line up suppliers, and generally make sure that all of the "watch" parts of the project are taken care of with high quality and in a manner which can be reasonably mass-manufactured. Post-production, their responsibilities are largely with co-marketing of the finished product. The AGENT forums are peer forums and we don't have a moderator for them at the moment. They are mostly there for developers to chat about ideas using the SDK. On straps and delays, etc. I too am frustrated with the delays. As project manager the buck stops with me as they say. We are both currently pushing our team members to wrap things up for production--in a high-quality and professional manager--and also working on contingency plans as a backup. I know the wait is both long and frustrating. I really appreciate your patience while we get to the finish line together. I am confident that the end result will be worthwhile. Thank you very much for your support, Matthew." Make of that what you will. @creator via twitter: "@agentwatches: Please PM the Project Creator through Kickstarter; we'll be happy to look up your account and take care of your needs one-on-one." Recent PM from ChrisW, today: "Hi Michael, Most respectfully, we did live demos of AGENT Smartwatch features during the fundraising portion of the Kickstarter campaign and both we and independent third parties took videos and photos and posted them online, to Facebook, etc. We even helped people write code for custom apps, live, using our prototype hardware. I'm both really sorry and really frustrated that this project has taken so long to get to completion. I'm pushing our team members to wrap things up expeditiously, with high-quality and in a professional manner. I'm looking forward to seeing physical watch rewards roll off the assembly line and make their way to our awesome backers. Thank you very much for your support, and for your candor in sharing your frustration. We're listening and we're working to wrap this up for all of us. Chris" Hi All, -This is the technical design of our current AGENT pusher. The left half shows the inside and the right side shows the exterior. I thought this would be cool for you guys to see. <url>"We have a large, growing list of reservations for AGENT" but no offer to swap, just a standard no can do note ..... as they say interesting @deanforbes. I do like this comment from Chris "We have a large, growing list of reservations for AGENT" Well Chris the simple solution is swap one of the reservations for one of the refund requesters. Those seeking a refund get their money back and if the "We have a large, growing list of reservations for AGENT " will get the watch when it comes out. That way you will make a lot of people happy. Simple really. @Andrew Wilson I would say we are indeed sitting duck funding there little jolly and muck about This is the standard response to a request for a refund which I think is shameful in the extreme do these people have no pride Yes it is not a shop but this feels more like a con that some people building a MVP or initial product - the delay poor planning lack of foresight and skills just beggars belief Secret Labs + House of Horology says: Hi Dean, Thank you very much for your e-mail. Kickstarter is a place for like-minded individuals to come together, pooling our resources and making awesome creative projects possible. Since Kickstarter is not a store, there are no orders (or order cancellations/returns, refunds for returns, etc.) such as those you'd experience in a traditional sales environment. Like a telethon, our creative project offered backers the option to receive a reward. Those rewards included backer-only project updates and AGENT Smartwatches (the product we are creating with your support here on Kickstarter). The road to production has schedule risks as discussed on the project page; we tried to avoid many of those risks--but a few of the challenges have slowed us down. We're pushing to get past the last few milestones now on the road to production, and then we can start shipments to backers who chose one of the optional physical rewards. We'll keep you apprised of the project status as we push forward towards production. In the meantime, we understand that life circumstances change and that some backers may no longer desire to receive the optional reward they selected. We're here for you. In the case of physical rewards: if you would like us to help facilitate the sale of your reward once it's off the production line, we will be happy to help. We have a large, growing list of reservations for AGENT watches. We can't express enough how much your help means to us, to see AGENT become a reality. Please stay tuned as we get physical rewards ready for shipment; we have a few cool surprises in store yet as well. Thank you as always for your support, Chris @Simon - "ironically"? I thought it was going to be made from some sort of plastic? How will iron work with Bluetooth and the Qi charger? This user's account has been deleted. #agentwatch FAILED!!! IFA 2014 started today, and so many new smartwatches are now out in the market, can't help myself regretting buying this one.Timing is crucial....And in this one, it's over... Actually maybe I'm wrong about that one having shipped. At least there have been real life prototypes people have used though. So that's something. Seems kind of disappointing that other Kickstarter smartwatch projects ended after this did, made less than this did, but still managed to ship within a reasonable amount of time(i think there was like a month delay). Even though this other one has it's own problems I'm considering picking it up as it actually seems like I'll receive the preorder before I'll even hear about when or if the Agent will ship. <url>"bright side" would work for some of us. Our American friends would miss out though :) True Daniel - The AGENT watch isn't Forrest Gump. Perhaps more Simple Jack from Tropic Thunder? At least the watch case will be nice - and now that it is around 8 miles deep everyone will notice it on your wrist. Perhaps we could fill the case with lead and market it as a exercise device? Hey, now, comparing it to Forrest Gump is just wrong. At least Forrest Gump found success. And all he did was doing what other folks tell him to do... "The worlds smartest watch" has taken another battering today - Sony has launched a watch. Has a GPS, walkman and lots of other stuff. Chris Walkers description for this watch must of been factually incorrect to start with and the hook line is now but just a joke. Still no word from the coward - my guess is that Lawrence is wasting his time and the watch itself, even by some miracle it gets produced, will be as smart as Forest Gump and as relevant as a laserdisc player. On the bright side you could wear it ironically. Was this Omate that AG in Washington responded to someone's request to sue, and he rejected the case due to its just being an individual request, while suggesting that he would take the case if a group of Washington residents get together for class action? I forgot. I was reading on KS projects that's getting legal attention, and I don't remember which one was it. I still don't get how this watch would have happened had they only gotten the $100k that the goal was set as. @Roma Interesting. Point taken about comparison to Omate. However, looking at the information that you have given, how the hell has @Creator not been able to produce and Agent watch with all of those connections and experience and with over 1 MILLION DOLLARS. I'll repeat that, 1 MILLION DOLLARS. There are small companies who have produced several prototypes, and brought to market very sophisticated SmartWatches on a fraction of the budget that @creator has been given to play with. Its really sad that @Creator Chris says nothing still Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 125 124 123 122 121 120 119 118 117 116 115 114 113 112 111 Dean Forbes 110 Miguel Masse 109 Mehmed Bayram 108 Kian Way 107 Dean Parkes 106 Jeremy Iliev 105 Bryan Brandau 104 Gerald Koo 103 Peter Stollreiter 102 Laur Lhmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston I don't know any about US Law. Is it really nothing we can do except just waiting? Even Lawrence (I really appreciate on it) finished his job, the watch cannot be delivered without Chris involvement. If Chris is a short-sight person, he may think US$1M is greater than his reputation. Then, he won't continue to put effort on this project, since he has already get the money. @Mindy Westfried: keep up the work, Lawrence! Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 125 124 123 122 121 120 119 118 117 116 115 114 113 112 111 110 Miguel Masse 109 Mehmed Bayram 108 Kian Way 107 Dean Parkes 106 Jeremy Iliev 105 Bryan Brandau 104 Gerald Koo 103 Peter Stollreiter 102 Laur Lhmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url> 109 Mehmed Bayram 108 Kian Way 107 Dean Parkes 106 Jeremy Iliev 105 Bryan Brandau 104 Gerald Koo 103 Peter Stollreiter 102 Laur Lhmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"percentage of backers who wants refund", I would like to straighten it by putting my name on @Nathan Vergin's list. Once @Roma told somebody that if you got your money back, you do not have the right to come and talk about the project anymore. I believe it was a fair assessment as once you are out, you should be out. I came here once in a while to check comments after each update, and though I am out, I am even sadder now about the whole situation. I would like to conclude this with a quick prediction: Right after Apple and then Microsoft (and I mean "especially Microsoft" as Agent was supposed to be the first fully Windows Phone 8 compatible smartwatch and was featured in almost every Windows Phone blog, which was the sole reaspn I backed this...) would have presented their wearables, that percentage will only go up exponentially! Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 125 124 123 122 121 120 119 118 117 116 115 114 113 112 111 110 109 Mehmed Bayram 108 Kian Way 107 Dean Parkes 106 Jeremy Iliev 105 Bryan Brandau 104 Gerald Koo 103 Peter Stollreiter 102 Laur Lhmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus: Plazy? haha Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 125 124 123 122 121 120 119 118 117 116 115 114 113 112 111 110 109 108 107 106 Trogdor 105 Bryan Brandau 104 Gerald Koo 103 Peter Stollreiter 102 Laur Lhmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"application" for crowd funding: DO YOU HAVE A WORKING PROTOTYPE? If so, SHOW US! I agree, if this would have come out close to the projected date I would have been happy. As I looks now, it will be a year late. A week from Tuesday Apple will be announcing their watch and I plan on ordering. This will end up next to my Meta watch, iPod watch and pebble collecting dust. I'm am disappointed, I took a chance, believed the sales pitch and took the gamble. That's what Kickstarter is, a gamble. Look at the Vachen watch <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>hmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url> except that one has already shipped.. Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 125 124 123 122 121 120 119 118 117 116 115 114 113 112 111 110 109 108 107 106 105 104 103 102 Laur Lhmus 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"p" and ends with "y." Now, as you probably won't refund us like a responsible developer would - get your sh*t together, communicate with your partners and do your job you've been paid for, getting those watches on our wrist. I'll probably frame mine and hang it on the wall next to my working desk to remind me of certain "don't try it yourself" aspects of Creating.. Thanks a lot Lawrence for all the informative updates and pictures on Facebook! These have been much more informative than the monthly updates which Chris posts with no progress... I really wish that Chris starts concentrating only on this watch and stops his other Netduino work/conferences till the time this watch has been realized. Hello again!! Something cool just came up - I will be exhibiting at an event in NYC on the 19th of September showing all of the new watches HOH is coming out with. I will also be showing the AGENT's most up to date hardware. If you are in NYC on September 19th and want to meet me, chat and see the most up to date AGENT hardware as well as the new HOH watches put this on your calendar. The event will be held from 7-10pm. I will have more details such as location for you all very soon! best, Lawrence HOH Watches AGENT BEZEL - Here you can see what was fixed in the Bezel HOH Revision 1 and what still needs fixing. Hopefully we have identified all the issues so that HOH Revision #2 is perfect. -Changes from the original Bezel to Revision #1 (Pictured) 1) The wall section at the 6 o clock side had to have the center removed so that the tail of the screen can come through. 2) We added .5mm to the outer edges of the bezel so that the bezel fits nice and snug when put onto the watch case -Changes that still need to be made (will be made in Revision #2) 1) The inner walls of the bezel that house the screen need to be adjusted by .5mm (.25 from each side) 2) The top and bottom walls need to be shifted up towards the 12 o clock side by .5mm so that the screen can fit inside the case perfectly. 3) The feet of the bezel need to be shifted .5mm downward toward the 6 oclock side so that the backlight can fit inside the case and lock into the bezel perfectly. 4) After shifting the bottom and top walls up .5mm, another .5mm needs to be added to the 6 o'clock (bottom) wall to match the screen size. 5) The inner walls that surround the screen on the 12,3,9 o'clock side need to be raised higher up (on the inside portion of the watch only) by .5mm because they are too low to hold the screen into place. Please refer to this photo, it will help you visualize the changes. <url>m used to that. He never contacts me or answers anything I send him! I am really hoping that changes. I had an 80 minute call with Anthony yesterday updating him and trying to get my questions answered. He has not spoken to Chris either this week. He told me Chris Walker is out west at a coding conference. -Lawrence HOH Watches Watch looks really cool, this will be so disappointing if Chris manages to sabotage the smart part of the watc. Please Chris set or minds at ease and show us the OS. "and things would move much faster if Chris Walker would work on this watch with me!!!" Chris Walker has run out of excuses Lawrence. Now you're contributing he has no where to run. The silence is deafening isn't it? The thing is Chris is likely having a nervous breakdown right now. PLEASE - I beg you. Don't invest too much in this until you have something from Chris telling you that additional funds are headed your way and that the OS is ready with the funds in place. Chris - if you're reading this - I suggest for the sake of your wellbeing that you respond. The net is closing in on you. Well, since I'll be in New York for the next two weeks, I will also buy you a beer if I can find time out This user's account has been deleted. @Lawrence I'm travelling from Australia to New York in the second half of September for holidays. I would seriously like to buy you a beer ;) This user's account has been deleted. Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 125 124 123 122 121 120 119 118 117 116 115 114 113 112 111 110 109 108 107 106 105 104 103 102 101Christy Ford 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"reality" (technical design and sample making) of manufacturing stage, there are many many changes that have to be made (functional and aesthetic). This happens when I pass our designs over to the manufacturer. Things you thought were possible turn out impossible and so on... but you still push and try and believe they are possible while looking for other ways to still do it the way you want!! At least I do!!! Chris designed the AGENT watch. From my understanding, Chris wanted to model the AGENT after the HOH Bedlam watch and the HOH Bedlam watch case is 12mm thick  the same as the AGENT. Chris may have not realized that the case back won't sit inside or screw into the case because it is not round. The additional thickness is due to the realization that the case back in its entirety has to sit outside of the watch case. The case back now has an outer ring/gasket and crystal inside it, which makes it 2.2mm, but I will double check if I can get the thickness down. -Lawrence HOH Watches The original spec showed 10.5mm + 1.5mm caseback, as Shawn said. Presumably the crystal was included in the 10.5 as it wasn't mentioned separately. By memory, the light guide film was to have been 0.1 thick and the implemented back light 1mm, so that explains why AGENT should have grown to, say, 13mm. I wonder what the further 1.4mm is down to? @Roma/AlexJ/Shawn The watch case alone is 12mm. (Without crystal and case back.) Crystal goes over the case by .2mm and the case back adds another 2.2mm. The AGENT is actually 14.4mm thick. The case needs to be that size to fit the components inside. I can try to shave a little off the case back but since we hid the gasket inside, I don't think its possible. I will double check. -Lawrence Roma,I was just about to comment something similar. Lawrence, is that the final spec or are you still tweaking the case? Roma - beat me to it, but the original was 10.5mm plus a 1.5mm case back. Is the 14.5mm dimension from Lawrence with or without case back? If case back increases that thickness, it will be a very thick watch indeed. @Lawrence, Hope you saw my earlier post. Re case thickness, the original spec was 12mm. My new Bedlam is 13mm and that is a tight fit under some of my business shirt cuffs, although the thick watchband (which is delightful) adds a fair bit to the circumference. Any chance of getting AGENT's 14.5mm down at all? @Lawrence Great work! Thank you very much! I hope communication with Chris is getting better now. Mini-update: Hello to all, I am finishing up with testing the fit of the new backlight (housing) and bezel we redesigned earlier this week. We had them printed at Fineline Prototyping and they just came in. I will tell you what changes were made and what changes still need to be made. Im positive we will have this perfected by this time next week. The AGENT watch case I have in my hands looks good as well and may not need any more alterations! I will be posting another update by the end of this weekend and also working on creating a blog to keep things organized. I can't post photos here which is a big problem. I will post updates on this comment section as well as here - agentwatches.blog.com Also, Im leaving to Hong Kong on Monday September 1st for 8 days and will be with our manufacturer for a majority of the time hammering out all the final kinks and details together. -Lawrence HOH Watches @Ces Hi! The AGENT case is 14.5mm thick. @Lawrence* (spelling) Making mistakes isn't the same as being dishonest. If this is a scam, it's quite possibly the worst scam ever. @Lawerence, thank you for stepping up and setting an example for @Creator. I hope bringing this into the open cleans up these communication issues. @all Is it just me, or does anyone else find it sketchy that Chris had denied Lawrence admin access from day one? For those who missed it, Chris was avoiding communication with Lawrence (HoH), whom you saw in the promo video. Hired as consultant, he is now working beyond his duties. For more details, scroll down. @Michael No need for that. Chris has already exposed himself, while his consultant is at least trying to save this project. I'd much rather see them cooperate, and Lawrence is ready for it. Up to you, @Creator GET IN THE RING! @Chris @Lawrence. GET THE RING! Right here in the forum. Gonna be entertaining :-) @Ces, From looking at the photo of the current update, it looks like at least 3mm over the initial campaign prototype. I have asked for @Creator to measure it with a calliper but to no avail. @Creator, What is the current thickness of the watch case? Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 125 124 123 122 121 120 119 118 117 116 115 114 113 112 111 110 109 108 107 106 105 104 103 102 101 100 Andy Heston 99 John Niewoit Jr 98 Martin van Veen This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>creator tries to cover up with self-induced hardware problems. Seriously  I cant come up with another reason to stop communication with the expert in one department of your project and in consequence slowing it down if you dont have bigger problems in another. I didnt take the time to review the .net environment for the watch; maybe someone could tell if there is more than a crude emulator in pre-alpha status? Being in this field of work I know that software projects are even more prone to being delayed than things in the tangible world. But maybe I am completely wrong  and the reason is just aliens. Max Please consider that English is not my first language, so I might sound kind of funny ;) Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 100 99 98 97 96 Kevin Piol 95 Chris Wong 94 Ovsep Ambartsumyan 93 Robert Wu 92 Daniel Hirshleifer 91 kani 90 RJ 89 Ray Seah 88 Gary A. 87 Brandon H 86 Ty Jero 85 Cornelis Wilcocks 84 Joseph Lee 83 Nathaniel Gori 82 Franky_B 81 Michael Klinge 80 Colton S. 79 Paul Eagles 78 Zack Jones 77 Derick Wong 76 Deansy This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"fallout" from this. If this doesn't move chris to action, I just can't believe anything will. @Lawrence, G'day from Australia. Looks like you've grown your hair, mate! Thanks for finding a way to join in (should we thank Joshua Page also?) and for updating us. Let's hope this starts to clear the air and Chris focuses on this project much more sharply. I think he's bitten off more than he can chew and he way underestimated the openness and accountability that Kickstarter backers expect in the course of a good project. The fact Chris calls his company Secret Labs would indicate the struggle he's having with being open about information. That's a reason, not an excuse. It's fine for companies to keep quiet until their new products are launched (9 September for something, I hear) but not so when you crowd-fund. The benefit of getting the money upfront comes at a price and when creators don't pay that price, they pay another one. So, onwards and upwards! I'm enjoying my new Bedlam - a big, chunky serious watch - and I'd be delighted if AGENT looks a lot like that. Is your special discount offer still available to other backers here? Thanks for the update Lawrence - really appreciated. Would love to see some technical images of the modified case design. Creator you now need to give us an update, nothing polished just lay it out as it is. Come clean if you are struggling, tell us where you are and what you need to do. This project will only move forward in backers eyes when we have some transparency. I still want this watch but need confidence that there is plan and progress?? Have been close to asking for refund but new information from Lawrence means I am waiting to see what you have..... Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 100 99 98 97 96 95 94 93 Robert Wu 92 Daniel Hirshleifer 91 kani 90 RJ 89 Ray Seah 88 Gary A. 87 Brandon H 86 Ty Jero 85 Cornelis Wilcocks 84 Joseph Lee 83 Nathaniel Gori 82 Franky_B 81 Michael Klinge 80 Colton S. 79 Paul Eagles 78 Zack Jones 77 Derick Wong 76 Deansy This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>" " Black 100 -REGULAR Color Size (W) Size (L) Stitching Color QTY Black 22x22 80x120 Green 100 Black" " Yellow 100 Black" " Orange 100 Black" " Red 100 Black" " Blue 100 Black" " Purple 100 Black" " White 200 Black" " Black 200 White 22x22 80x120 White 50 Brown 22x22 80x120 White 100 BROWN " Black 100 EXTRA LONG Color Size (W) Size (L) Stitching Color QTY Black 22x22 90x130 White 100 Black" " Black 100 TOTAL 1,650 Leather straps ordered thus far. Silicone (Only standard/regular size was ordered 80mmx120mm) Strap Color Stitch Color QTY BLACK BLACK 200 BLACK WHITE 200 BLACK YELLOW 100 BLACK RED 100 BLACK ORANGE 100 BLACK GREEN 100 BLACK BLUE 100 BLACK PURPLE 100 BROWN BLACK 100 BROWN WHITE 100 TOTAL 1,200 ordered thus far I believe Chris will offer all of the strap we made as backer options. best, Lawrence HOH Watches @Kueh Could be. Let's show some support for Lawrence, and hope that it pressures Chris to reward him accordingly. As bad as things are, it's great to sense positivity emerge on this forum. @Lawrence HoH, Thanks for putting up your side of the story. Reading between the lines and the long running stalling and avoidance from Chris of SL, I would hazard a guess and you should contemplate the possibilities that SL could be working on the project in parallel until such time that SL can present a completed solution and thus cutting you out. Anyone care to add this this theory? Thanks. Thanks, Lawrence. You say the straps will take 4 months? Since Chris only talks to us once a month and, even if there will be a survey next month, he'll probably also wait a month to get the complete survey results. At best, it's still 6 months away. So we're still looking at a Feb/Mar 2015 time frame? And that's on the account of Chris Walker making better communication and getting his ducks in order. Based on the way things have currently been, I'm predicting more delays and June/July 2015 as a realistic best... @Nathan +1 I might be in Madison, WI later this October as well. Don't know for sure yet, but it's an amazing place. Kudos to Lawrence and Mindy. Keep it up! Does anyone have a complete list of the stitching options? I can see orange, grey, green / yellow, red, blue and white on the main page? Then there is the choice between silicon and leather, and normal or long straps? Does that cover all the options??? What a mess. If you want to add your name to the refund list please copy the newer abbreviated version of the list when doing so. Don't worry, I'll take care of transferring the newly added names over to the external master list. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after each new set of 25 names. 100 99 98 97 96 95 94 93 92 91 kani 90 RJ 89 Ray Seah 88 Gary A. 87 Brandon H 86 Ty Jero 85 Cornelis Wilcocks 84 Joseph Lee 83 Nathaniel Gori 82 Franky_B 81 Michael Klinge 80 Colton S. 79 Paul Eagles 78 Zack Jones 77 Derick Wong 76 Deansy This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>t have that kind of failure rate or problem with any of the HOH watch parts. We have had close to 0% problem rate/repair rate with our watches so far. Its for looking into the future and to have great support infrastructure in place ahead of time. I have not gotten word from Chris Walker on what his first watch production run will be. I do believe he is/was planning on getting these watches onto store shelves after the backers get their rewards. It will have to be at least 5,686 (+1 for me) for sure. I will add this question to my list as well. Whats important is to begin the production, we can tell them how many we need any time. best, Lawrence @Mindy/Lawrence Thanks for the updates, that was incredibly informative. So judging by this line in your letter... "We confirmed that the first ready case will be sent to us approximately 45-50 days in to mass production so that we can submit it for FCC testing. Full mass production takes approximately 70 days once approved." It looks like we are still at least 6 months out from getting our watches. Thats unfortunate, but keep pressing on Lawrence, and if you see Chris again give him 5,685 swift kicks in the ass for the backers. Thanks @Lawrence - always better coming from the horses mouth. I am not surprised that you're taking a financial hit on this and although I cannot thank you enough for that work I also think that you should stop doing Chris's job unless he pays you. I speak from bitter experience. It also makes you wonder where all of Chris's "extra costs" are that he keeps talking about. The watch as I discussed with you can be the best in the world but unless the OS and support is in place then it won't be worth all that effort. We are now at least a year late before any watch gets delivered. That in technology terms - especially in an emerging market is a life time. The iwatch will soon be out and the android watches are doing nicely. Who the hell will develop apps using .NET framework especially if only 5000 get produced? (Give you a clue - go look at Windows RT and then triple the issue). Thanks to Chris and his shocking communication etc I fear that despite everything you have done we the backers will end up with a nice cased relic at best and you being stiffed yet again. You highlight many other issues and challenges that a fortnight later havent been addressed to you. Chris will certainly come to you and say that due to the delays your cut needs reducing. I don't want to be negative - I love being positive. But the evidence points to this ending badly. Not interested, don't have an iPhone. iWATCH SEPT 9th folks! @Lawrence c/o Mindy: Thanks a lot for the insights and updates, they're much appreciated! I hope you can continue to post updates, and that you'll keep on working on the project (while getting paid/rewarded for it). I kinda wish that Chris would concentrate on the electronics and software and leave the rest of the project (bezel and assembly springs to mind) to you. It seems that that would allow you both to do what you're best at (and that's actually when I expected would happen when I read about the project last year). When reading the last part of your letter to Chris, one question arises; How many units are you planing to make? You ask Chris about how many extra parts are needed and for how long the assembly line will be available, that suggests that you're planing to do one limited/fixed production run (and maybe more after that if there's demand). Can you let us know how many units is first production run? 5685? Thank you Lawrence for the details of the hard work you have been doing and the frustrations with the creator that have been going on. I really hope that @Chris at least from now starts coordinating with you at HoH and gets this watch manufactured in the shortest tine possible as this has been dragging along for such a long time. @Lawrence + Mindy: thank you so much indeed. You have our attention and support. Thanks @Lawrence and @Mindy. As CW is not working together with you, I feel sorry ... But Lawrence is riding an almost dead horse :-( @Lawrence c/o Mindy: Thank you very much, your updates (because THESE are actually updates!) are much appreciated. It's a real pity you have to deal with such a person like Chris, but all your efforts are to be praised. @Creator (aka Chris): consider refunding the people that are asking for it, please. @Lawrence c/o Mindy! Thank you 100 times. You seem to be doing all that myself and other backers would want. @Chris of SL - Give us refunds. oh yeah. -Lawrence HOH (not Mindy) :) -By the way, when i went to Kickstarters office in Brooklyn to discuss this project and try to seek some assistance, i was turned away and told that impromptu meeting are not taken. Ok, granted, but -Then when i emailed them requesting a meeting with Chris, Kickstarter (who ever is the right person there) and myself (since we are all in NYC) to discuss the problem and ask that they give me access to backers, i was turned down on grounds that they don't deal with interpersonal backer problems and told that in these instances everything is usually fine a year down the road. -Not cool Kickstarter!! Many thanks Lawrence and Mindy - nice to have a real update with some actual detail of what is going on with the watch. Come on, Chris - you need to get your act together and let us know what is happening with the rest of the project. Looks more encouraging to me, we need Chris to confirm what's happening with the OS. Part 2.... I didn't have enough room to post the entire letter. again, this is from 10 days ago and i will have another update for you later this week for sure! Unanswered questions/issues HOH has for Secret Labs **Whats going on with packaging???? **Whats going on with gaging which straps the backers want? **How does FCC testing work? How long does it take? Can you let them know ahead of time that we will be sending something to secure a place in line to save time? -On this (FCC) note (so we are on the same page) mass production will be held up waiting for the FCC code since we need to print it on the caseback. The timeline changes to 50days then we have to add the time it takes to get FCC approval. **Do you want to make another silicone mold? (mold 5 weeks, production 3 months) **Do you want the pusher to extend further into the case? If yes, how much further? **Do you want Daniel to also Glue the coil to the caseback after assembling it? I am asking because he uses UV glue and then a UV hardening machine and you dont have one of those. I dont think you want to buy one! Please advise. **Whats going on with the caseback design??? -I keep asking for logos and to know what you want me to put on the case back of the watch. We have to put AGENT on the back as well as the FCC code. What else?? HOH logo??? SL logo?? **I STILL DO NOT HAVE A MOVEMENT! Our manufacturer has the one movement we were provided. Shipping it back and forth is what we have been doing. For testing and moving forward at a fast rate, this makes things extremely difficult. Can you please send me another movement and bezel? **I want to see the finances and how money has been spent!! **Can I see the finances? ** After-sales  What % of extra parts is needed? **What is your after-sales time frame of support? ** Where are you assembling? **Are you keeping that place open for after-sales? **Bezel Tolerance Problem- The bezel is not a perfect fit for the watch case. The tolerance created makes it so that the bezel does not fit perfectly and will result in a huge problem during assembly if overlooked! You can see from the photos/video I have sent that of the bezel inside of the case that the shifting and the imperfect fit of the bezel leads to inside variations of where the legs of the bezel end up and this will create an issue when you are trying to fit in the screen and backlight if it is not perfect!!! I think that you will have to fix the bezel so that there is no tolerance. What do you want to do about this? How do you want to fix this issue? THIS IS THE LETTER I REFERRED TO IN MY LAST POST I send this to Chris Walker last week on Monday, August 18th to use for his update. i wanted you guys to have this so you can fill in what was missing in his update. Also, a lot has been done in the last 10 days such as us fixing the bezel and backlight that didn't fit into the case. Next update - coming soon. Hi Chris/Anthony SECRET LABS, I sent you guys an invite to a Dropbox folder that contains many photos/cad files/videos and more AGENT related stuff. Please have a look at the DROPBOX folder before reading this. I just want you to get acquainted with what is there so that this makes much more sense to you and you know where to go back for references. HOH UPDATES/PROGRESS made over the last 4-6 weeks. HOH went to visit the manufacturers factory in China and approved the facility -I got to review the first watch case before it was sent to Secret Labs. I could not do a thorough review at the time because I did not have many of the AGENTS components at the time. I send my initial review and issues found immediately. -Once Secret Labs received that case and had issues with fitting the components into it, we realized that the case needed to have the inside redesigned and the filleted corners removed. We succeeded in redesigning the inside of the AGENT case so that the movement/backlight/screen fit inside. We made new CAD files (technical files) and made new watch cases for testing. -While in China, I got the price of sapphire crystals dramatically reduced -I received and approved the silicone strap stitching quality and colors to Secret Labs. They look beautiful. I cant provide you with pictures since you are holding onto the samples. Please take photos of them for the backers. Thank you. Also, all of the black silicone straps were made already and were awaiting stitching since you approved them before when you sent over the money to Wallace at Sun Loon. They were only waiting on the stitching approval  Sun Loon made the straps a long time ago. -The buckles for the silicone straps just had the logo etched in and are going to the plating phase now. (I am waiting on the delivery date) -Pushers  We changed the size of the pusher to the size SL requested. We then had to change the case design where the pushers sit by enlarging the hole and successfully did that as well. We fixed the issue of the first push requiring more pressure than the rest by over 50% percent by using a pusher that requires less pressure all around. This issue of the first push requiring more pressure than subsequent ones is standard in watches and is not really an issue at all. Having pressure build up in the pusher when not used for a while is normal. This is the same for HOH Bedlam watches, I checked!! -We ordered the AGENT screen displays so that we could have one for ourselves and one for our manufacturer because we did not have one and either did they. -We ordered 3D prints of the backlight for ourselves and our manufacturer because we did not have one and were never provided with one. -We fixed the hexscew issue by having the size changed so that a standard Allen key can work and be used. -We redesigned the caseback after all the issues SL presented to us, solving all of the issues from the previous caseback design and making it a much better design. We got approval from SL to go forward with the new design. We made a CAD deisgn/new technical design and 3D printed it for testing. The glass will be attached to the outer ring overseas using UV glue when assembled, but the gasket and case back (crystal already attached to it) will be attached to the case here in the USA during final assembly (no glue necessary). Some of my comments on the NEW caseback. Also, please refer to the files in the Dropbox folder for reference You can see where the groove for the gasket is located on the inside of the outer PC CB ring. (Outer caseback ring drawing with side view.pdf) .. ***The gasket on the new caseback will be hidden inside the groove you see in the photos. It will not be exposed and will not add any thickness to the watch. It will not be like the previous gasket at all.*** Glue will be used on the outer edge of the back crystal to attach to the PC ring. The row of Xs denoted the black plating around the glass before being attached to the PC outer ring to hide the glue if going the clear back crystal route. (Back Crystal outlined glue area.pdf) You can also see the nice new angled edge of the PC outer ring. It is a nice touch and will feel nice against your wrist. (AGENT caseback blue denoted gasket.jpg) One more HUGE benefit of having that PC outer ring there is that the back crystal now has protection from being hit on the edges and chipping or breaking!! That was definitely the watches weakest point for any impact and now its gone. I think this is a very nice design revision!!! I like it much better than the old full crystal back. - We confirmed that the first ready case will be sent to us approximately 45-50 days in to mass production so that we can submit it for FCC testing. Full mass production takes approximately 70 days once approved. -Our first leather strap order should be in shortly. -Look at the way that water balls up on Sapphire in the photo in dropbox. Pretty cool! Questions from SL to HOH Q: What kind of glue will the manufacturer be using? A: UV Glue 3031B. Once the glue is applied the watch case is then put into a UV machine that strengthens the glue. Q: What is time frame & cost for new parts (CB gasket and PC outer CB ring)? A: -Gasket for the new caseback mold fee is $xxx -Gasket mold will take 25 days to make. -PC outer caseback ring the caseback mold fee is $xxx -PC outer caseback ring mold will take 30 days to make. Q: Can you please provide hardness statistics for K1 and Sapphire Crystals? A: Yes, see below. K1 Crystal Bending strength : 863 Mpa Vickers hardness : 640 HV Surface compression: 785 Mpa Surface compression layer: 20 um Sapphire crystal Bending strength : 686 Mpa Vickers hardness : 1200 HV Q: Can we use a ceramic case back outer ring instead of PC A: Yes, but it will be much more $$ and will put the watch over budget. It will add $xxx to the cost of the watch and an additional $xxx for tooling. Progress over the last week and whats coming August 15th -I received the revised case with the new pushers and corrected hex screws. -I received both production ready K1 and Sapphire front crystals for testing August 16th I received the 3D printed backlight and the new caseback outer ring. (This is the first time I have had a backlight to test.) Issues found and corrected -I noticed that the screws that were provided do not fit perfectly, they are .1mm too large. I also noticed that another part of the inside of the case needed to be altered. I communicated the issues and solved them with the manufacturer immediately and we will have the new corrected case and screws in a few days. (Friday August 22nd delivery) -Fri August 22nd I am receiving a new AGENT case with all the fixes complete from the prior weeks case. I am also receiving the factory ready sample of the caseback crystal (black coated and clear). ******HOH REQUESTS TO MEET WITH CHRIS AND ASSEMBLE THE WATCH TOGETHOR ONCE NEW CASE IS RECEIVED AT THE END OF THIS WEEK or OVER THE WEEKEND!!!!! This will save us weeks!!!! I have no movement is hand either.****** Assembly Process (discussed and detailed with SL) Overseas construction -Case will be created -Case will have pushers installed -Bezel will be installed into the case (SL needs to ship bezels overseas) -Front crystal will be installed/glued onto the case after the Bezel is secured/glued into place -Caseback crystal will be glued onto the caseback outer ring and sent to the US (will not be attached to the case because we need to put the AGENT organs inside the watch) Parts being shipped to the US -Case with bezel and front crystal assembled together -Caseback assembled -Hex screws -Caseback screws US assembly/construction -Screen will be fitted into the watch behind the bezel -Backlight will be inserted behind the screen and fitted into place by matching the legs of the bezel and the holes of the backlight -(inside housing will be inserted) -Movement will be inserted and connected to the screen and backlight -Charging coil will be attached to the caseback -Charging coil will be attached to the movement/battery -Gasket will be inserted between the caseback and the case -Caseback will be screwed onto the case with the gasket in between -Tang buckle will be attached to the strap -Strap will then be fitted onto the watch using the black PVD hex screws The entire appeal of this project was to have a cutting edge piece of tech. In December of 2013 it would have been. If it was shipping now I'd take it with a bit of frustration because there will likely be an iWatch from Apple that works better soon. But the fact that this project is still in an infant state after this amount of time makes me believe that by the time it comes out, it'll be like receiving a black and white tv. Liar Chris changed schedule and he told he will begin shipping AGENT smartwatches this month (see update #20). But he is still stopping at mold work, that is the first step of schedule (see iupdate #22 and project home). I'm sure he can't ship any AGENT smartwatches in 2016. I don't want such an outdated product. I want to get my money back. Hello and good day to all - or night, wherever you may be! This is Lawrence Leyderman of HOH Watches. I first would like to say thank you for being backers of this project and Im extremely sorry for the delays and especially communication coming from Creator. (Creator refers to Secret Labs because I never was allowed to communicate with you guys here and I was hired to assist and help rather than partner.) I get communicated to less from him than even you guys do, trust me. I find out a lot of the issues SL has with the watch/progress at the time he posts updates on Kickstarter - not very cool! Issues that if communicated to me can be discussed and fixed in hours instead of weeks/months. Creator does not accept any meeting in person and I have only seen him 1 time in all of 2014, and thats because I ran into him accidentally in a bagel shop. Chris also does not answer my emails, calls, or text messages. There is a conference call set up 3x a week at 8am Monday, Wednesday, and Friday with Anthony (the manager Chris hired to communicate with me), but most of the time Im just repeating myself from the previous call and asking the same questions. Chris is never on the call. I dont think the communication between and Chris and Anthony is that good either? Chris says he is always traveling but I do not know where or what he is doing! Anthony lives in Utah and I have never met him but thankfully he communicates with me and I dont know what I would do if he wasnt hired by Chris to facilitative some sort of communication. I was offered the opportunity recently to get on here and seized it!! Next, I just want to communicate what I will be doing here on the comments page. I will come on here and keep you guys updated as to whats really going on, progress, issues, advancements and answer your questions after I consolidate them to the best of my ability. To start that, I will post a letter I sent to Chris last Monday, August 18th. I was asked to send a update/report to SL for them to use in the update along with their own tech portion. In addition to that, I added the Assembly process to my best knowledge for CW to review and get back to me if anything there is incorrect as well. Also there are issues I pointed out, questions I have for SL and some answers of questions SL had for me. Along with that I also created a Dropbox folder containing all CAD files, photos, videos, and all reference material. (Chris Walker still has not accepted my Dropbox invite to view all of that from 10 days ago) To follow up on that letter since there has been much progress on my end in the last 10 days since, I will also very soon post another update. I dont think I will be able to always answer every single comment/question immediately but I will consolidate all questions and answer them as often as I possibly can. I just dont want the actual work/progress to be affected by my time here. That being said, dont worry, I am here and will answer things in a good fashion. Questions related to the tech part of this project are impossible for me to answer. I dont know anything about OSs how they work, SDKs, details associated to functionality of the system. I can answer and help with anything that has to do with the watch case, gaskets, pushers, front crystal, back crystal, outer ring of case back, straps, buckles, hex screws water resistance and anything along those line. I have recently taken the Bezel issue and Backlight design issue into my hands because I was not getting any answers from SL and fixed it so I can help answer questions about the assembly of that as well but not the functionality or final mass production details. I send my revised design into 3D print yesterday (with Fineline Prototyping) and will have it in my hands in a few days so I can test the fit. I made 4 copies of everything so that everyone can have one (Chris, Anthony, Manufacturer and myself) I am not responsible for manufacturing of those parts and do not know where Chris plans to make them. Also, questions about how the money gets spent are impossible for me to answer since I dont get told. Chris Walker (Secret Labs) has all the funds and does not disclose to me how they get spent. This is also why I cant do anything about refunds myself. In full disclosure I got a small payment upfront in the beginning to cover my work/end of this project. I have lost much more than I got and continue to do so without asking for any money. Im also sorry but I have replaced the actual cost/numbers with xs for legal concerns. Chris is right about me being frustrated and stressed. But all of that is because of his lack of communication and him making this project even more difficult than it should be. No matter what I am here and working at 100000% of my ability to help get you guys this watch!! Chris can still hopefully turn around and work with me on this like he should always have! I dont have any clue as to why this happened and he dis-communicated me at all. Not the slightest inkling!! Anyway, nice to finally have a voice and use it. It feels good to finally make contact with you guys and Im very happy to now be here beside everyone!! This feels right! All the best, Lawrence PS - Update that should have been added to last update. Coming up!!! I also plan to organize some photos/videos for you guys to see very soon, any recommendations on how should I go about doing that and where should I place them? Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. 5685 Number of Backers 91 Number of Refund Requests 1.60% Backer Percentage 91 kani 90 RJ 89 Ray Seah 88 Gary A. 87 Brandon H 86 Ty Jero 85 Cornelis Wilcocks 84 Joseph Lee 83 Nathaniel Gori 82 Franky_B 81 Michael Klinge 80 Colton S. 79 Paul Eagles 78 Zack Jones 77 Derick Wong 76 Deansy 75 Mark Wallace 74 Samuel Hayes 73 Christian Massi 72 Martin Calsyn 71 Marco Morbin 70 Stefan D. Poulsen 69 YJiang 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 9 dan nguyen 8 OSKEE 7 Suresh 6 Sean P. McAdam 5 Pierre Bjurdelius 4 Lucas Ebaugh 3 Garrett Newman 2 Harley 1 Nathan Vergin While I completely understand everyone's frustration here, I honestly do not believe that Chris (Secret Labs) has run off with the money for this project with no intention of delivering. I have met Chris in person, years ago, and have spoken with him before and after this project started/backed. While I believe he has over estimated the complexity of such a project, I still have 100% faith that Agent will be delivered at some point in time. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after every 25 names. 100 99 98 97 96 95 94 93 92 91 90 RJ 89 Ray Seah 88 Gary A. 87 Brandon H 86 Ty Jero 85 Cornelis Wilcocks 84 Joseph Lee 83 Nathaniel Gori 82 Franky_B 81 Michael Klinge 80 Colton S. 79 Paul Eagles 78 Zack Jones 77 Derick Wong 76 Deansy This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"let's move the wearables industry forward together". You can only do that by delivering something which is relevant, interesting and has a developer community behind it. By 2015 H2 when the watch might eventually be commercially available, you'll have lost all those points. @Simon Wait... you OWN a telephone company? You hiring? The original pitch also included an app with heart rate sensing abilities... We all know that's not happening! @Brandon H - that is pretty much a stock email reply. I think I'm going to the tech press next week if I have time. Chris has really really T'd me off. Thanks Nathan. I would suggest perhaps setting up a google sheet. Be easier for people to add names. (take a snapshot each day in case someone hijacks it). @Creator - I appreciate your time in logging in and responding. However you haven't addressed a single point. You have just said that we have some stuff wrong. Well prove it. Prove that you're not the person I (and many others) think you are. Prove that you're getting a handle on things. Tell us when you're going to get round the table with HoH and get things finalised. Tell us why your online information is wrong. Its a watch. Not rocket science. I have brought things from inception to market with chinese manufacture. I have also been in the watch industry in the past. I know the issues. I was rereading the original pitch. Lots of statements were given that cannot be true. If it was an advert you would be done under the trades description act. Your updates are a joke. If you think telling us to "back the team" is enough then I pity you, because you're clearly having a breakdown. You have my number and thanks to Joshua I have your cell. I expect you to pick your phone up and be honest. (i own a telco so all calls are free. That makes pressing redial real easy) Another set of weasel words from Chris... "As you can see from the first few months of posts, we spent a ton of time and money pushing the hardware development to get the project completed quickly." So does that mean that you've run out of money?? You certainly aren't making any progress - in 6 weeks between updates, you've managed to change to a black back, correct the pushers and glue the hex rod correctly. WOW!! "The second-hand reports I'm seeing here contain a lot of inaccuracies. As project manager for the whole project and team leader over the entire team, I'm not interested in tearing down any of our team members. What I am interested in is success." If there are inaccuracies, then it's your duty to correct them. That's part of the contract between project creator and backer - you provide accurate, timely information. So, what exactly has been said that is inaccurate, and what is the correct view??? If you will not engage with the backers and / or correct what you say is inaccurate, then we have to either trust your brief word on the subject or assume that they aren't inaccurate at all. Given your track record for not communicating with us, I don't think it's unreasonable that people will believe what they have read unless you prove otherwise. "Delays on this project are costing us significantly. They're extremely frustrating to us--and I can tell that long delays are frustrating to you too. It is true that process and organizational requirements of hardware R&D may frustrate some people and may be perceived as "delays"--but that should be far offset by the benefits of being organized and building a product which is mass-manufacturable, high-quality, and worthy of our collective pride." So are you saying that the delays are only hardware related - the OS is complete and ready to go?? Surely in the long delay that you've introduced, you've had time to complete that, including the things you said would ship 3 months after the watch was done, like Chinese characters? Or will they be there more months after delivery still - in which case, WHAT WORK ARE YOU DOING ON THE OS NOW???? "As frustrating as it may be to watch the process from the outside, and as much as presumably all of us want to see this product shipped already, we are building something great here together." You clearly aren't looking at the comments that have been made asking for a refund because people think you have ripped us off - it is abundantly clear to ANYONE taking a cursory glance at the comments that not all of us want to get the watch now that it's so delayed. Of course, if you actually shared some kind of updated timeline, rather than ignoring the question that has been asked goodness knows how many times, then you might get some of those people back on side. You've already lost Team BADAR, who were meant to be helping with communication, which speaks volumes about the contempt in which you obviously hold your customers. Since I started the refund list here, I will step up and update this external master list that I linked to below. I will try and update that master list at least once a day during the week. (I make no promises over the weekends though) Hope this helps to keep the comments section here a bit more condensed. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including both this header and the footer below then add your Kickstarter username in the next available slot. Clear the list and start over after every 25 names. 100 99 98 97 96 95 94 93 92 91 90 89 88 87 Brandon H 86 Ty Jero 85 Cornelis Wilcocks 84 Joseph Lee 83 Nathaniel Gori 82 Franky_B 81 Michael Klinge 80 Colton S. 79 Paul Eagles 78 Zack Jones 77 Derick Wong 76 Deansy This is a partial list showing only the latest additions. To see the full list, please visit <url>"pre-paid product was not delivered by due date of XXX, 201X" depending on your pledge level. The card company (or bank) will ask if you've requested a refund from the merchant, so make sure to request refunds from the creator first and then from Amazon before filing with the card company or bank- forward the online request as back-up. !!!***Make sure your card company or bank representative understands that the payment was taken by Amazon on behalf of Kickstarter and creator. The refund request is filed against Amazon Payments. !!!***The basis of your dispute is non-delivery of goods for a pre-order (delivery based upon your pledge). @Kickstarter, Your response to Brandon H here is not unexpected. Your platform increasingly lacks credibility as you maintain the little-care-taken-zilch-responsibility-accepted business model. Your reply to Brandon was completely generic and could have been, and probably was, automatically generated. How much profit will you be making from the $50,000 of backers' money you took on this project? @Brandon H If you require a refund you should apply to your credit/debit card company. Please note the following:- This is relevant to UK transactions you will have to refer to your country's laws to determine what auction is available. Creator will not give you a refund as they are not required to and do not feel morally obliged to, Kick Starter will not give you a refund as they consider their job is done when the pass the money on. This is true if creator decides not to do any work on the project, in other words continually delay a project, state delays to timeline and even eventually stop. Your transaction is with your credit/debit card company they will charge back amazon payments or Kick Starter direct. @Ben No I am not based in Cali, but for me it was worth a shot. Not faulting anybody. Chris Walker is crying about misinformation now? How about actually keeping backers informed of everything? At this point, I'm also call for an expense report to see how our money is actually being used. I also demand a photo of the "team" working together! Lawrence of HoH is suggesting the team is just Chris and one other guy, Anthony, and Lawrence feels like that the only reason Anthony is there is so Chris doesn't have to deal with Lawrence directly. Why is Chris also not adding Lawrence in as a moderator or not allow him to comment or answer questions directly on this board? Talk about misinformation... What about out right lies? @Brandon H you will never get a refund from kick starter, creator or amazon. Fortunately in uk crying back is easier than most other places in the world. I did post from a Californian who successfully got a refund from his credit card company. Where are you based? I have also reported this project to Kickstarter. I just tried to get my money back via my credit card company to no avail, unfortunately. However, in some glimmer of hope, I contacted Kickstarter 2 days ago pointing out how projects like this, coupled with their "no refunds" policy, hurt Kickstarter itself by dissuading people from using it and making people vow never to use it again: Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Aug 27 15:08 Hi Brandon, Thanks for reaching out and for taking the time to send along your feedback. I am very sorry to hear your experience backing this project has been disappointing and that youve yet to receive your reward. Your frustrations are completely understandable and not how we envision the experience for backers on our site. While we don't facilitate refunds or fulfillment of rewards, we have already reached out to the creator to offer assistance. As funds are dispersed directly to the project creator, we're unable to facilitate refunds. That said, I hope that this matter is resolved soon and am here to help if you have any other questions or concerns. Thank you for your continued patience with this project, I certainly hope the creator is in touch with you soon. Best, Marissa In response to my e-mail to them: brandon Aug 25 09:12 Kickstarter, I am writing to simply offer a piece of advice. I really think you should re-evaluate your "no refunds" wording and policy. For reason, I'll point you to the comments on the AGENT WATCH project: <url>"by Secret Labs + House of Horology". They are co-creators. Internal communication and management difficulties are their problem to address, not our problem to excuse. If they don't have access or can't get access from Secret Labs, that's poor management. If Secret Labs is not responding to HoH's request to post content or gain access to to Kickstarter to do so, that's poor communication. HoH associated themselves with this project and it's right that they should feel the consequences of being associated with this project, good or bad. Where is the blog post or article on one of HoH's web properties explaining how they have done all they can and despite their efforts, Secret Labs is making it impossible for them to make progress? I can appreciate that HoH may not bear the brunt of the fault, but they are a party to this project, and thus a party to the *failure* to communicate properly with the backers who provided over $1 million. Chris (creator), it's good to see you posting. Can you share information on the progress of the hardware (electrical) and software components? Can you share any pictures or video of it in action? Once again, a new post from @creator that contains no real information... Getting tired of this... @Creator, I understand delays are inevitable, but please at least keep your backers in the loop. Monthy updates aren't enough at this point. @Simon / @Creator - The delays and lack of communication are unacceptable to myself and many others. Please issue us refunds. --------------------------------------------- Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 87 86 Ty Jero 85 Cornelis Wilcocks 84 Joseph Lee 83 Nathaniel Gori 82 Franky_B 81 Michael Klinge 80 Colton S. 79 Paul Eagles 78 Zack Jones 77 Derick Wong 76 Deansy 75 Mark Wallace 74 Samuel Hayes 73 Christian Massi 72 Martin Calsyn 71 Marco Morbin 70 Stefan D. Poulsen 69 YJiang 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin @Alex, +1. @Jordan, HoH doesn't deserve that. With what's been exposed here within the last few days, that much is obvious. How exactly is Lawrence going to issue you your refund if he can't even log into the KS project? Jordan thats a dick move... HOH is the only one doing anything in the project and CHris the creator will not never respond to HOH nor let them proceed Bad Yelp reviews tend to hurt a little... <url>#faq_41860 I feel that the creator has breached every definition of good faith and fair dealing that one can imagine with respect to a KS project. Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 73 72 Martin Calsyn 71 Marco Morbin 70 Stefan D. Poulsen 69 YJiang 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 72 71 Marco Morbin 70 Stefan D. Poulsen 69 YJiang 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 71 70 Stefan D. Poulsen 69 YJiang 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin I do wonder why there a no more comments yet regarding Chris' and Secret Labs' customer care on amazon .com <url> I confused my user name with other site's one. ,Please ignore the last post. Here is the correct one: Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 70 69 YJiang 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 70 69 Yiwen 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin First, regarding SImon's recitation of his conversation with Lawrence. I think the old adage/cliche goes something like this: Failure to deny when confronted with an accusation equates to an admission. The reasoning is - Under established principles an admission may be made by adopting or acquiescing in the statement of another.Adoption or acquiescence may be manifested in any appropriate manner. When silence is relied upon, the theory is that the person would, under the circumstances, protest the statement made in his presence, if untrue. So, unless and until Chris/Creator (as an aside, can we really call him the creator, or even a creator? This may be too generous a characterization) contests what Simon/Lawrence said, I'll accept it as the truth. Which leads to.... Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 69 68 Todd 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin May I know is there any legal liability of the creator who get all $1M and output nothing? It seems hard to define what is "project failure". Chris is try to delay the project ever and ever. Whenever the project is not defined as "failure", he can keep the money "legally". Anyone who has legal knowledge can comment on this behavior? Is it really nothing we can do and just sit here to see Chris keeps our money? Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 68 67 Kenneth A 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 66 Willard Korfhage 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin This project has already failed. Do not spend any more of or money on it. Refund what's left. Please. Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 65 Ivan Lagace 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin This user's account has been deleted. Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 65 64 Trogdor 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin I guess we now have a better idea what the 'secret' in Secret Labs is. Thanks for all the digging. Chris, I think this is your last chance to save your reputation or forever being branded a fraud and scam artist. Please fix this mess or start refunding. Add my name to the list of people who want their money back. James Bozicevich Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 64 63 Jamie Wallis 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin @George Mack +1 Great idea. It would be good to see some Kickstarter skin in the game. Anytime a product fails kickstarter should be forced to refund their cut. Then they might be more involved in making sure the creator keeps involved Thanks @Roma and ditto. I think we as backers should start going after Chris. He has had it too easy for too long. Do you guys think his private phone number would help, or do you just think he would not answer it? Change it? Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 63 62 O.D. Van de Veer 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin Thanks @Roma and ditto. I think we as backers should start going after Chris. He has had it too easy for too long. NetDuino seems a port of call but taking a look at Amazon as an example the reviews are all pretty old. Is he shifting stock? I have some ideas on next steps but not sure if I can be bothered. It's interesting to see that at some point after August 15th (2014), Chris decided to lock his own Agent threat on the NetDuino forums: <url> specs time. This is down to Chris but Lawrence is happy with ceramic. The back ring will be plastic. Glass wise  Sapphire or K1 Crystal on front and the back will be mineral or K1. Lawrence has tested this and is happy. Lawrence says that not much has changed from what he knows of specs wise however as Chris wont divulge anything about the battery / OS etc etc then who knows? Time line - No components have gone into production yet. Lawrence is expecting the final bezel and backlight from Fineline this week. If he gets it he can take it to Hong Kong next week and expects to have everything finalized within the next fortnight. If that all happens he could get production going in three months time. However the manufactured case also needs FCC approval and who knows how long that will take. A rather scary development today was Lawrence being asked about the pushers contact with the movement. Chris hasnt specced the length of the pusher and now seems to be asking (via Anthony) some of the characteristics. (You may recall an update on this months ago) And this is where I am most concerned. As I say I dont doubt Lawrence wants to deliver a cracking watch. However an iphone is a great phone not just because of its design and quality case. It is the OS that makes the difference. With a watch it is also battery life etc. And then we come to the money. No one has any idea of the financial position. I dont know if Lawrence is being paid more due to the extra scope of works (my guess is that he isnt). I do know that some payments have been delayed. However I think someone on here has done some digging on Chris and he is meant to be relatively well off. However that misses the point  the question is how much money does Secret Labs have? No one knows. What we can say about secret labs is that much of the filed information they have made is incorrect. I feel very sorry for Lawrence. He went into the project with lots of enthusiasm and he still has that but he has had his fingers burnt by not really going through correct due diligence. He is now trying to make the best of a bad job so that he can finally release himself from the hell of working with/for Chris Walker. His lawyer is looking at the contract. Hopefully he has learnt his lesson  forming a business idea is great and collaborating is really exciting but when good money is involved someone always ends up hurt. So over to you. Feel free to add anything Ive missed. PART TWO - So here we are the backers complaining about bad communication but the person who was taken on as the consultant is having exactly the same problems. Chris as explained in posts before by others employed a project manager (Anthony). It is not clear if this is just a freelance position or if Secret Labs has employed him directly. He is meant to be a conduit between HoH (led by Lawrence Leyderman) and Chris. Apart from him no one else it seems works at Secret Labs. It is Chris and no one else. So Lawrence and Anthony have a conference call every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. But because Chris isnt communicating with Anthony very well lots of questions asked (eg around the bezel) were never answered. This means that Anthony and Chris are now taking decisions that are likely out of their scope. I have warned Lawrence that although I admire his determination and can do attitude but that it could seriously bite him on the arse if he isnt careful. It gets worse though. Chris would not let HoH have certain parts. So Lawrence would get a part from China. These would be inspected but as HoH is only dealing with the watch case it would then be sent to Anthony or Chris for them to fit the bezel, pushers etc. They would then wait for reports back. But due to only having one or two cases and they being shipped around the country (Utah/Montana) Lawrence was not hands on. It is a bit like someone being expected to build a car based on phone conversations explaining the issue. Chris would sometimes take weeks to get back to Lawrence. No wonder the project is delayed. Even now Lawrence has had to fabricate the backlight and other elements because he has never had all the parts from Chris. So now we come to the updates. If you read them carefully they dont make a great deal of sense. For example in the latest one Chris has posted about watch straps. To demonstrate this update he has posted pictures of 6 month old samples. The watch straps are a non issue. Chris complained to Lawrence that one of them was dirty. That was after a few weeks waiting for feedback. The same is true of the pin issue. Chris was trying to put a pin into a hole designed for a hex screw. Of course this was an issue but still he decided to flag this. The latest update is frankly mental. Lawrence feels really disappointed because as some of us have highlighted it is all about the case and nothing to do with the movement. When Chris posted the latest update he was meant to be in the conference call with Lawrence and Anthony. Some would say that the update posted was spiteful. As for the stress  the person creating that is Chris Walker. PART ONE - I promised an update once I had spoken to Lawrence. First a small caveat  I have only spoken to Lawrence about this so I can only report what he has said. I have reached out to Chris through a number of forms but without result. In this post I will also summarise some information already known through the forums so apologies if Im repeating stuff. Fundamentally the project seems to be rumbling on but it is being so badly managed that it makes any progress mute. Lawrence is working hard with 3am starts some days and is determined to deliver. However without Chris fully committed Im not sure that is enough. Firstly lets tackle the how this project is being run. House of Horology is on the masthead along with Secret Labs. However Secret Labs/ Chris Walker never gave HoH any admin access to the KS portal. In addition HoH are/will be paid based on a percentage of the sold watches. Lawrence was taken on as a consultant. Within months of the project kick off (when the first case arrived) Chris started moving away from the project  my guess because he knew he was totally out of his depth. This has meant that the work HoH is now doing is way outside the scope of the original agreement. It appears that HoH is on a very short leash though. For example HoH /Lawrence has reached out to Kickstarter about having Admin access but they have refused to get involved. So Lawrence cannot post updates and he is unsure of his legal standing (although he is now talking to a lawyer). Fundamentally Chris met Lawrence in store and said how cool the watches were and that he was trying to bring a smart watch to market. This was the time that smart watches were the buzzword and Chris was enthusiastic. Communication was great and all emails were responded to promptly. He kept pushing Lawrence to get a contract signed and Lawrence (perhaps being a tad naive) signed. Although it is important to stress they havent fallen out they seem like being in a romance where the spark has extinguished and they find themselves in a loveless marriage. This is where things started going wrong. Communication from Chris all but ceased. Lawrence was reaching out to him asking for meetings and getting no response. Lawrence even bumped into Chris while in a bagel shop (Lawrence I owe you a bagel) and he says that Chris couldnt get out quick enough. For me, who has been in a similar business relationship, alarm bells should be ringing. Things were getting really bad way back in March. Lawrence was having sleepness nights due to Chris not communicating. His business, HoH has largely been frozen for 6 months because all his time has been trying to get moving with Agent. @Roma Guess it's coming in the next updates (eventually), but I hope your words are heard and we will see some answers in mini updates. @Simon Any news from HoH? Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 62 61 Sam Decanio 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 61 60 David Murphy 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 60 59 Thad Karbowsky 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin But then again, why are we posting here, @creator clearly doesn,t read what is posted here. He is in denial. He is doing the minimum to maintain appearence of progress. Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 59 58 chisan 57 Andrew Rhodes 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin @creator, since you seem to put the blame of the late delivery of the case on somebody else (which is ludicrus, YOU are ultimatly responsible for all the choices that were made). Can you at least talk about the stuff YOU control, the software and electornics. The last update we got from you regarding the software was a 360 degres on the on board OS that was suppose to be magical. Can we see the results, do you even have a companion app at this point. From your post bellow, you seem completly disconnected from this project, you don't need to be invited to conference calls, for God sake, you are over a year late. If was in your shoes I would be on all conference calls, I would be on site, I would do everything to safe the little reputation I have left. This is a sad story. I'm going though a very different process with an other Kicstarter project (The Dash) where communication is regular about the project and about building up the team. Here we are still under the impression you have no team. @Roma, My take on the watchcase material. Metal is out as it would interfere with the Bluetooth and Wireless Charging. Ceramic, well how do you screw metal screws into ceramic base? So, in the end Plastic would be the only option. @Nathaniel +1. Half the words and half the pics were about the straps. What about firmware, software, functionality, apps, watchcase material, latest dimensions, lens ... HoH did resign from this project? After latest snide comments from Chris yesterday. Is that true? 1865 word "update", 602 words devoted to straps, the most basic easy to procure, off the shelf part of this entire project. Glad we are still talking about straps 8 months past the estimated delivery date. @Creator: Can you PLEASE tell us more about the electronic/software part? PLEASE show us a unit receiving a notification. If after a year even the strap (but the pictures in the last update are about 6 months old for what I know...) and the case are not done I'm scared about what I think are the most complicated part... If we are wrong, give us some reason to believe you because for now all the informations we got tell us we are far to get the watch. Anyway I got a Yes MAn Watch (just a normal but a nice watch) and now I'm thinking about getting an HoH watch so not sure I will want to return with a smartwatch. I already have an Allerta (the mother of the Pebble) and an I'm watch. Two pieces of crap honestly. Seem I'm not lucky with smartwatch. Kueh. I am not withholding any information out of spite or drama. I talked with Lawrence, as did simon and at least one other person. Lawrence wanted to finish up with simon before going forward with more info, so I'm waiting for that. I don't have a lot else, really, just notes I took from him. If his q&a with simon doesn't answer I will add what I have. If that doesn't work, I suspect we can convince him to come on here and at least clear his name. I'll be getting the 100 Asus watch while I wait for the agent. @Joshua Page, Interesting snippet, Can we have a more detailed piece, with all the glory in chronological order. I would like to see the Emperor without clothes :). Thanks. Chris. What a joke of a post. Your MBA project lead is in another state, how can you three (including Lawrence) have any face to face? How dan the project lead oversee validation w/o fit samples? You say there are conference calls 3 times a week. When was the last time YOU were on one? You mention not being scheduled for Friday, how snout Monday, when both Lawrence and Anthony expected you, and after 45 minutes of waiting and texting you, they gave up? What have YOU done to advance this project? What is the state of the software and compatibility? Do you have a working board (movement) are you still planning hand assembly in house? If so, hiw many people (not including HoH which you refer to as the design team and case team) actually work on this project? In short, convince us you haven't just taken our money, or aren't running out the clock. Don't come on here with some patronizing crap. Interact and be transparent like you promised. @Richard - if you register on the Agent forums, you need Chris to moderate the early posts so that they get published. Chris hasn't logged on there since June 1st, and even when he did, he didn't approve any new members (I'm somewhere in the queue waiting for my posts from May to get approved). HoH could comment as a guest, I suppose, but you would have no way to know whether I was genuine or not. Chris could easily add HoH as a moderator on there so that they could answer some questions about the case etc, but obviously he doesn't want to do that. I'm really interested to hear what comes out of these conversations between Lawrence, Simon and Joshua. I'd like to hear HoH's perspective on things. If @Creator won't give us the truth on his side, one sides perspective is better than no sides. As a few people here have commented recently, I'd also be interested to know what money is left and it would be interesting to see where the money so far has been spent - call it project accounts, something I think Kickstarter projects should show. Publicly limited companies have to display these as a Kickstarter project is equally as publicly funded. I am surprised that HoH hasn't made their views public already on a blog or by registering on the AGENT forums. This user's account has been deleted. WMPoweruser has some news on Agent watch but they have much kinder words. <url>"watch cases, straps and more". The "more" was all about the stress of creative types and how we should feel concern for them. Nothing about the rest of the project. Nothing. Can you see why there were so many adverse comments after that Update, and can you see why your sole response was lacking and inappropriate on several levels? If you can't then God help us all! <url>"I hope that we, as a community, can offer them our encouragement and appreciation to help reduce the stress level." You know the best way to reduce stress levels? Try being honest with people and engaging. You talk of us as a community, and then you bugger off for six weeks and say nothing, leaving a community comprised of a baying mob and a few of appeasers. ENGAGE WITH THE COMMUNITY AND YOU WILL SEE STRESS LEVELS DROP. BE HONEST WITH THE COMMUNITY AND PEOPLE MIGHT STOP ASKING FOR A REFUND AND GET BACK BEHIND THE PROJECT. I don't hold my breath for any of that to happen - instead, I fully expect that in six to eight weeks, you might pop back in with an "update" that says "look, we've got some straps, onwards!" without focussing on anything else that is wrong with the project. Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 57 56 Simon Karlskov 55 Tim Eacott 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin onsolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 53 Simon Karlskov 52 Tim Eacott 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin onsolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 52 Tim Eacott 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 55 54 SK 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 53 Siddharth Shankar 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 52 Pablo Moyano Munera 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin That post by Chris far from provides confidence actually has produced the opposite all it seems to contain are apologies and it's not our fault. No grip on ownership and as Simon points out a lack if technical information. you're doh. Chris Well at least your beginning to engage with your backers - sadly you seem to be talking mainly rubbish and you know it. You are hampering efforts to get this watch produced. Your "internal management" ? Who is that exactly? Because it appears that apart from the project manager you have contracted/employed (and who seems totally ineffective) you are Secret Labs. No one else exists. You were scheduled for a call on Friday. You have refused face to face meetings You refuse to let HoH have the movement so they have to post each revision to you. You delay shipping between you and HoH You delay payments to Winson Watches You have refused to engage with Kickstarter You have refused to give Lawrence a admin login to KS You have had updates sent to you over 30 days ago and you didn't pass these on Why does Secret Labs / You have company details that are incorrect on submissions? So why are you lying? Do you think we're idiots that can't check things? Why won't you post about the watch functionality? Why don't you engage with those of us that think it best we have a refund? Don't think you can get away with this. It is time to face the music. Do we have any news on how the software/OS is progressing. Could we have some photos or video of the watch running some of this software. @Creator Please issue refunds to us that want them. At present it is 51 of 5685 or less than 1% of your backers. Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 51 Matthew 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin @DigitalPH: +1. Fingers crossed. @Creator, look what happens when you don't communicate and not being transparent enough. I'm sure you're well capable of getting this project to the finish line, but you also have to admit that there are times when you're going to need help. You need help to salvage and manage this project. For the sake of getting Agent to your backers asap, I hope you do the right thing. Your move. @spaz Good question. Assuming you use either debit card, or a maxed out credit card, it will likely stay in AR accounts on Amazon's balance sheet, until it gets written off as bad debt / uncollectible. After all, most firms are prepared for this with allowances for bad debt, as required under accrual basis accounting. For the record, this is merely an assumption. For exact details, ask Amazon. Thanks for the heads up. Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 51 50 Daniel Chang 49 Travis Symonds 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin @Alibek This is what Amazon says about chargebacks. "To expedite the chargeback resolution, include as much information as possible in your initial response. If you do not provide a sufficient response to a chargeback claim, do not adhere to the terms and conditions of our agreement, or the card issuer decides in favor of the cardholder, Amazon Payments will debit your account for the chargeback amount. The final outcome of a chargeback can take up to 90 days from the date the charge was represented to the issuing bank. In rare cases, it can take even longer. We will inform you, via email notification, of the outcome only if you are held financially responsible for the chargeback. The notification will outline why you have been debited." So if Amazon Payments goes to debit your account and there is no money there what do you think they would do? <url># can be stamped on each one. The case components (housing, lens, bezel, et al) will take another 2 months to complete. Assuming the movement and backlight are being produced on the same timeline, we should see the survey by then. Another 60 days for straps (special order) and assembly (chris is still planning hand assembly) puts us out, best case, 6 months. That's if he doesn't continue to tinker with things that should already be complete, the many components all ship on time, and he doesn't decide by then to pull a bait and switch on HoH. It also presupposes the movements are actually finalized and working, and the firmware is finished. That's bleak. @Frank Fain - how exactly is it against KS policy to give a refund? you people won't get a refund because it is against kickstarters policies.. stop whining about it a demand information from the creator.. is there anything about this watch or the project that is actually on schedule and working without problems? Give us a timeline of what you would anticipate is your schedule. anything is better than nothing.. This user's account has been deleted. Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 49 Kai Nicholson 48 Andrew Wilson 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin On a lighter note! I like the update references to the "watch case team". I suppose it is more than 1 person since it's a team. Maybe 5 people on the team. They have had over a year to get 1 thing right and that was the watch case. How incompetent can a team be. I hope they are not getting paid a lot of the backer's funds to do this job. And don't get me started on the "back light team". I think those guys must be getting paid hourly for how long they stretched out the job. Then there is the "watch battery team", the "watch band team", the "watch crystal team" and my favorite the "watch screw team". When you consider all the types of screws that could be a huge job. There are flat-head, phillips, torx and more. Don't forget all the sizes and lengths and you want them to be made out of the right type of material. On top of that they need to work with the "watch nut team" and you know those guys never take the "watch screw team" seriously. Finally, the "watch band hole team" have been working hard and they have the number of holes to between 4 and 9. Ever since they fired the little guy, 3 holes are no longer in contention. My guess is all the teams have only 1 member and that is Chris. I don't blame him for talking teams. He probably already had a full time job with Secret Labs and he does this at night and on the weekends. He does't want to waste backer's funds and more than anything else wants to produce a watch he will be proud of. In the end he wants the backers to be happy with the watch that shows up. He doesn't want this to turn into another Kreyos fiasco. Just my thoughts. This user's account has been deleted. @Joshua page: I'm totally agree with you. I still hope to get that watch, but since I talked with Lawrance (and I have the same impression about him) I have a lot less hope and also no more think Chris really care (missing a conference call when the prject are a mess...) I talked with Lawrence, and I took a lot of notes. We were on the phone over an hour. He expressed countless times his frustration, and seemed to genuinely want this project not only to succeed, but to be great. He seems to me to be very real. I won't go into detail just yet. Lawrence wanted to finish his talk with simon, and is waiting for that, looking forward to answering the prepared list of questions simon has put together. Out if respect for that, and a guy who has been straight with me, I want to see that process play out. If at the end of that Lawrence still feels like he needs a voice on this forum, and he is allowed, we've worked out a way to do that. What I will say is I walked away with what I think is a far better understanding of the current state of this project, and I am discouraged. I still do not think chris is a scam artist, but I also don't think he has a high regard for this project, or a strong desire to see it completed to the level promised. I'll probably still chime in from time to time, and I'll continue to work for more information to give out, but I doubt when the product ships anyone will much care for it, as it will both be very late and most likely not of high quality. The beta I have gathered so far says HoH is not to blame for either of those things. Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 47 Alexander Awerin 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin I really hope HOH can chime in here in some official capacity. If they are indeed not working closely on the project, it would certainly explain a lot. I'm at zero confidence with this project when they can't even get the watch straps right...how do you have a problem like holes that are too small or not punched all the way through? These should be basic things, as well as providing proper CAD source files to the case manufacturer. You leave them to make their own design of precision parts like the case and then you're surprised that things don't fit right? It's like nobody involved with making this has any watch-making experience, when we were originally sold on the idea that HOH would be a close partner. Smh. Get, not egg I suspect we will all egg watches. Given what I now know, those will most likely bear some resemblance to what we see now, without premium materials, and probably not made with the current manufacture (my speculation) further, anyone thinking we will see them in the next six months does not understand the situation as it stands. So wtf is going on , is it charge back time for us in the UK , some reassurance from SL or HoH would be good about now. Roma 5 minutes ago Did HOH say that? Presumably they were happy for their name to go on the project at launch. And to appear, and talk, in the launch video. And for their name to be branded on the watchstraps. However damaged the SL/HoH relationship might be, presumably there is a confidentiality agreement in place between them. Both parties should respect that. All of us were very happy when we backed this, as well. Chris was very communicative in the beginning. He was active both on here and the dev board. As for the branding, I am not sure he has a choice anymore. As to the confidentiality notice, time will tell. Didn't Lawrence reach out to you and Adam (where did Adam go)? About some communication frustrations well before this, too? Something very telling to me: Anthony, the project director, doesn't live or work in New York. How does he help manage a project which lacks communication (between two guys who live and work blocks away from each other...in New York) from another state? spaztastic about 1 hour ago Too bad Lawrence didn't kick a buck. At least then he'd have a voice on the comments page. I'm working on a solution to that Did HOH say that? Presumably they were happy for their name to go on the project at launch. And to appear, and talk, in the launch video. And for their name to be branded on the watchstraps. However damaged the SL/HoH relationship might be, presumably there is a confidentiality agreement in place between them. Both parties should respect that. @Spaz "Kickstarter reserves the right to reject, cancel, interrupt, remove, or suspend a campaign at any time and for any reason. Kickstarter is not liable for any damages as a result of any of those actions. Kickstarters policy is not to comment on the reasons for any of those actions." So the answer is ambiguous, as usual... With what HoH is saying now, this project has become hopeless. Every hope I had to see this project come to fruition is gone. My guess right now is Chris is doing something unethical by trying to cut out HoH completely and just going with Winson Watch, instead of answering questions and calls from HoH. So HoH is saying it's fraudulent for SL to list HoH as one of the project creators now... Go HoH. You've got my support. @Simon Maybe HoH failed somewhere too, I don't know what where their responsabilities but what I know it's one of them (Secret Lab or House Of Horology) are a pretty big liar and could have some problems. For now, one of them are open to talk and give information (pretty good information I have to say) and the other just seem to hide everything and maybe even give false informations. So for now, I go with HoH. @Christopher Burnett For what I know, they simply can't post here because they are not creator or backer. They seemed to try to talk with Chris and that just don'T seem to work. Maybe they talk like that because they see their named implied in that fiasco like if they was creator even if they was just consultant @Christopher, I agree. I hope it doesn't happen but I fear it will. Christopher I agree to a point but if one party can disappear into the shadows leaving the other one totally exposed then you can understand why they feel aggrieved. I feel that Lawrence has been very restrained up until now. @Remi I accept that however a consultant /contractor has responsibilities. What we need to establish is that despite the obvious working relationship issues where have some of the major issues stemmed from. At the moment I feel as though I only have a fragment of the story and a great deal of supposition. More importantly is what happens now. If Chris bailed on the conference call on Friday then that must raise serious questions moving forward. The elephant in the room is also regarding the OS and applications. Using .NET framework was always going to be....brave and we have heard nothing from Chris about this side of development. I'm a MS partner and have seen the way MS blows hot and cold. Even if everything run perfectly from now on (which it won't) and we were delivered the finest engineered watch in the world (which we won't) unless the software is there it will be a turkey (which it will be). Imagine the iphone without IoS. Just a lump of bits. I personally think HoH airing this out through third parties is more unprofessional then anything. I have a partner who owns my business with me, I may disagree with him sometimes but never in front of employees. Why can't they post here? You would have figured they would have backed the project to show support for something their name is on. Though I'm displeased with the project as a whole, I'm even more disappointed in HoH and my wallet will reflect that. Any intracompany disagreements should be settled through a different medium then a message board, it's like kindergarten time here, he said she said. Well, what a kerfuffle! I was aware of tensions between SL and HOH and I'm worried that the situation seems out of hand now. The fact that Creator finished off the Update saying how stressed out the watchcase team is, and then hasn't himself done his usual run on comments post-Update, is very telling. It's probably preparing us for a backlash from HOH. So, let's see what Simon comes up with. The good part about HOH being a hired hand rather than a partner is that if the relationship is beyond redemption then something can be done about it. I don't wish any ill will on either of them. I just want my watches. @Simon I'll be very interested to read what you post about HOH's part in this whole thing. I was floored after update 21 and all the case issues. I thought surely HOH must had given Chris their final design and then Chris took it, started jacking with it, and is the interface with the manufacturer in China. HOH's visit came across as just being a nice guy and doing Chris a favor. @Daniel Can KS even cancel a project that has already been funded? Too bad Lawrence didn't kick a buck. At least then he'd have a voice on the comments page. After reading what's going on that there's no working relationship between Chris and HOH. I want out. I have no idea why lawyers don't poach kickstarter for valid class action suits. I assume it's because the money is usually gone at that point in most cases @Simon: Lawrence told me that: "I am not even a partner or anything on this project and can't even write on KS im a consultant and hired contracter" if that's true, That a pretty big problem for Chris. And honestly, Lawrence don't seem to try to hide information and for me that's a pretty good point for him in all that story The really nice thing would be if chris would answer those same questions. This board blew up post update. In the past chris stuck around and had a q&a. Where is he now? Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 47 46 George Mack 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin @Joshua - To be honest I don't know. They are making out they are the innocent party and some of the ways Chris works means that they were/are in a corner. However they chose to go into business with Chris and at this stage they still haven't taken much action. In addition they have had issues with straps/cases that are, in my view, unacceptable. That is why I documented out a series of questions to run through with Lawrence so that I can post something as fair and objective as possible. As always though - follow the money. @Joshua page and IOso I'm agree, I backed this project in part because I thought HoH and SecretLab was behind this, not just Chris in fact... I think we should remove HoH from the complain, they have in fact nothing to do with the project, only consultant @Joshua, Absolutely right. I backed a project that ran into some issues and delays but the creator was in constant communication with his backers at every step. While the delay was minor, we didn't mind or kick up a storm because we knew where the project stood. Simon, I just rang them. Very pleasant folks. Can I safely assume they shouldn't be taking the heat for this? That is to say, should we stop calling them, interrupting normal business, and instead start contacting chris directly? @Simon, Gotcha. Thanks for reaching out and getting this information. @Remi Rightfully so; they should consider contacting KS! I'm sure everyone here thought this project was a joint-venture between the two companies but it seems that its more of a one-man-show (SL). I have no doubt that the negativity that has come out of this project has affected HoH. I was more hopeful than some because I'm also a Windows Phone user but the more we get to see behind the curtain the uglier this picture is getting. @IOso - I am going to ring Lawrence in the morning (NY time) and I have a page of follow up questions for him. I have part written a post based on my conversation with him on Thursday. I delayed because Lawrence was meant to be having a conference call with Chris on Friday. I understand that Chris bailed on this call. The man is a joke. However I need to get the full story because I need to understand more where HoH stands, next steps and why some of the mistakes have been made (beyond what I already know). Fundamentally Remi is on the right track. A big issue I have is transparency. I told this to chris when we last talked. HoH seems to have no trouble giving out contact information, but the people here have no reliable way to address chris. It doesn't seem fair to me. When I see things that aren't fair, my natural inclination is to correct. @IOso Lawrence saw the update, I think we should not really care about that update... @Daniel Chang: I'm pretty sure they are thinking about it HoH could probably also contact Kickstarter to get this project cancelled. And then sue SL for breach of contract. Just pointing out things HoH could do to save its reputation. Poor Roma must be going insane with HoH having all this hate for SL right now. @IOso From what I know, HoH are not partner, they have about no communication from Chris (look at my last comments). I just asked him for the update and wait for the answers. I think we will get some interesting answers from Simon (that guy have a lot of pressure :p ) I still hope to get the watch, I need it (Windows phone inside...)but I have less hope now and honestly I'm more sad for HoH who can lose their reputation in that project (even if they are not partner...) than for my 150$ Does anyone know if Lawrence (HoH) has read the updates that Chris has been posting? I'd be curious to know from Lawrence what is really going on with Agent and where it truly stands. Although from the sounds of it, he isn't being kept in the loop. The disconnect that exists between who we all presumed to be the project's creators worries me. It's disturbing to know that HoH, even though it is named as a creator on the project page cannot even address the backers or post a comment. @ Chris Jutting and spaztastic: another part: "I am not even a partner or anything on this project and can't even write on KS im a consultant and hired contracter this guy Chris makes my life hell!!!!!!" and the guy told me than I can post it. @Daniel Know you bedfellows. After the last update I asked if HOH was still an active participant. According to Creator he was. Notice how the updates have all been what's been wrong with the housing (HOH) and nothing of the guts (Secret labs). I had asked if HOH was actively working with Chris because it came across as amateur hour with all the issues. What's sad is HOH has no voice on here. People with first-hand information from HOH should really post it here so the rest of us will have an idea of how much of this cluster is SL fault vs HOH. I'm gonna take a stab and guess it lies squarely on SL. That's pretty sad that not only is Chris not communicating with his backers, but isn't communicating with his project partner! Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 46 45 Emre CELIK 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin @Kumar Jhuremalani and NKH: I think Simon have more information than me so I don't want to talk too much but just a part of the conversation I got this morning with a guy from HoH: "Im sincerely sorry about the AGENT delays. If Chris Walker communicated with me like a normal human being, this watch would have been out a long time ago! He is making this so hard by not speaking to me ever!" Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 45 44 Jaime Rosado 43 Abraham Gonzalez 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 43 42 Eric Wu 41 Matthew Lawrence 40 Cuzman 39 Vladimir Kostek 38 Nico 37 Angelica 36 Daniel Jeantou 35 Brenda (Boda) Klenke 34 Wayne Daniells 33 Michael Reitsma 32 Suresh 31 Simon 30 Logan Towers 29 Robert Pooley 28 Ryan Heyser 27 Fernando Prieto 26 David Scheip 25 Davor Tomic 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin omg @ NKH, that's just disgusting behaviour! @Rmi Gignac, Joshua page: Is it related to this tweet from HOH (August 22)? <url>"US-based projects: If your project is successfully funded, funds are transferred directly from backers' credit cards to the project creator's Amazon Payments account. There is a 14-day window for collecting and processing pledges. Once the 14-day window has passed, you can transfer funds from your Amazon Payments account to your linked bank account." <url>#AfteYourProjEnds As far as exceeding funding.... logically it makes sense that more funding would = less issues and closer to ontime delivery but personally I've seldom seen that happen. In fact, it was probably a great detriment to this project. Would Chris have gone after a pie in the sky backlight if not for having so much additional funding? One needs to look no further than the US public education system. <url>"ZPM Espresso". 2 years late, with no end in sight. At least the Creators of that project keep in regular contact with the backers. And by the way, the guys from House Of Horology was really nice answering my questions. I think they don't deserve to get their name ruined by that project @Aaron, I was on the Chris side before but I think you can add me n your list now... I think a bunch of things was hiden to us. We should get an interesting coment here later but for what I know, the project was not well managed by Chris Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 26 25 24 Aaron Heady 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 24 23 Alex Privitera 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 24 23 22 Aaron Liew 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin --------------------------------------------- Consolidated List of People Wanting an AGENT Smart Watch Refund --------------------------------------------- Over the months, many Backers in these comments have publicly requested a refund from Secret Labs & House of Horology. These requests have been easy to miss or keep track of because there are thousands of comments. This list has been started to better record the growing number of Backers requesting a refund. --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste the current version of this list including the header above and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* 24 23 22 21 Richard H 20 Rick Taylor 19 Rene Garcia 18 Anders Svedlund 17 Luca Patriccioli 16 Johannes Matzke 15 Jordan Terrell 14 Mansur A. Usmani 13 Jason Kam 12 Zack Jones 11 C 10 Dmitrij Kobozev 09 dan nguyen 08 OSKEE 07 Suresh 06 Sean P. McAdam 05 Pierre Bjurdelius 04 Lucas Ebaugh 03 Garrett Newman 02 Harley 01 Nathan Vergin @Spaz wouldn't amazon payments go after KS for their money. KS in turn would go for the creator Created an online poll (please share/re-post) - "Agent Watch: What do you want?" <url>"template" in a follow up comment to keep it clean. If people think this would be helpful, please sign onto it. This user's account has been deleted. Add another question: 8) What is the current battery life estimate? Are you still claim a minimum standard of 7 and 30 days? Are you going to delay the project even further by having to make the case bigger in order to fit a larger capacity battery to make the promised specs happen? Refund. If anyone is interested in losing money and patience, I will gladly sell you my watch from the future, so far from the future we may never see it. Phone number for HoH (see link). Would be nice to get some comment from them since they are associated with this project. Especially their thoughts on calls for refunds... <url>#q=House+of+Horology @Alibek One thing about your hypothetical case is you're also assuming that Amazon payments would be content with having to pay out a million to cc companies and not pursue a reimbursement from creator. As every chargeback is processed, Amazon payments should be going back to creator for the money. @Ben if you assume that creator didn't expand on the scope of the initial project, no additional materials were purchased beyond what would be required to make whatever amount of watches he would have to build at the 100K level, and that he was accurate with the estimate project costs before the start of the project then yes doing refunds shouldnt kill the project. But we've already seen he went off on a wild goose chase with the backlight. That probably cost some green. Yes resistors are a dime a dozen but who knows what all he has already ordered. And I have a feeling based on the results of the recent updates that he probably didnt estimate his costs very well either. Of course this is all speculation on my part and he could be sitting on a mountain of money and just doesnt want to budge. Who knows. I would say the fair thing to do is if this project ever does get to production he should offer either the watch or a refund at that point. If there really is a backlog of preorders it shouldnt be any skin off his back to offer a refund instead of saying hed help sell it. I'm reaching out to Lawrence as soon as HoH opens. Chris is claiming this is all a HoH issue and although they don't appear to be free from blame many issues are down to Chris. I have promised to post later I'm impatient to get this watch but there again I do want a quality time piece. Keep at it Chris... This watch better be good :) @Creator n00b! Everyone who want a refund should also email <email>. Not saying it will yield results, but it's another avenue to go on record that we want refunds. And still the issue of the watch strap stitching hasn't been resolved I see now why we get updates so rarely, reading update #22 is pretty much what we got in update #21. At the end we are at the same point, the case isn't finished or ready for production and they still didn't sign off on the straps (anything else more basic then straps??). No news on other aspects of the watch (software, Companion Apps, internal component,...) @creator may as well stay silent, this update is no update, no progress. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I'd be very surprised if the os was anywhere near ready. It seems like there were a lot of buzz in the development part of the forum in 2013, but it has since died down because everyone is waiting for hardware to play with. Some of these developers have probably moved on by now, so: @Creator; 7) Do you plan to do something to motivate the developer community? Rewards/prices for app of the week/month or something like that? @Creator; 1a) What is the status for the watch OS/Firmware? Is it completed in a version that would be ready to ship? 1b) Same question for the companion apps for iPhone, Android and Windows Phone. 2) Can you list some specific features of the current OS/Firmware and companion apps? 3) Can you answer the questions Roma posted in the forum for iPhone, Android and Windows Phone? ( <url>"We also got a big update from the watch case design team (House of Horology + Winson Watch) this week, indicating that they've remedied issues from the previous production samples. We'll include more details about that in this weekend's Update #22 as well." 1. I know you to choose your words very carefully. I interpret your statement about the watchcases as meaning "they say it's all fixed but I'm not yet convinced". So are they fixed or not? 2. Do you have any idea how frustrating is the infrequency of your Updates and your inability to meet your own deadlines for writing them? Especially when the project is already double it's estimated duration? Do you think that's good enough? Thanks. @NKH, I recently decided to not initiate any further BADAR-type contact with Chris as it was not resulting in better communication to backers. I'll do it through here and hope you do too. So wheres this update then? Hey @creator! What I really really like about your update #22, from August, 24th is: No new bad news! Brilliant job. ... @Roma, if you're still in contact with Chris, could you relay these questions/observations/worries? If it is indeed ready and/or improved, then that would be great news to share. the Orsto X3 is huge, checked out the video on youtube @NKH, Agreed. Good work finding that other thing. @Roma, it is worrying that even though all delays have been contributed to (physical) hardware issues, it seems like there's nothing final about software, apps and so on. You'd think that all of that was ready to be released late last year, with clearly defined functionality. Of course, we could hope that the time that has then past would have been used to improve these things and add in new features (which would be nice surprises!), but the basic, fixed functionality should have been / could have been confirmed long ago. Backlight and casing issues shouldn't influence on how notifications work..... @Dino, the only answer was here: Creator Secret Labs + House of Horology on June 1" "@Roma -- we don't have final answers to all the specifics regarding integration with iPhone 5 yet, but we can answer those questions a little closer to shipping the iPhone client." @After Shock, based on price and location, is it the Orsto X3 you're talking about? @Roma - has Chris ever answered your question on the forum about iPhone functionality out of the box? Whether he was building one watch or a million, the software skills have been the same, so why no answers to basic questions? It's not that we haven't seen it, it's that he can't even say what it will do. As for the hardware, how many people have asked for photos of the bits etc? Just camera phone photos or the odd and still nothing. I don't think this is a scam, but I don't believe you'll ever see a working watch, as he'll keep playing around with stuff to improve it, rather than releasing it. As far as we're aware, they haven't even got into integration testing of watch with software or watch with Qi charger yet, mainly as the hardware doesn't exist in a final form. By the time Chris finished this, it'll be as relevant as someone coming out and telling us they've just built the world's best Betamax machine. Unfortunately, I think you've lost your money and I doubt there will be any refunds, as it will have all been spent on development and fine tuning - that's what happens when you or a geeky engineer in charge of the project. It would also be nice to see a link Specs? OK guys here's the offer. Roma you will without doubt try to nail me to a cross for even suggesting this. Agent creator HOH people are sitting on $1M. If they are willing to offer to backers an alternative smartwatch (that is in production and is a very high end designer type of smartwatch, with fantastic reviews, not a Chinese alibaba special plastic mobile phone watch), with specs that dwarf the agent, then said manufacturer will ship out to agent backers, if there are at least 1,000 orders (it may have to be nearer 2,000, to get the deal). Cost to creator for each watch is $199. Watch RRP $580. Backers, who prefer this, then get a very high end European smartwatch delivered to them with no extra cost. But like I said Roma is going to hate me and I fully expect the wrath of Roma and friends. Because yes the company is not a charity and is not doing this totally free of charge, because why would they. But they are willing to supply, as a marketing exercise, to backers at less than trade price. I think it a good idea. But I am throwing out there just to see what the overall opinion is and to see if Agent creator HOH people will go for it. My idea and it may be stupid, but sometimes you are just willing to turn the old brain cogs and do a little bit of research to see if you can make the best of a bad job. @Pekka, My Ouija is a Wasja. Friggin' thing was shaking like a cat on heat. So I heaved it. Dusted off my divining rod and it's standing bolt upright and quivering. Dunno if something's inbound or it's just pleased to see me! Disappointing. I'm not surprised that @creator gave empty promises again. This is unbelievable. Thanking us backers for our patience and other BS like that and not doing as simple thing as writing an update as promised. I'm very interested to read what information Simon has. It might reveal some things I am already suspecting. @Roma: Do you still have your Ouija board? Maybe you should ask for a refund from the manufacturer because it still does not work. :D Is it the weekend yet? Where the shit is my watch... Bring it on Simon! It's Monday and @Creator did not deliver... I think I have seen everything now. Someone has lifted a complete project from KS and put it on IndieGoGo claiming it as their own even using same videos pics and texts @roma - without a listing of what components, a number (even of millions) means little. Resistors can come in reels of 10-20k with a whopping value of literally tens of dollars (depending on value and tolerance). If creator really was serious about production and adhering to timelines, he'd surprise us all by building out the chargers and pre-shipping. Then again, even though he's declared the design complete, without testing it fully with an agent, the design might not be as complete as he things. As other qi charger designer/manufacturers have found, the qi standard isn't always as standard as they hoped. Regarding Ben's penultimate comment, Creator posted here many months back (Update 14) that he had already received 1 million components. Might it take about 10 times more components to make 10 times more watches? Re his next message, the charming exhortation is a bit late. No more multiplying for this Roma. Please issue refunds to backers that want one. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Hi All. I was expecting an update this weekend but as usual Chris hasn't failed to disappoint. I have written up a list of questions that I want to ask Lawrence in the morning. Once I have spoken to him I will post as promised. And Roma go forth and multiply @Spaz if creator refunded money and still stayed on his finding goal if $100k why would the project fail, hi is not in production mode @Alibek, No, I believe that would be fraud. If PCs don't deliver the goods or return the money then I believe backers have a right to go after them. It would be up to each of us to make our own decision as to the cost/benefit of taking that road and how far to travel it. I hope I don't have to make that decision but I don't rule out the possibility. Frequently asked questions: Q Does KS qualify as a store? A Project creators are obliged to either deliver rewards or refund their backers (source: TOU). They are subject to certification and customs procedures much like as any other commercial merchandise, sold online. Ergo, backer rewards are NOT just a way of saying thanks. A contractual relationship exists between creator and backers (albeit on rather flexible terms, favoring project creators). Q Is this project a scam? A Personally, I DO NOT think so. The project is long overdue, and communication was stagnant as of lately. That said, I still have faith in both Chris and Lawrence, in regard to their bona fide status and intentions. I am less certain, however, about their capacity to deliver the watch at face value: it is both late and inferior to the initial offering. Q Can backers expect a refund? A Project creators (PC) are NOT obliged to provide refunds, unless they fail to deliver the product... but what constitutes that failure? KS remains silent on that, which again, favors creators over backers. That judgement is solely under discretion of PCs. Conversely, CC chargeback applications are under the discretion of the backers. In that sense, @Ben is only helping them. A question to Roma: in a hypothetical case, where all backers claim their chargeback (and receive it), after a substantial delay and spec changes, do you suggest PCs to keep all the cash, say "thanks" and deny all rewards (including comments)? Am I wrong or @creator said there would be an update this weekend? Is he waiting for the very last moment or what? UPDATE, PLEASE! So, Ben might let us know when he has reimbursed his card company. Either that or concede that he is acting unreasonably and selfishly. @spaz your comments are reasoned and I accept them. For your info I did live in LA for 8 brilliant years @spaz, Even Roma, with an alleged IQ of 6, can see your reasoned argument as to why backers here do not warrant a refund and why opening the floodgates to refund requests could put this project at risk to the detriment of backers who want their AGENT. People yelling that this project has failed does not make it so and there is evidence that progress is slowly being made. But what would I know? @Ben.. You really should move to the states were the people here believe the government should protect them from themselves. Please come join us. Perhaps I should clarify some things... I have not defended KS or their business model. I have not been defending Chris for quite awhile either. I'm not happy about the situation. I am however pointing out by CC company rules you have approximately 60 days to request a refund/chargeback, the law does not recognize KS as a store, and a class action suit would only benefit a lawyer. If someone finds a workaround for them great for them. Supposedly after amazon payments refunds the money they go after creator for it. So if everything operates as amazon payments states it does, this project will be getting docked. Does 500 bucks make a difference and far as this project being completed? Probably not, but if we're talking 50K that could. It would be one thing if beyond a reason of doubt that this project will not be completed. Then I wouldn't complain about people bending the truth to get a refund. But as is, Chris is apparently making progress albeit much slower than anyone is happy about but progress none the less. Apparently you and others have an issue discerning between someone pointing out facts and blind support of a project/business model. Even when a reasoned argument is made Roma has to demonstrate and IQ of 6 Roma you are a wanker. Ben also needs to send 5 cents to Kickstarter and another 3.5 cents to Amazon Payments. By 21June 2013. And backdate his money order and blame the delay on the post. Then he has the right to comment. :) @spaztastic. I didn't, a guy in California did, to me if it's a store or anything else you all decide it is, I couldn't give a flying f**k but you and your other deluded friends keep defending what is a basically a monumental scam not just perpetrated on this projects but on many others. If you feel people don't deserve some kind of protection then that is your choice maybe you like Roma follow Chris your great leader blindly. However many people here are enraged and ask for refunds and there is no explanation from Chris on this comment section defending his stance so far. The likes of you and Roma blindly defend this situation and I for the life of me can not figure why you are doing it. And as for the right to comment has to be bought, a $1 money order is currently winging it's way to secret labs c/o HOH @After shock, Not fighting, just explaining. The problem detractors have here is getting a refund, not finding another smartwatch - there are plenty of them around and more coming. So your idea is not solving the problem. All it is is using you and Kickstarter's platform to drum up orders for a non-KS product with no benefit to KS. That's why they don't like it. @Ben Keep spamming and you're gonna wind up like Lloyd. On second thought...please continue. Hey look! Ben figured out how to make KS a store. You just have to declare you pre-ordered an item to get a refund and the credit card company buys into that so... If you're pre-ordering a good it must come from a store and the only charge on my card says Kickstarter so Kickstarter is a store. Sweet. Let's all sue KS. They've already made billions and can't even give us an edit button or hide users comments we don't want to see so why the heck not! And for those in California who want a refund below are the steps one person used and was successful. Not sure if this is applicable across all states but you guys will know "Here is what I've learned from others concerning credit card charge backs. Step 1 - Contact the creator via Kickstarter and request a refund. (They will refuse or ignore you.) Step 2 - Contact Amazon Payments via your Amazon user account and request a refund for that transaction, which should be dated on or about August 21, 2013. (Amazon will also refuse to refund.) Step 3 - Call your Credit Card company (or the bank for your debit card if you used one) and file a transaction dispute, requesting a refund. Call them, don't try to negotiate it via online. The reason for the refund request: "pre-paid product was not delivered by due date of XXX, 201X" depending on your pledge level. The card company (or bank) will ask if you've requested a refund from the merchant, so make sure to request refunds from the creator first and then from Amazon before filing with the card company or bank- forward the online request as back-up. !!!***Make sure your card company or bank representative understands that the payment was taken by Amazon on behalf of Kickstarter and creator. The refund request is filed against Amazon Payments. !!!***The basis of your dispute is non-delivery of goods for a pre-order (delivery based upon your pledge)." Of course like I said, the manufacturer needs to make this worthwhile. It is not another KS campaign product. Its just a genuine offer to supply a product similar to that which backers were wanting to see in the first place. Although rather more advanced. Maybe I should not say anything more here. I do not want to start fighting with people like Roma. I just thought, maybe in by naivety that it was a reasonable solution. So back to my earlier question, does anyone know how to get a message direct to backers circumventing KS or the use of this forum. There, you and I agree. No more feeding the troll, esp given he has no right to comment here. Now, did Creator specify 200-250mAh battery or is that your assumption? At this point I say we stop feeding the troll. It's a bit like offering vouchers towards watches made by another arm of the creator so you buy those watches KS getting nothing out of it, hypocrisy? And speaking of hypocrisy To quote Roma "Daniel Chang about 1 hour ago: "Agent ...with a 200-250mAh battery." Source please?" Amazing, someone quotes from another project from KS and Roma needs evidence but doesn't seen to bat an eyelid when no evidence from agent turns up. @After shock, So you're saying that any AGENT backer who gets a refund can buy one of those other things? Aren't they using you to market their product? It's not surprising that KS and Indiegogo don't like it. @After shock. People have placed links to other KS projects and no one has objected to that. I would post a link you have to be careful though because you risk the wrath of Roma the tool Unfortunately it is a Bank Holiday weekend in the UK and that is where the manufacturer is. I just want to be sure that it is OK to put details on here. All I can say is that it all looks above board and genuine. From initial discussion what they have offered to do is to replace all orders for 3 KS and 2 indie campaigns as a single complete production run. Of course they need compensating for the costs, but it would appear that any full refund would go a good way towards covering it. I have been asked to see if there is a way to contact directly all backers of each campaign. But there lies the problem, because KS and indie will not take kindly to Backers being helped out in this way, as it could reflect badly on them. I do know that the company was previously blanked by KS and indie when offering to provide this previously. Daniel Chang about 1 hour ago: "Agent ...with a 200-250mAh battery." Source please? Only equalled by Roma the tool For the record, Ben has posted 20 comments here in the last 30 minutes. Sure is getting his non-money's worth. Mention something against the great leader Chris and whoosh Roma will appear and do their impression of a complete tool Oops I meant Roma is a tool And Roma won't like me telling you this as it effects Chris and we know that Roma is a took And for those in California who want a refund below are the steps one person used and was successful. Not sure if this is applicable across all states but you guys will know "Here is what I've learned from others concerning credit card charge backs. Step 1 - Contact the creator via Kickstarter and request a refund. (They will refuse or ignore you.) Step 2 - Contact Amazon Payments via your Amazon user account and request a refund for that transaction, which should be dated on or about August 21, 2013. (Amazon will also refuse to refund.) Step 3 - Call your Credit Card company (or the bank for your debit card if you used one) and file a transaction dispute, requesting a refund. Call them, don't try to negotiate it via online. The reason for the refund request: "pre-paid product was not delivered by due date of XXX, 201X" depending on your pledge level. The card company (or bank) will ask if you've requested a refund from the merchant, so make sure to request refunds from the creator first and then from Amazon before filing with the card company or bank- forward the online request as back-up. !!!***Make sure your card company or bank representative understands that the payment was taken by Amazon on behalf of Kickstarter and creator. The refund request is filed against Amazon Payments. !!!***The basis of your dispute is non-delivery of goods for a pre-order (delivery based upon your pledge)." Roma is a tool Like a deer caught in the headlights. And for those in California who want a refund below are the steps one person used and was successful. Not sure if this is applicable across all states but you guys will know "Here is what I've learned from others concerning credit card charge backs. Step 1 - Contact the creator via Kickstarter and request a refund. (They will refuse or ignore you.) Step 2 - Contact Amazon Payments via your Amazon user account and request a refund for that transaction, which should be dated on or about August 21, 2013. (Amazon will also refuse to refund.) Step 3 - Call your Credit Card company (or the bank for your debit card if you used one) and file a transaction dispute, requesting a refund. Call them, don't try to negotiate it via online. The reason for the refund request: "pre-paid product was not delivered by due date of XXX, 201X" depending on your pledge level. The card company (or bank) will ask if you've requested a refund from the merchant, so make sure to request refunds from the creator first and then from Amazon before filing with the card company or bank- forward the online request as back-up. !!!***Make sure your card company or bank representative understands that the payment was taken by Amazon on behalf of Kickstarter and creator. The refund request is filed against Amazon Payments. !!!***The basis of your dispute is non-delivery of goods for a pre-order (delivery based upon your pledge)." Oh by the way for Roma should read I am a fool who is oblivious to what is going on with this project I blindly refuse to see the evidence before my eyes and will completely believe in the integrity of Chris out great leader. Who is a fantastic watch developer and will deliver the worlds smartest watch in 2 weeks and if it doesn't happen it is all your fault especially ben who dared to question my wisdom Roma you are a complete tool should read. There is a complete tool called Roma @After Shock tell me more ... Ben Baskaran about 8 hours ago: "By the way I know that some laws vary by state but if you are in California this will work" Should read: "I know nothing about US state laws but one backer in California said this worked for him" They call this Poetic Licence. And for those in California who want a refund below are the steps one person used and was successful. Not sure if this is applicable across all states but you guys will know "Here is what I've learned from others concerning credit card charge backs. Step 1 - Contact the creator via Kickstarter and request a refund. (They will refuse or ignore you.) Step 2 - Contact Amazon Payments via your Amazon user account and request a refund for that transaction, which should be dated on or about August 21, 2013. (Amazon will also refuse to refund.) Step 3 - Call your Credit Card company (or the bank for your debit card if you used one) and file a transaction dispute, requesting a refund. Call them, don't try to negotiate it via online. The reason for the refund request: "pre-paid product was not delivered by due date of XXX, 201X" depending on your pledge level. The card company (or bank) will ask if you've requested a refund from the merchant, so make sure to request refunds from the creator first and then from Amazon before filing with the card company or bank- forward the online request as back-up. !!!***Make sure your card company or bank representative understands that the payment was taken by Amazon on behalf of Kickstarter and creator. The refund request is filed against Amazon Payments. !!!***The basis of your dispute is non-delivery of goods for a pre-order (delivery based upon your pledge)." Well here is a project that wanted $69,000 and raised $1.2 million and this has also descended into farce. This really does show problems kickstarter as whether it is a store or not Lima: the brain of your devices <url>#20). But he is still stopping at mold work, that is the first step of schedule. I'm sure he can't ship any AGENT smartwatches in 2015. I don't want such an outdated product. I want to get my money back. It may not be all over for you residents of USA I am chatting to a Californian who has managed to get a credit card charge back I am awaiting his permission to post what he did here, when he does I will share that info. By the way I know that some laws vary by state but if you are in California this will work Update day today. Julia: Uncle Dan, what's an activist? Daniel: (chanting) it's a store, it's a store J: Uncle Dan? D: What's that, kid? (chanting) it's a store, it's a store J: What's a ... a ... (forgetting) ... a store? D: Any place I say is a store, is a store. (resumes chanting) J: See that other place over there? cas ... cas ... D: Casino. (resumes chanting) J: Is that a store? D: It will be, kid. It will be. (resumes chanting) J: I love you Uncle Dan. D: Shut up kid. Now where was I? Oh yeah - land rights for gay whales, land rights for gay whales ... @Daniel Where did I say anything about your lawyers opinion? You're confusing me with another poster about making fun of your lawyer friends. The only thing I have said in my comments was "Oh and your lawyer buddies should be able to tell you that law doesn't always make much sense or follow logic." And I've repeatedly said good luck with a class action suit against KS. I said YOUR buyer/seller relationship was incorrect. You even said in your snide comment your Harvard lawyer friend said IF kickstarter qualifies as a store it qualifies for CPA and to PROVE IT would be the tough part. See the part about proving it as a store??? That's what I've been saying. So it actually sounds like your lawyer friend and my wife are on the same page. I think we all agree if it's a store it's covered under CPA. No argument from me on that. But the tos is a contract not buyer/seller relationship and is unenforceable by KS. Like another poster said things vary by state. After all you take a state bar. But we'd be speaking of an individual lawsuit against the creator and not KS. So far, no one has successfully tied KS in and that is the big challenge. I'd be in favor of a system like that. I suspect the creators would pass the cost of the extra vetting on to the consumer, and I would be happy to pay. Those who weren't so happy could walk down the trough - caveat emptor. @Joshua, Competition might do it. Someone else (Amazon Lite?) could come along and offer backer protection. They would have to vet projects carefully and charge a lot more than Kickstarter's 5% but I can see the potential. Serious and credible creators could still fund their projects that way much more readily than attempting to get post-GFC bank loans or having to give up their first-born child to venture capital providers. Less serious creators would stay with Kickstarter and the real shysters will stick with good ol' cheap and nasty Indiegogo! that is where you and I will have to agree to disagree. Though I didn't go to Harvard, one of my degrees is in business as well, and I think a person could very well make a case that KS is a store, or at least make enough of a case that the distinction would not legally matter. If that stands, reform could very well come legally. I do agree, though, that exploring commercial reform could be a vehicle for change. However, on a scale as large as what would be needed, I hardly see where it could succeed. The level of involvement needed would be staggering, and consumers will be hard pressed to not gamble on the next shiny bauble. *not LEGAL ones. @Daniel : "This is something we need to fight for." Therein lies the difference between you and me. If I can't stand the heat I get out of the kitchen. @Joshua, Like Daniel's friend, I also went to Harvard (HBS, not Law) and I know a bit about commerce in your country and mine. Cases against creators might change the KS business model but, right now, there is no rational argument for the premise that Kickstarter is a store. Any change to the way KS works will, in my opinion, be driven by commercial imperatives, not business ones. @Roma, when you buy something from a store and the item is past the return period, you found something wrong with the item, but the manufacturer refuses to help despite being in warranty. You file a complaint against or sue the manufacturer, not the store. And, yes, my opinion kickstarter is a store. Legally, we don't know that yet. This is something we need to fight for. I really don't see how this is not a pre-order group-buy store. No one has sued kickstarter yet, but with kickstarter earning money from this, it probably won't be long before suits against KS begins. The scams on KS is getting ridiculous. and this sort of speculation sure is fun and all that, but doesn't do much else than distract from a woefully overdue project that slips daily in my estimation of it. We kid ourselves that anything we publish on this forum has any weight whatsoever, and I don't see, beyond diversion, what we gain either from the posts or from arguing with each other. The stark truth is the project will either succeed or fail regardless of our little typings, as will KS most likely. The only posts that matter here will come from the creator. WE can only hope those come soon, and reveal more. the two aren't mutually exclusive. Just because a case HASN'T been brought doesn't mean it can't, or wouldn't win. The truth, at least in my opinion, here in the States, is that if it started to gain momentum, you would see quite a lot of band wagon jumping, and it would most likely lead to an out of court settlement and large scale KS reform. A quick crash course on US legal: follow the money. If there is money to be gained from a class action, it WILL happen. If KS wants to then protect the money they make, they WILL make changes to the system, be they ToS changes or otherwise. None of this, of course, is germane to our current situation as 1) the creator is still making progress (I wont argue the incremental nature) and 2) these reforms aren't in place and most likely wont be retroactive. If, though, as some believe, the product is largely different upon completion than promised, and someone gathers together lawyers either powerful enough or stupid enough to sue, the above changes quite quickly, doesn't it? @Joshua, I get that. There are 49 other AGs who don't seem to (yet) share that opinion. Regardless, the Washington case is against the creator, not Kickstarter. I did read the filing documents. There was a civil case too that went the same way last year - the judgment was against the creator, not Kickstarter. If Kickstarter was a store, wouldn't these cases be against them? Roma, you just quoted Daniel, then quoted Daniel quoting someone else. See the problem there? Further, in the second quote, you actually lend credence to the original quote (i'll point that out for you) "...we have at least one state's AG who believes so" Here in the United States, the AG (Attorney General) is the state's chief legal advisor. In cases of consumer protection, the opinions they have would carry a lot of weight. Ultimately, a case like this would end up at the highest court (the supreme court). What a difference a day makes. Daniel Chang 1 day ago "Kickstarter IS a store; it's a pre-order store." Stated as fact, not opinion. No ifs, buts or maybes in that entire post. Daniel Chang 2 hours ago "And to prove Kickstarter as a store is the tough part. However we have at least one state's AG who believes so." Is this what activists do? State something as fact and then spend their lives trying to make it so? I think at this point they should be offering refunds to backers. Delays on a tech item are never good. In my opinion the AGENT is pretty much outdated tech wise and design wise. They've lost the 8 month lead they had on everyone else. If I could undo my money would go towards a Moto 360. Just my opinion. Not trying to change anyone elses but I'm sure others feel the same. Folks, technology projects are hard. Check out the COIN credit card. It's just announced the very same kind of delay we've been experiencing here. Sadly the delays are the norm, not the exception. So @spaztastic, how is your wife's opinion more valid than say my civil right lawyer friend now? BTW, my friend went to Harvard Law. She also basically forced me to say this is not an area of her expertise, so she was merely giving me suggestions and not real legal representation. She also said, if kickstarter qualifies as a store, then we absolutely qualifies for consumer protection. And to prove kickstarter as a store is the tough part. However, we have a least one state's AG who believes so. I've been honest and straight forward with all this, and you are telling me that this is not an area of your wife's expertise either? Hypocrisy runs strong. @Brandon @Daniel no my wife has not taken the bar in NY but is licensed in another state. She doesn't practice consumer law nor does she work/defend the enemy. She deals with technology. As someone else pointed out.. This project doesn't even qualify as violating the tos. With the amount of complaints about failed projects one would think there would be a class action lawsuit in the works. I'm actually surprised by your comments about consumer law in NYC. Is this something recent? About six years ago I was looking to buy a high end tv. There were plenty of "electronics" companies that were either sell knockoffs or grey market products as new and almost all of them were based out of NYC. @Roma. Now that was a terrible movie. Julia Roberts should be do ashamed. Well done Roma you did it again "Happy to ride the highs of a good outcome and quick to expect someone to bail them out when things don't go to plan." Er isn't that normal when you pay for something and it is delivered to your satisfaction then you are happy. If it isn't then you aren't and yes you look to those responsible to answer. You really are a complete fool @Brandon, What's to lose by filing a complaint? Only a bit of self-respect. Many backers complaining now have backed several other KS projects before and since this one. Happy to ride the highs of a good outcome and quick to expect someone to bail them out when things don't go to plan. @spaztastic Is your wife certified to practice law in New York? If not, there's a ton of consumer laws, specifically in NYC where both Secret Labs and House of Horology are located that she may not be qualified to speak on. Want to file a complaint against a NYC based businesses? Just go to <url>"File a Complaint" on the right hand side. NYC consumer laws are actually more consumer friendly than business friendly. And they are genuinely interested in businesses that misrepresent themselves, their products, or their intentions. I can't speak for anyone outside the USA, but within the USA there is general reciprocity that would allow NYC law to apply to your transaction. What do you have to lose be filing a complaint if you are unhappy? @Roma can you supply another stupid comment it is now over 8 hours since your last one the anticipation is nail biting update please. I just can't stand being left in the dark. Reminder to self: Answer not a fool according to his folly, lest thou also be like unto him. @spaz, You been sleeping with the "enemy"? You make fun of me for asking civil rights and juvenile court law lawyers (sorry, these are the only lawyers I meet mostly due to my activism). I'm also a good acquaintance to a patent lawyer, but he'll charge me money... So what kind of law does your wife practice? And also who (as in what types of clients) does she typically represent? I had a big time lawyer to represent me for an insurance issue; she typically represent the insurance companies; so I winded up neither winning or losing in attribution. So the reason why I asked I is if she practices business or consumer protection law typically represent the "enemy," I'm not going to take her word for it. @daniel this missus (who is a lawyer) says your buyer seller relationship is not correct and we actually have a contract relationship. She also said reward/refund clause in the tos is unenforceable and was surprised KS even has it in there. @Roma she liked your dating analogy. AGENT the bastard child? @Roma Where else would you have met Chris? Hope you guys have lots of babies. Kickstarter is a dating agency. Both sides have dreams and many dreams are fanciful. In many cases, there is compromise and the parties end up quite OK. There are scammers out there but most intend well. @Daniel Chang So KS is a store. I am just feeling really pissed off here when people appear to be defending KS. WHY? What have they done to help anyone who has been ripped off.? @Alex. Thanks ... I have a feeling the SL's amazon ratings will go down. @Dino Kickstarter backers aren't making investments either, or otherwise every backer of Oculus Rift would be owed hundred of thousands of dollars if not millions. It raised $2M and the company was sold for $2B. And, if you give someone money, and he promise you a product, I think I constitute a buyer-seller relationship. Having multiple things to buy and sell makes Kickstarter a store. What it comes down to is a pre-order and group-buy store. I think Team BADAR has proved ineffective. So my intention from now is to not initiate communications with Chris through the mechanism we have been using. If Chris (or Adam) want to ask or tell me something, I'll engage. That won't stop me commenting here to express my opinion. Here's hoping we get a good Update on the weekend and better ongoing communication about this project. Daniel, I agree with just about all of that. Most notably, that at this point rewards MUST be fulfilled. I suspect they will, at that. What level they come out at is anyone's guess. It could very well be part of the struggle Chris is having is getting mass production of the level of quality he has promised (and most likely would like to see/have his name attached to) As for his level of effort to deliver - I would say (again just speculation) he may very well be giving his best effort, and that may not be up to the challenge. That is not of course to say he is incompetent, again just to point out this project scaled more than I think he expected. I also agree Roma has, to this point, done more harm than good. I, too, wondered where Adam had went, but ultimately it doesn't matter, as the process for desiminating information through the two of them was broken from the start. I would love to see how KS evolves in the future. They have a great concept, but if the population abandons them, only the scam artists will follow. I Dont want a refund and I Dont mind waiting I would just like to see a working agent watch. Glad I only backed Agent and not Kreyos too: <url>"minimum standard" Chris had set: 5-7 days is not 7 days minimum with BT Sync and 25-30 days is also not 30 days minimum at watchface only. Roma likes to believe in an unicorn power management system, and I also like to believe in Jesus... Not to mention, we can legitimately argue that Chris has not made best effort to deliver on the deadline, also in the ToU. There's a huge difference between late and way late. I would totally respect Chris more and continued to do business with SL had he offered refunds. I myself am not seeking a refund; however I have filed complaints. My biggest problem here is that there are people like Roma bullying others to not seek every avenue to get their money back. So all I'm saying is that you have your rights, and if you so wish to exercise your rights, please do so. And I will also not **** at you if you did exercise your rights, like Ben did. If Roma would just be quiet, I don't even think the hostilities here would have escalated this far. Where the heck is Adam? Did he quit "Team BADAR" because he knows something we don't? Or did he realize that taking up this job could also be a violation of labor laws?! And like many here also says, Kickstarter's backer protection is completely inadequate. After making all this money already, Kickstarter should have some way for backers to get the money back if ToU has been violated without having backers contacting lawyers. Earning 5% of all "pledges," Kickstarter does have some responsibility after having earning at least $64 Million since it started. Kickstarter IS a store; it's a pre-order store. It's not selling investments. But also in the ToU, we have to agree to not involve Kickstarter in any proceeding? Ebay is a good example of an online store with protection. Sure, Kickstarter is way newer, so maybe we're just in this too early; but Kickstarter obviously have examples to follow, where as ebay did not. @michael <url>"I will not play fair." etc. Surprised we havent had roma logging on and kissing arse yet. This user's account has been deleted. @Pekka. I think these samples are watch straps. "We also got a big update from the watch case design team (House of Horology + Winson Watch) this week" According to House of Horology, they sent you all the details over a week ago, and you've done bugger all about sharing those details. One of you isn't telling the truth, and I know which one I believe. Production samples? I thought they were fit validation samples and based on those you will order molds for the production. Does this mean that that the case will be CNC milled from steel? @Creator / Chris "Thanks to everyone for their patience while our team gets the watch case and watch strap design issues hammered out." That is disingenuous and the "update" is going to have to be much better than that. Some humility may not go amiss either. I hope today goes well Chris. @Creator Don't you dare thank us for our patience!! It's not like we have a choice!!! You refuse to refund your disappointed backers and Kickstarter refuses to act. I'm just waiting to join the imminent class action suit. Not to go all roma here, but update is coming this weekend, to include "big update from design team" @Ben Great minds think alike. Perhaps you should lay off the sauce my friend. @Dear Great Leader, Wonderful strategy. The peasants do a perfectly good job dieing from starvation. They don't need tobacco to control population growth. Your humble acolyte, Roma. @Roma You are absolutely right. Golf came easy to me :-) Tell you a story you might like ... Back in 2007 I quit smoking. First couple of weeks was ok, but then I was tempted to start smoking again. Solution I made ? I banned cigarettes in general all across the country. Made it much easier to quit :-) True story as well Tonite I emailed this to <email>, hope he reads it... Stig Olsen - <email> 03.11 (for 0 minutter siden) til cwalker Being one of the "lucky" backers on Kickstarter for your Watch, I sometimes stop by the project to get updates. The emotions and anger floating in your forum is growing day by day. Is this really a fraud ? Or are you just falling behind on everything and wont face criticism public ? A lot of angry backers are now turning against you, and it looks like no one is leaving before you show up and deliver something. Hooking up with lawyers, contacting Magazines, blogs and Twittercampaigns are all in the making. It will get ugly, and you will spill all over both kickstarter and HoH while you are at it. So this is just a friendly heads up ... If you don't want to ruin you name in business for ever, you better step up and do some progress and write an update.Be a man, not a ****. Damn, you think we can just forget 1 million dollars ??? You know, even if progress is kinda slow we can live with that. But not you hiding. Thats the worst kind. _______________________________________________________ Vennlig Hilsen / Best Regards Stig Louis Olsen @Stig, Ah yeah, the good ol' days. Dear Leader's first ever game of golf wasn't bad. 11 holes in one and 38 under par for the round. Witnessed by 17 security guards so it must be true. @Roma Awww, those were the days. This poor Chris guy would be no match back in the days :-) "Spaztastic and Roma are now hooked up" Damn! I hope Mrs Spaz doesn't see this. Nothing worse than a jilted lawyer :) Think I've worked out how Ben get his refund. Special treatment for minors :)) <url>m guessing quite a few in here could start a #kickstarterfraud campaign on Twitter, then follow up with blogs and magazines like wired and gawker to get their attention. This is in fact a great story for a good journalist. Maybe not Pulitzer material, but never the less. There are things happening here that is bigger than this one project, and someone should be able to ask those questions for a large enough crowd to stir things up. @Stig, They don't want to. They made $50,000 on this baby. That's how Pebble got away with so many lies. Kickstarter made $500,000 on that one! *Copro @Pekka, No argument with that. I'm just saying that I've been told HOH is just a supplier. As to any liability they have for this project, I'm not presuming to know or speculate because I too am not a lawyer. Just smelt a stench - Copra Ben's back. I am staggered Roma can still talk with their tongue firmly embedded in creators arse Being in the first one hundred to back this project, I am now actually fortunate for not losing more then 129 $. Still sucks though, and I am now also looking for a way out of this mess. Imagine the nerve on this guy, thinking he might get away with this. From reactions around here, I now see he will have to put up some fight to keep us away. I will back any actions taken from this community, and if needed make a contribution for legal advice. I would love to have a go at the Kickstarter Team, to see if the would comment in general or to this specific project. I am sure they could lean on Secret Labs and make something happen if they wanted to. I imagine in the long run this could be the beginning of the end for sites like this if the don't take frauds seriously enough. Anyway, things happen so fast these days with watches from the big companies. Im not even sure this here watch would be something even remotely competitive in the marked. Excuse my poor english, native Norwegian thats why :-) @Roma: Look at the project page. Search "About the Creators". HoH is mentioned to be one of the creators plus that blue thingy on the right. There are no disclaimers that HoH is "just a supplier". @Daniel, Guess what? You pay for that protection in some way, shape or form. Just like Ben pays as a customer of his card company. So, I'm wrong. Ben has paid ... mmm ... maybe 10 cents max on his transaction? You have to have at least $1 in this club. Either way, Ben doesn't qualify to comment. @After shock, Spot on! You're no lawyer. @Mathew Searle: Your are quite right sir. Look to the right in the BLUE BOX. It's clear as day, Very clear indeed: Project by Secret Labs + House of Horology. No doubt a joint venture. Equal liability. I'm no lawyer but, it looks like that to me. House of Horology are listed as one of the project creators. At what point did they actually say to their backers "we're just suppliers, it's all down to Secret Labs"??? @La Caputa. The Moto 360 looks nice and I agree I love round watches, but its a blatant rip off of the UK X4 design which of course are full blown android smartphones in a watch. Either way I am all for supporting anyone who wants to fight for justice here. @Roma... Using your analogy, Ben got someone else to pay for his membership fees. So, yes, he's still a member. My credit card company will charge back up to $500 per instance and $1500 a year through some surety company. @simon for the first time in months i agree with Roma, what did u talk about/ why wont u tell every who has an equal amount of skin in the game(where Roma says not ben) it seems odd u would come say u learned something then not say it now, but say you will say it on Monday... also i know hoh is a supplier but who in their right mind would not who where the person writing them a check is located, especially after over a year of "working together" its not like they are going to deliver to a small po box unless its the size of a bedroom. Simon's dropped off the radar. Reporting to his boss? @Alex, No mention of that. I initiated the exchange by asking Chris when the Update would be done. He gave me his estimated timing which caused me to comment that it would be posted "in a (very) few days". My discussions with him and Adam Dzak have all been via instant messaging. I have not spoken to Chris. Maybe Adam has, I don't know because I'm on the other side of the world (contrary to the amusing conspiracy theories). So, Simon, that's my discussion with Chris. What about yours with Lawrence? BTW, HOH is a supplier, not a partner. A key one, but a supplier all the same. I think I've said that before. Quite possibly Secret Labs' other suppliers don't need to know where Chris works from either. Ben's concept of free speech is a laugh. Does that mean you can barge into a club and have a say even though you're not a member? Because that's what this place is, a club for which we've all paid our membership dues. All bar one. @Alex: Tell me that you are joking. LOL @ Ben's comment about cheap Chinese smartwatch? @After shock, need any help? The watch case arrived at hoh Friday and thus they gave 30 pics n their update info the chris... ROMA when u talked to Chris four days ago as u said earlier did he mention this / what did u two discuss four days ago? "My calls don't get picked up and his secret labs address is for a post box" From lawrence when asking him to go talk to chris... thats sucks but its worse... a they have been working together for over a year and HOH DOES NOT KNOW WHERE CHRIS WORKS FROM.... WTF we are screwed But I believe in the right to free speech that must be an alien concept to you @Roma you have constantly said I have no right to comment What will happen in about 12 months creator will buy a load of cheap Chinese smart watches which will have better functionality than Agent and deliver them as enhanced watches and pocket about $900,000 @Matthew, Correct. And I was heavily criticised. So why should Simon not be subject to the same criticism? There is a difference though. I want my AGENTs so it is in my interest for this project to succeed. I challenge anyone to show I've said otherwise. Simon, however, is the opposite and he has only ever backed one project on Kickstarter. Highly suspicious, the lengths he's going to to undermine this project. A matter of principle? I don't think so. Oh yeah, almost forgot - I have the right to express my views here. Weird that Ben, who has no right to comment here, feels free to critique my comments. @Lou: Yes, I have seen it and it looks great. Compared to Agent it looks premium and with that price it is a bargain. But hey, Agent will be a real premium with case made of some exotic material, glass case back and 1 dollar strap. That is worth waiting for a year or two. :D So what is Roma's agenda sounds like a completely confused individual. Do they want the project to succeed or not? Simon is trying to be positive and Roma tries to deride his efforts I keep saying this project is doomed and Roma derides my comments. So come on Roma what the f**k are you trying to achieve? On a more positive note...have you guys seen the Moto 360?!? Only $249, and a round face to boot! That's the one I want. I'll be selling this (or maybe giving it away) as soon as I get it...if I get it. Did you @Roma get info you were reluctant to share? Ages ago? @Simon, What's the truth? What did HOH say? Why are you not telling your fellow backers the truth? Why are you not doing what you accuse creator of not doing? Simon doth protest too much. @simon ignore Roma one total deluded fool I think if you are told something you either share it or say nothing because you will only cause more unrest @roma I hate to break it to you but you firstly have zero concept of truth and secondly i think youre a **** so i will take nothing you say with an aweful lots of seriousness - as i say i find you hilarious amd your current little tantrum is priceless. So,e would say vintage roma. My agenda is clear - i either want a watch that delivers in its promises promptly OR i want a refund. If i dont get either then i will do my very best to ensure that everyone browsing the internet knows exactly who chris is and the way he does business and to warn people not to have anything to do with him. Roma you have as much credibilty as the AGENT project currently. Do yourself a favour and shut up. If you dont post people at least wont be reminded what a fool you are. @Simon, The principle right now is that you are not telling us the truth, insofar as what you have been told by HoH. So if you ever do tell us anything, how much of it are we to believe? To what extent will you twist what you've been told to suit your own agenda? What IS your real agenda? You could be a competitor as far as we know. An indicator of that is you have backed exactly one single project on Kickstarter - AGENT. Zero credibility. The problem with KS they say once the project has funded then it has nothing to do with them. As I have stated before in the UK we have very strong consumer protection law. But it is good to see you guys collectively trying to sort this mess out. Keep at it and fingers crossed you get something back. After shock - depemding on the next few days i have considered starting this. I dont have the time really but for me its the principle. Matt - yes i shouldnt have said anything but i wanted to confirm i had spoken to HOH. The projectdoes still seem on (which surprises me) Matt - my opinion of chris has not changed one bit. i am waiting to be proved wrong. Spaztastic - well he has at least around a million bucks. Not that his wealth or lack thereof counts for anything. The "man" is a coward for not providing an update (after his last joke of a post was widely derided). This was said only 2 hours ago, the very same person who said this has decided to stay tight lipped. KS are facilitating these deals, they clearly give the impression that the average person can trust them to oversee and protect, as best they can, them as contributors. There is however, a major problem at KS when, even with all of the recent problems, scams, whatever you want to call them, KS allow a product like the Moment Smartwatch to go for funding. Look, here's the deal guys and girls of course, I am not the man for the job, but if someone has the time and know how to start a website to collect disgruntled backers names with a view to attempting to sue KS, then I am first in line and will happily put $20 into the put immediately. It is my guess that with the right amount of funds (5,000 backers all putting in $20), that really, really good lawyers could be hired and certainly start to pull to bits the farcical T&C's that KS think! that they can hide behind. Sorry I am unable to offer any more help than that. Other than my opinions. Are we getting the watches or not? yes or no? had = hate Seems a bit cloak and dagger , you shouldn't have said that you had some information , why didn't you keep it to yourself until Monday? I had this sort of thing, its seems like some sort of power trip. Matt - i need to wait until sunday. I was tempted to post everything i know but i dont think it is prudent due to what i have been told. It isnt anything groundbreaking so get too excited - i am just waiting to see which way the next steps will be approached. Sorry. No @roma - unlike you i am trying to get to the real issues and explain them to anyome that cares. This means that i also have to be careful not to negatively impact on events. What the forum can be assured of is that im not a wannabe arse kisser for chris. I think the board only has room for one of those. But carry on anyway - i find you hilarious. yeah Simon, Why not share the news now? @Simon: thanks, mate! @Simon, Why are you withholding information from your fellow backers? Gone across to the dark side? Daniel No its not financial related. I am writing up everything as we speak and will post monday. Have a good weekend. Simon, good job. I hope it's not another $150 coupon for their $500 mechanical watch... Why should we do additional business with them? Okay - update. I have spoken to lawrence at house of horology. It is worth noting he is not an admin on KS so he cannot post updates himself. I will not reveal the conversation at this time however i will provide an update on momday. What i will say is that i have made a suggestion to lawrence which he is kindly considering. In other news (because some of us do) i will have a website up that will be used in connection to the agent watch and chris within a week. Left chris / secretlabs a voice mail. Wont hold my breath Spaztastic - thanks but he doesnt respond to those and the address isnt correct from what i read. @Simon I'll leave this right here. It was updated in Jan. <url>"man" is a coward for not providing an update (after his last joke of a post was widely derided). Has anyone got chris email address or cell number? That i would dearly love. Just tried calling lawrence but he has stepped outside for 10 minutes ! The names change but it's the same old line. Refund, sue, chargeback, refund, sue, chargeback.... And I have no idea of Chris's wealth but he did sell his previous business he founded to a huge company. On another note..based on the previous timeline I wouldn't be surprised if we don't see an update until the end of the month and it's probably going to be more of the same old lost in translation/CAD models off screwup. I'd think if anything good had happened since the last update we'd already hear about it. been chatting with lawrence... chris puts a middle man in between them "project manager" gave 30 pictures and an update to chris almost a week ago and chris seems to just be taking his sweet hime @ROMA care to add since uve been talking to chris @roma - bless. A legend you no doubt are. If only we had your power and intellect. You truly are a giant who has delivered more than can be imagined by mere mortals. Your comments here have been insightful - your communication back in May for example is a testament to your abilities to really get a handle on the situation and receive accurate information from all who are forced to bow before you. Meanwhile - if you can let us have chris email i will send something across now. PS - one of us is buying a bunch of domains for some websites that are purely designed to return favourable results should someone search for house of horology, secret labs and chris. One of us is also looking at google adwords and key search words for the above. Remind me what exactly are you doing rather than blow smoke up your own backside? @Roma: Ok, but it's not like all this sarcasm will add anything positive to the discussion, don't you think? You contacted HoH 3 months ago and got a certain kind of reply, maybe after 3 months there will be a different answer. Or is it ok to pointlessly wait for the @creator to reply whenever ha wants (IF he wants)? In your post you say you had a communication with him... is it possible to have some updates about this or is it confidential? @Marco, Sarcasm stems from the fact that these are not Simon's initiatives at all. I did exactly what he did re HoH 3 months ago and I've seen other projects where backers have complained to Kickstarter and got the same canned response. Nothing new. @Simon, No. 2-way four days ago. 1-way yesterday. Do you mean "averse"? I'm not. Just have the balls to do it rather than cry your tits off here threatening to do it. So many people say what you're saying on so many projects and they do nothing. Neither will you. @roma - are you chris of secret labs infamy? If not- When was the last time you and chris communicated directly? Why do you seem adverse to starting legal action? I think it has legs amd if it means chris , hoh, ks have some sleepness nights then i would much rather soend a couple of hundred bucks on that than wait for the promise of what is now yesterdays technology. The public/tech world in general is waking up to the likes of KS being a playground for shisters. It will get publicity. And as for your previous question - no i havent received a reply yet. I will wait though. My view is that @after shock is right - the ball is in our court. Social media is powerful and has a hook into the mainstream media thirsty for stories of failure/corruption. imagine HoH having their facebook, twitter etc etc feeds filled with angry investors. Imagine chris product having lots of bad reviews about his ethics. Imagine the press being told of his failure to communicate. His name isnt all over the internet yet. But it could be. Websites could be created. Imagine trying to get a new project off the ground with his name against it or secret labs against it? Any investor would run a mile if page one and two of google (dont ya love seo?) was filled with negative stuff about him. For sure its not huge. Its a gesture. Its a stand. But if it costs them even a dollar it would be worthwhile. However i hope still that his conscience and that of HoH will move them to communicate, apologise, offer refunds to those that want them and deliver to those that dont. Lets give it a few days. In the meantime - has anyone looked to see if these comments are copyrighted ? Ta ra @Roma: I don't really understand your sarcasm... Simon is trying to do something for the whole community of backers, who actually have all the right to be disappointed and angry with regards to the @creator's lack of communication. It could also be that he won't get any satisfactory reply, but I think it's worth trying. This situation is getting ridicolous and alraming and the more information we get the better, IMHO. Why don't you stop asking questions and actually do something about it? Head on over to Indiegogo and start up a project? They let anything through there and would love to see Kickstarter slapped down. The problem is IGG would be the next target and I'm pretty sure they wouldn't want to shoot themselves in the foot. If you don't want to take the risk with this stuff, don't back any more projects and stop agitating to feed the lawyers because we all know who wins in that game. The lawyers. @Roma Yes you are correct. I will re-word that. OK. Retail laws. IS KICKSTARTER LEGALLY A RETAILER, the person who legally advertises and takes your money. ?? Do you think that they are TOO BIG to fight. What happens if 20,000 contributors all used the same law firm and maybe paid $10 each to take KS to court. Who would win ?? Is there any doubt and would KS take the risk ?? @Simon, how you going with those two brilliant initiatives? ;) @After shock, "Legally" you have no idea. Kickstarter didn't receive any money except their 5% commission. Amazon only acted as a payment agent and passed the balance over to the creator after skimming off their cut. They can't reach into creator's bank account and grab the money. The ball's in your court but just saying that won't get you anywhere. There is only 1 single smartwatch developer who HAS actually come up with the goods and is in a position to supply ALL of the disappointed backers in my last post. Why not everyone ask KS if they can arrange to ship the alternative to all backers. It could be done, BUT, would KS be willing to admit this huge failing, prove that KS is not just one gigantic SCAM and help all of the backers of all of the failed smartwatch KS campaigns. Legally, if KS are NOT IN BED WITH THEM, KS can RECLAIM from the campaign owners ALL money paid out to them. If not then Amazon certainly could. I think that the ball is in our court. @Simon, If you get any response from Kickstarter, it'll be the same old canned one ... "we have reached out to creator and encouraged better communication ... ". As for HoH, I did what you did 3 months ago and posted the results. See my link below. Got any fresh ideas? OK. HERE'S THE TRUTH. Omate FAIL. Result = Backers lose :( But of course KS Wins :) Agent FAIL. Result = Backers lose :( But of course KS Wins :) Neptune Pine FAIL. Result = Backers lose :( But of course KS Wins :) Moment SmartWatch Guaranteed to FAIL. Full of lies and shit. Result = Backers will lose :( But of course KS Wins :) But we are NOT ALONE: <url>#comment-6797292 I have sent this to Kickstarter: Hi I wondered if Kickstarter can get involved with the AGENT smart watch project as it appears to be another Kickstarter scandal that will only further undermine the Kickstarter ethos. Many backers believe that Secret Labs and House of Horology misrepresented the product they sought to have backed, namely the stage of development they were at and a realistic plan to implement it. In addition despite being significantly funded the lack of communication from both House of Horology and Secret Labs has been woeful. Finally both Secret Labs and House of Horology have other projects and forums that they're active on. Although both businesses are bound to have other interests some believe that these may have been funded by the AGENT project as no real progress seems to being made on the AGENT watch. This has led to many believe that AGENT was and continues to be victim of fraud although this is yet to be proven. It is about time Kickstarter started taking some responsibility - you after all benefit - and help backers. Can you please get back to me Simon @Simon: very well done, Sir! I was also wondering... is there anyone in NY that could actually go to HoH and speak directly to the guy? This user's account has been deleted. @Chris Seems to me that the story of Kreyos is the same as the story of Agent.. It's just a couple of months ahead of us.. Can't wait for pictures of creator with his new ferrari :P Looks like Kreyos isn't faring too well... <url>"see the light". The advantage Chris has is that he is in the shadows. His website has no address and the address he is registered at seems fake. He also doesn't seem to have that many clients. But he does have some exposure - let's call that a work in progress. HoH is different. It is easy. It's a brand that wants to project an image and is "out there" in the wild for all to see. We have 5,685 backers in this in project. If we want to we can be more powerful than sitting here moaning on KS. We can start fighting back if we continue to be ignored. But I will need help from other fed up backers. Coprophilia now from Ben. How low does this go? @Simon very constructive will wait to see what happens @Pekka well said @Roma get your tongue out of creators arse no amount of brown nosing will gain you anything but more evidence of a complete lack of perception as to what is going on here. I have just sent this email to HoH - we are afterall directing our ire at Chris/SL but HoH are also at the top of the project. The interesting thing with HoH is they have a visible active business that has lots of social media presence, a business address and a phone number. Hi You were/are joint partners in the AGENT Kickstarter project along with Secret Labs. You maybe aware that the project is already a year overdue and that many backers are very angry at the lack of communication by HOH and "Secret Labs". Currently most of the venom is directed at Secret Labs however I wanted to reach out to you so that I can get an idea of what is going on. Can you answer me the following: 1) Are you still actively engaged with this project? 2) How do you view your involvement in this Kickstarter - as a joint partner (with funding being jointly shared) or a supplier? 2) When did you last have contact with Chris of Secret Labs? 3) How many other people at Secret Labs do you speak to? (Many have the feeling that SL is simply Chris) 4) Are you confident of delivery of AGENT and if so when? 5) Have you ever worked with Chris/ Secret Labs before? 6) Would you undertake another project with Chris/ SL? 7) What do you put the delays to this watch down to (please don't mention backlight or samples - I'm interested in project management) I will post this email on the Kickstarter boards and hope that you communicate more effectively than Chris does. Thanks for your time Simon PS - If you have an accurate address and phone number for Secret Labs / Chris then I would be grateful. You were/are joint partners in the AGENT Kickstarter project along with Secret Labs. You maybe aware that the project is already a year overdue and that many backers are very angry at the lack of communication by HOH and "Secret Labs". Currently most of the venom is directed at Secret Labs however I wanted to reach out to you so that I can get an idea of what is going on. Can you answer me the following: 1) Are you still actively engaged with this project? 2) How do you view your involvement in this Kickstarter - as a joint partner (with funding being jointly shared) or a supplier? 2) When did you last have contact with Chris of Secret Labs? 3) How many other people at Secret Labs do you speak to? (Many have the feeling that SL is simply Chris) 4) Are you confident of delivery of AGENT and if so when? 5) Have you ever worked with Chris/ Secret Labs before? 6) Would you undertake another project with Chris/ SL? 7) What do you put the delays to this watch down to (please don't mention backlight or samples - I'm interested in project management) I will post this email on the Kickstarter boards and hope that you communicate more effectively than Chris does. Thanks for your time Simon PS - If you have an accurate address and phone number for Secret Labs / Chris then I would be grateful. @Roma: I don't mind people commenting here whether they have gotten refund or chargeback from their credit card company. Ben has valid points and I'm glad that he has gotten his money back. Personally I would use that option as well if it was possible for me. This project is dead to me. The money is lost. I'm so freaking dissapointed. The fact that the Creator can't even take 5 minutes to sit down and write a few lines each week just proves that he doesn't care. Already been to my credit card company to check my options, but the whole proces seems to long and tiresome for me to even care to try. R.I.P. Agent. Update please. Roma - You moaning about Ben is beyond tiresome. We get it. You don't like Ben because he has had a refund from Chris. However Ben and everyone else has a right to post so shut the hell up. If you're in direct contact with Chris (or are in fact Chris) I hope you have the decency to tell him (if he doesn't know) what a complete dick he is being with this project and how arrogant he is not for not giving backers who gave him a million bucks a update. Backers deserve better. We didn't back this project so that he could live in comfort pursuing his control board wet dream. @Pekka, What do you think of an ex-backer commenting here? Should someone with no skin in the game be doing that? @Roma waiting? For what? @Pekka, Yes, I do have something to say and I've said it. To Creator. Just waiting now. @Daniel: I have not used such term. @Roma: Four days and counting. Anything to say? @Simon be careful what you say about Creator you risk the wrath of Roma which will be delivered by a couple of paragraphs of unintelligible crap If you require a refund you should apply to your credit/debit card company. Please note the following:- This is relevant to UK transactions you will have to refer to your country's laws to determine what auction is available. Creator will not give you a refund as they are not required to and do not feel morally obliged to, Kick Starter will not give you a refund as they consider their job is done when the pass the money on. This is true if creator decides not to do any work on the project, in other words continually delay a project, state delays to timeline and even eventually stop. Your transaction is with your credit/debit card company they will charge back amazon payments or Kick Starter direct. So don't let someone scam you with their lies and false dawns take your money back it is your money. Roma seems to be the voice of the creator. Perhaps Roma is Chris? The arrogance levels are about the same. Meanwhile still no update. What really annoys me is that a hobbyist hack has got a million dollars through false advertising with it seems no repercussions. People like Chris need teaching a lesson. Refund please. @Creator. Do the right thing and start issuing refunds. Sonnet or later someone is going to file a class action against you and HOH. @daniel you really didn't miss anything. Lloyd decided every time Roma posted he would spam the comments section with a page long text of mainly refund repeated. Just a lot of scrolling involved to actually read any other comments. Oh, man, I missed out on all the action last week! @Pekka, don't think I didn't notice when you called HoH House of "Horror"ology... XD @Marco Next month, Meta Watch will deliver on their new watch with practically the same hardware inside. So if Agent could be released in October/November, I wouldn't call this outdated. However, if this gets delayed even more, like next spring (if only), then okay... I would say Agent is outdated. P.S. Would I even want to know what Lloyd is being a ***** about? Three days from "Update should be out within a (very) few days. ". Nice way to cover your back with the conditional mood. :D Someone pointed to the Agent developer forums and I took a quick peek. It is pretty much dead. There is no developer community for this watch so who is going to develop apps if the watch comes out? I think Secret Labs does not have the resources to develop even a decent app portfolio and we "used to be excited developers" are not going to spend our time to develop something for a device which might be shipping this year (which I highly doubt). From the forums I found this project: <url>"Report this project". There's an option in there to report spam and abuse. Phew! @Lloyd - you should read this. <url>~10 hours a week I put into them). This project looks to be having challenged with partners/subcontractors. This project is already so late that punching in Dec-2015 is more probable for the delivery date. This project is making design decisions that directly impact the usability of the hardware (size). And this project could have been shipped with "competitive" features if it were shipped in Dec 2013 as backers were "sold". Now, this project is essentially non-communicative. Where is the update! Its' been more than a month since we were informed that you almost have the oversized package done. UPDATE REGULARLY - Once a week is suggested. If you cannot provide some new information within a week then there is likely nothing happening. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Alibek, Easy to tell the difference here. I am a backer. Ben WAS a backer. Twain wouldn't have known about Kickstarter - fools rush in where angels fear to tread :) @all Maybe there's a reason we are backers, not buyers. As much as I am frustrated by the ambiguity, delays and silence, turning this page into mess DOES NOT help anyone. @Roma You've been helpful by relaying messages from Chris, such as one about this coming update. Less so, when allowing others drag you into inane squabbles. Case in point (Twain): "Never argue with a fool; onlookers may not be able to tell the difference." *continually talk out of their arse. Refund please. "Secret" Labs and House of "Horror"olgy..... backers should have noticed that.. Oh I forgot to mention there also delusional idiots who keep posting here who have such blinkered vision, and such admiration for how creator has conducted himself that they continuously talk out of their arse. I don't know why I check this page anymore. The comments have degraded to the equivalent of monkeys throwing feces at each other. Creator better get in here soon to calm this down. Secret Labs + House of Horology Last login Aug 20 2014 Maybe today's the day for an update. Not holding my breath though. I must be reading the wrong comments. Who's giving excuses for the creator not turning up? Anyone? @Luke and that is where the problem is despite all the noise which would easily be quelled by the creator just coming on here once he chooses not to. People are making unreasonable excuses for the creator not turning up and that is frustrating a lot if people @Luke +1 @Lloyd Not cool. I am not happy about the situation with this watch at all and I think it has been horribly mismanaged but you are effectively destroying the only dialogue people here get to have. Holding the page ransom like that is a bit of a dick move. @Creator this would have been a lot easier if you had been communicating more. I quite like this Lloyd guy... @creator don't give Roma any watches or refunds and also do not post any updates because no one will believe you, and keep all the money, and have a lovely time spending it on all the things you want, and don't waste any more of your precious time trying to produce the "worlds smartest watch" @DigitalPH +1 @Creator, Please do not refund Lloyd. Just report him to Kickstarter and let them block him from commenting. He's obviously used to people pandering to him. No, just drop him off but don't give him refund. Please refund Lloyd he is being a c@nt. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Creator, Whatever else you do, please don't refund Lloyd. Did I say he was amusing? I meant to say BEmusing. Damn! @todd my only point is lawyers add a bunch of crap that may or may not hold up in court. How exactly would ks enforce their tos requiring fulfillment or refund? @Spaz Thanks for the response. Of course we can't count on kickstarter to enforce it. However, this is nothing like the disclaimer issue you are referencing. Look up third party beneficiary. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Nice to know lloyd has mastered copy/paste. @Todd I'm going to quote you since you've been blown off by lloyd's rant: It's amazing to me that people can't read the Kickstarter TOS: "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." If you don't expect to receive anything, that's fine. Don't try and speak for everyone else. KS only put that in because ppl were **** last year. They can't enforce it and if they attempt to they'll get themselves tied up in the responsibility of getting backers back their money which hell no they don't want to go there. So... it's just a bunch of bs. Just like the bs on the back of a receipt you get from a public parking lot. Lawyers will put anything and everything on something. Doesn't mean it will stand up in court. And Lloyd if you really want to get a refund throw in some fbombs and derogatory comments about creator. That seemed to be most effective. Holy crap. Someone's about to win the Agent Refund Sweepstakes in no time... This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Todd +1 @Steve McPherson It's amazing to me that people can't read the Kickstarter TOS: "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." If you don't expect to receive anything, that's fine. Don't try and speak for everyone else. While we wait ... Ben has posted almost 60 comments here since he promised not to, except to advise people how to go about getting their money back. Very few comments since have been about that. He is not one of us now. He has nothing at stake. Whatever you think about my comments, I am a backer who still has an investment in the project. Ben does not have the right to comment here. Lloyd is a waste of space but at least an amusing one. I don't mind someone who calls a spade a fucking shovel. I get it when people defend that this is not a store, if this was some caramels or tea, who cares the tech is not going to change on that kind of item. This is tech and we will be getting last years tech the end of this year. As fast as technology changes, a year long delay utilizing the same tech from when it first materialized is disappointing. I'm not here to demand a refund or complain, I just wanted to express my disappointment. I'm sure this will end up next to my Metawatch and iPod watch collecting dust. As for the creator, once again, disappointment. I understand the psychological stress and inner conflict he must be going through. Each time he post there's someone who over analyzes it and picks it apart, which is understandable because there never is a clear answer. He had good intentions starting out but has digressed which will end up causing even more hostility on this board and toward him. Communication....every relationship has to have it...... Wait so they have everything in stock to make the chargers yet they haven't made them yet..... REAL SMART to put off all assembly till the end that wya you can build both at the same time and mix up parts... Here is what @creator Chris said regarding the charger in a pm on July, 16th. "The Qi charger in the video was a standard Qi charger. We created a custom charger last year, complete with custom charger coils, and demonstrated it in our updates. We have parts in stock to make thousands and thousands of the darn things...but we need watches and--at this moment most importantly watch cases--to go with them." @Mikey so you did, fingers crossed you get your $200 one. Right, but I already paid $200 for this one. @Mikey want a QI charger? <url>"what I find astonishing is that there are people on here that are trying to justify and defend this model." What's more astonishing is that people come here to KS eventhough they think the model is flawed. Then they go **** about it when they don't get things their way. I understand people can get upset because of delays + lack of communication, but to ask for refunds because there are newer and shinier things about to be released is just plain wrong. I support the call for more stringent rules here in KS though, but this is not the forum to do it. Send KS an email or pay them a visit. Until they place a protection for backers, it is what it is right now. Also, delays and infrequent updates, whether you like it or not, doesn't necessarily mean it's a scam. I think the issue is that in this particular project the creator has raised over $1 million and had has very little to show for it. Projects do go wrong but the creator here provides no input or give any clue if there is anything wrong. He is accused if scamming and he does not defend this, he is spotted in other areas providing vigorous updates in other things but not this, that is what is pissing people off This user's account has been deleted. Im interested to see if Chris the creator puts pictures in the update, Lawrence @ hoh said he sent him over "dozens" of pictures along with a full progress report of HOH progress. With that i will bet a dollar that we maybe get 3 pictures and we wont see it till at least the end of the day today if not tomorrow. Its amazing to me how few people understand what Kickstarter is. It is not a not a store so no one is guaranteeing that you get your "reward" for investment. KS is all about crowd funding a the vision of the creator. I have no real issue with that. I have to admit though I'd be interested in understanding to what level the KS team vets these projects and how, I, as a consumer looking to invest or 'buy' into a vision can have netter visibility into how the project was vetted. KS is based on three parties. KS themselves, the creators and the public. Whatever happens KS and creators will always win and there is no protection for backers, what I find astonishing is that there are people on here that are trying to justify and defend this model. Are we still in the 90's? eBay realised the platform and protection they offered buyers wasn't suitable for the modern age something KS don't seem to be that interested in and are operating as if they are in the Wild West Ebay did not offer a protection plan when they started. How old are you folks?? Buying there or anywhere on the web in the 90s was the wild west. Well done to Roma hopefully that may get a response from Creator Ouija board aquiver. I asked Creator to send Update #22 in a westerly direction. That way, IGB gets his last. Roma still kissing creators arse? IG Ben is back. In fact he never left. Bummer. Has he nothing better to do? :) @Matthew. I totally agree with you how ebay work. Reading that article KS are stating as they are relatively small pledges people won't be bothered to pursue any losses, aren't KS inviting fraud by saying this? I think the KS model will implode. Once professional scammers see the opportunity to make quick money and suffer no financial implications @Ben - it's an interesting stance that Kickstarter is a platform, therefore they can't do anything. In the same way, eBay is merely a platform, but they manage to offer protection to their users. Interesting read basically you are all fu**ed <url>#21 the update intervall went up to 6 weeks... @creator please refund these people. If you are a UK backer then you can charge back via your credit/debit card company Update please. @Creator Please provide a refund for the $164 that I had pledged in good faith in June 2013. I do believe that there is no future for this product and there are not going to be many apps that are going to be created for this watch as the momentum had died a long time ago. @creator - please, refund my pledge. I'm tired of waiting for your updates. You do not leave the relationship, you do not answer the questions, you've got the money, and you do not need people who donated your project. It took more than a year, and the project only at the planning stage. I do not believe that will be released before the end of the year. You needed to just $ 100,000 to start, my $ 199 will not play the role. I hope for your understanding and speedy solution I was looking forward to developing apps to this watch. Unfortunately i have lost faith in this product, and would like a full refund if possible Chris. @Lloyd, I'm not sure if you qualify as our "big toe" yet, but I am nominating you to be our "squeaky wheel" @Lloyd go for it man stand up for the backers no, you are seeing disgruntled backers take more drastic action and more virulent posts. If you can't see how this is turning out is wrong, I have some swampland in Florida to sell you... This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I see a child throwing tantrums again. Guess we'll see a "This comment has been removed by Kickstarter" message soon... <url>"Your transaction is with your credit/debit card company they will charge back amazon payments or Kick Starter direct. So don't let someone scam you with their lies and false dawns take your money back it is your money." and don't qualify it by it applies only in the UK some folks are likely to get confused since I seriously doubt many are reading this diatribe. And seriously it is only a watch. Oh and didn't you know the US judicial system actual caters to criminals? 8) Roma and Ben got a room and... well, the way the 2 of view love each other, you figure it out. @spaztastic I have mentioned a number of times the difference between uk and the rest of the world if you think it adds value I will also add that to the commentary. The only difference if this does turn out to be a fraud the it would fall under the jurisdiction of the USA as transactions are in US dollars. The penalties imposed by the US are very severe I will add 7 7) it is only a watch and if backers lose their money it doesn't matter @Ben you should preface everything you say with in the UK considering a majority of KS backers are in the states and your commentary does not apply. In the US CC companies only have to offer you 60 days to file for a chargeback. Most give you 120 days but to expect a company to give you your money back over a year later is a bit ridiculous. Some folks in the states might be able to get one based on their relationship with the card company but it certainly wouldn't be the norm to expect one. 7) Ben is obsessed ... it's just a watch So no updates will be made as most detractors wouldn't believe him. I know the question you are all asking "how does Roma know this?" Options are as follows 1) Roma is delusional 2) Roma is Chris 3) Chris tells Roma what to say 4) Chris to Roma is what Jim Jong-Un is to North Korea 5) Roma has pledged for so many "worlds smartest watches" that it's desperation time 6) Roma is talking bollocks Please vote now REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND...REFUND... Roma about 6 hours ago: "... would make no difference to MOST DETRACTORS because they would choose not to believe it" Er Roma what you said doesn't make said. In an earlier post you said Chris won't post an update because no one will believe him and this post you say majority of people want Agent so on that basis shouldn't Chris post an update? Or are you talking bollocks? If you require a refund: Don't get your hopes up if you're not in the UK Don't worry about the majority of people who still want their AGENT Don't use Kickstarter or any other crowdfunding platform again @Marco, The Moto 360 looks nice for Android users who don't mind what is apparently a proprietary charging solution. Says it has a plastic back (!) which hints at Qi yet also mentions a dock. If it does need a dock that would be a retrograde step. @Josh, $150. What is the HOH Discount? If you require a refund you should apply to your credit/debit card company. Please note the following:-. Creator will not give you a refund as they are not required to and do not feel morally obliged to, Kick Starter will not give you a refund as they consider their job is done when the pass the money on. This is true if creator decides not to do any work on the project, in other words continually delay a project, state delays to timeline and even eventually stop. Your transaction is with your credit/debit card company they will charge back amazon payments or Kick Starter direct. So don't let someone scam you with their lies and false dawns take your money back it is your money. @creator you are not going to hell, you are going to have one on earth, because of the frequent updates and an awesome product you promised. Yup still delayed with no end in sight, for a product that is already obsolete... refund please. That looks like the worlds smartest watch to me Meanwhile, in the real world... <url> in any case we also have some Italian saying that perfectly conveys what you think :-) @Roma: the creator can think whatever he wants, but considering the way the project has been handled so far, I dont really think he is in a position to feel offended by the way the backers consider his words or decide to believe him or not. Your reply shows once more that you are strenuously defending the creator for only God knows why, but I dont want to question that: everyone here has his/her own opinion. As far as Im concerned, I decided to wait for this latest update (as I wrote) and see whether the creator is (eventually) able to convince me and every other backer that we can still hope to get our reward. Giving him the benefit of the doubt for 8 months (and counting) is enough, dont you think so? @Marco Morbin. Was that an answer? So apparently creator doesn't say anything because no one will believe him, on that basis creator will never post an update then. In the UK we have a saying that covers that answer. "What a load of bollocks" @Marco, Apparently anyone can ask anyone anything they want. And anyone can answer or not. I choose to answer you. If I was creator I would say something along the lines you suggest but I would realise it would make no difference to most detractors because they would choose not to believe it. And it wouldn't change your own mind if the next Update did not meet your own as-yet-unstated expectations. tumbleweed @Roma: Im a backer and this is the first time I write. I havent requested a refund (yet), so I think Im entitled to ask you the same thing Ben is apparently not allowed to: would it be so difficult for the @creator popping up on this forum by saying something along the lines of Sorry everyone, I know you are mad and think your money is lost, but rest assured that youll get your reward as soon as possible? I dont want to be one of those crying or threatening, but after reading tons of comments on this forum I cannot help but agree with most of the people that think this project has no future. New more modern and more performing smartwatches are coming out and it looks like AGENT is destined to fail. Its specs could be acceptable 8 months ago, but comparing them to the most recent items within this field it is now outdated. Im no technological expert, I admit it quite honestly, but I think most of the people agree on that. I also think that so many here are pissed off not only because they think its money went down the drain (with Kickstarter can happen), but because the @creator is not doing anything to show his good intentions towards his backers and the project itself. We all gave our money believing we would get a reward, something tangible, not an idea or a vision. With items like this, timing is of the essence: there can be a delay of 2/3 months, but after 8 or more months without providing the audience with what you promised, well Im sorry, but you failed. Im willing to wait for the very few days you were referring to in your post regarding the @creators update, but if after that we are given another of his full-of-useless-info messages which doesnt fulfill our expectations, I will consider this project officially dead. Don't forget if you want a refund just apply to your credit/debit card company to do a chargeback. You do not need to ask the creator for a refund or his scam partner either You seem to make comments on anything else I say. It must be because you are part of the scam Roma doesn't answer questions from people who have no right to ask them. @Roma. I am also interested why Chris can not even place a holding comment to the effect of something like " I am aware of what is being being said but please be rest assured your money is safe and I will be posting an update on ..,," Or do you think that is unreasonable. This will be a big test for you to try and give an even handed response without sounding like a spokesperson for Chris. @Roma I would expect nothing less from you. Do you really consider me a scam artist? Ben Baskaran is a scam artist and a cheat for commenting here since he got his money back. How's that for balance? And another fine and balanced response @Lloyd, I see the light. Praise The Lord. Alleluia. I now see there is nothing at all wrong with you saying "@creator is a scam artist and a cheat". Perfectly fine. In a public forum. In the land of the free. And the brave. <url>"b.s." That's just bullshit. BTW do you really think Creator, who owns and runs a successful and highly regarded business in the tech industry and is extremely well connected (Google Scott Hanselman), would run away with $1m and go down in history as perpetrating one of the top $ Kickstarter scams ever? You think he's too stupid to know that his reputation in the tech world would be tarnished beyond redemption? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. The sad thing is due to all the silence from the creator the community has turned against the product and if there is no community than there isn't going to be any apps and its just going to be a overpriced digital watch. @creator - You ain't helping your products future by keeping so silent. Pleas Post some sort of update @Pekka, Thanks. 19 to go. As for Ben ? below, he's clearly had a few too many ... comments and imbibements. Utterly fewtile. @Roma: I will happily accept the challenge. As far as I remember I have not used words scam or fraud, the specs won't be met and I probably have not said that the watch is a piece of crap. And my prediction is that Agent will not be delivered this year. Or early next year. Nice touch with the Finnish. You should think of that when you pick up the single positive thing among all the negative ones we have heard from the creator. :) Is this (very) times a few days. A few days is between 3 to 4 days,so (very) is the value that needs to be confirmed. So far arguments sake if (very) = 3 the number if days could be 9 to 12. The value of (very) once confirmed will give the answer how long you all have to wait for the next update. (very) few days is rather nebulous. Hopefully, that means this week, but I'm not overly optimistic. Also hopeful it contains information relevant to the status of this project and not a 2,000 word treatise on the science of mold design. @Pekka, So do you want to be the first to take up the challenge? Yes, the Update should be out within a (very) few days. ei yksi psky kes tee @Roma: It will not meet the promised specs. Not only the thickness is an issue but the backlight is as well. From the project page: 1.28" Memory Display (128 x 128) with intelligent backlighting From update 18: Since February we have worked with that team to designmechanically, electronically and opticallya second, traditional backlight. That backlight design is now complete, enabling us to make molds (which we will then use to create production backlights). Oh, the update should be out withing a (very) few days? I'm having a flashback here from time when we were waiting for update #21. :D @Alibek, If so re thickness then I'm one down. A few people here have called it crap, garbage and plastic rubbish, or words like that. Whether or not people keep their promises is up to them. I'll keep mine and I'll be calling people out if they accept my challenge and I'm right on any of the three points. @N.H. Creator checked in. The next Update should be out within a (very) few days. @Ben 2.0, The above was not pillow talk :) @Roma Regarding points #2 and 3 of your challenge. Production watch is bound to be thicker than prototype, and last time I checked, the definition of 'crap' was rather vague. All in all, I miss the times when we had a lively, geeky and an overall coordinated forum towards making Agent a great watch -- and platform. @Creator I hate to say this, but you've lost momentum. Just recall how many people were supporting you before and now. Your silence doesn't help much, given you do have the time to comment on Netduino forums. If you can't (or can't be bothered to) reach us here, then at least reach team BADAR to interact with / leverage on whatever enthusiasm is left with your backers. Zen. This user's account has been deleted. *if any one of my predictions is wrong ... @Everyone, This project should be about AGENT, not Roma. Seeing as how some people seem to think otherwise, I'll put my money where my mouth is. Prediction: AGENT will be received by the great majority of backers this year AND it will at least meet all the technical specifications promised when fundraising AND it will be a high quality and well made product, given the specs. Challenge: 1. If you have said the project/creator is a scam/fraud, will you recant here and apologise for your offensive comments? 2. If you have said the specs won't be met, will you admit you were wrong? 3. If you have said or implied it will be a piece of crap, will you apologise? If any one of my predictions are wrong, I will come on here and apologise profusely and genuinely. Any two wrong and I will donate one of my AGENTs to a charity nominated by Chucky (he's in Australia but a detractor). If all three are wrong, I will donate two AGENTs to Chucky's charity. If 20 or more backers (including, necessarily, Chucky) accept my challenge by the end of August then it's on. I won't count Ben or anyone else who has been refunded by creator or credit card company. It's pissing down rain in Sydney right now so time to catch up with paperwork. Groan. @miguel if you want a refund you will have to charge back through your credit card company Refund please Is the world's agent smartest watch is over and now it's is a fight for refund???? Common how does it work out to throw the puck back like: We have been screwed by romantic and jesus Christ so if you want your refund yall right refund politely on a comment and if we have a third of refund me please comment witch would be 3000 there is a real agent studeing your comment as soon as he got them all they will pursuit the company with interest then will all make a 100$ +are pledge let's do it! @Roma is it. Thanks for telling me ok then I will keep posting @all Roma is not only brilliant at queens English he/she/it is brilliant at counting to 3 and invests in fantastic projects Ben 2.0, the next number after 2 (two) is 3 (three). Just trying to help. I can't be bothered anymore really. I have got my money back the rest if you unless you do a charge back you won't get anything. As for Roma he/she is an apologist for Chris the creator and will always will be. I will keep listing to tell you to get your money back or notify the legal authorities if this scam Numeracy lacks credibility if not enunciated eloquently. Sorry, Ben 2.0, this Roma is not for turning and is quite satisfied with his/her pledges purchased from four very nice backers. I think Chris is enjoying this and @Roma are you an expert on "the queens English" I acknowledge your numerous skill sets as well as knowing what a smart watch is you are an expert in the English language. You are still on strike 2. Is that articulate enough or do you want me to explain what I mean. I don't mind if you are having a problem understanding I will explain it in a way you could possibly understand Strike 2 ... although I am a sucker for someone from the UK who is articulate and employs good grammar and punctuation. I think they call it the Queen's English. Sorry I still can't help you. Strike 1 I only deal with nice people. @Roma yes you are right this is a different Ben would you like to buy a really smart watch? It is actually the worlds smartest I kid you not Must be a different Ben. The other one was nicer and more articulate. This is a scam. You have alike been ripped Chris and Roma are enjoying your moneu @roma. You are a very sad individual. Yes I said I would not post unless you made derogatory remarks to me in fact I gave you three chances but you couldn't stop and now about the scots wow you really are a total for for this scam project. In fact are you Chris's wife? Is this a different Ben from the one with no right to post here and who wrote a note promising not to except to advise anyone requesting a refund? Or is it yet another UK promissory note broken? No wonder the Scots want out. @Roma are you saying this project is basically the same as the project you sent a link to? @Simon, There are 1,256 Kickstarter projects with "world's" in the title. You know ... world's best/first/nicest/longest ... Speaking of which, this was among them <url>"One AGENT smartwatch with Qi wireless charger" @ $179 + $15 delivery for outside of US... @Matthew, That's right, but please don't tell Backer Chris. We don't want to make him look silly. Hang on, you are a member if staff, just not SL staff! Wow Roma. So the whole or BADAR are employees then? @Matthew, No, I am honestly a member of staff. Someone's staff. Chris is correct, as usual. @matt if you are in the UK do a charge back the updates tell you this won't happen. Despite all the negative postings when does the creator come on here to defend his position or put anyone at ease. He has trousered $1 million dollars and there is no come back Would be great to have an update and a truthful shipping date estimate, I think you owe us that much. As I live in the UK I could get my money back easy but I want to see this through to the end. @creator Update time? When it will be shipped? Sarcasm @Roma? You won't be getting your watch. Creator can't even be bothered any more to defend himself anymore (typical of a millionaire). @everyone charge back now @Chris, I can't stand this any longer. Yes, I am a member of staff. Sorry everyone :( @chris whatever happened with your chargeback? Has nobody yet realised that roma is either the creator or a member of staff? @N.H. Agreed. I have just messaged Chris and put the hard word on him. @Richard H, Thanks. Interesting comments about assembly and quality at about 11-14 minutes in. @Michael, Is what true? Is what officially confirmed? @Roma, any idea when we will be getting our next formal update. It is overdue, again ! If you happen to speak to Chris can you please convince to post an update immediately. Thanks... This user's account has been deleted. So if what Michael say is true do you all get refunds or will Chris remain in Hawaii having a good tjme Sources ... This project is over? Is it true? Officially confirmed? So when's the update? @Lloyd, Sorry to go AWOL. At JFK now waiting for SL Learjet to fly me back to Sydney. My jewel-encrusted loan AGENT 002 goin' great. Holograph function is fantastic. Promised 90 day battery life bodes well for next version. I had a read of KS T&C's and there died not appear to be any real due diligence. As I have stated before this appears to be a classic rip off and in my opinion KS should also be held accountable for. As I have stated various times I have managed to charge this back via my credit card company and as many of you should also do this. Cue @Roma to make apologies for creator. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This user's account has been deleted. Press release of a company Chris founded being purchased by Leviton. I doubt he's personally hurting for cash. <url>"worlds smartest watch" into production then I could buy it. But instead it looks as though the money has gone into his bank account so he can play at secret labs. The developers seem to have given up as well so the apps are vapour. That isn't failure of a business spaz. That is fraud. If we're never going to get our watches can we at least get the chargers so I can resell on eBay and recoup a few bucks? @Ben Baskaran yes, it would be taxed as income. One would assume that he would also be deducting his expenses to reduce his tax liability. This is a question for you guys in the USA. What are the tax implications of the creator getting $1 million dollars, would he at least have a tax liability on this? For 1.5 years ago, Agent smart watch smart but today it looks a little old and out spec is no longer up to date. Instead, see this Samsung <url>~$1000 KS Share x% (some percentage) Total Profit for the @creator ~$1MILLION. Good Work. KS has been very kind to you, made you a Millionaire in about 1.5 months. With all the hard earned money from us, I hope you are having a blast spending it. Pls share pics from your vacation spending our money. Atleast we could see how our sweat and blood in making that money has working out for you... I guess, the backers will be very happy to see that update, since the product is already fucked up. Other than a KS project not raising funds how common is it for a KS project to close without anyone receiving what they expect Update please Agent Forms no post from Chris since may 6th, Netduino He posts every single day... I wonder where our money went....... @ Chris Creator HOH Secret Labs... Please show us(with pictures) what has been accomplished and a detailed list of what tasks need to occurs and honest estimate times for those tasks. Please and thank you. I do not really expect or watch or refund my money This project is a scam Wow, it is still the usual bickering here... Insanity is when you keep doing the same thing and expect a different result. Believing this is the place to solve the delay problem is insanity, same for refund. Me I just let go, I don't have a cash crunch and these guys reputation is pretty much dead in the water. If I ever get it, I'll be happy and I hope it will be usable. But for God sake, it would be nice to come here once in a while and not read @ben @dan @roma @spaztastic babling about refund, no refund, right to post or not. @creator did post something a few days ago, I had to go through 2 pages of bickering to find it. Move on. @Roma, you tried to keep us informed, great initiative, but right now it is just putting oil on the fire. Piece of advice, stop defending @creator. Facts are blurry and nothing can be confirm, creating hope where there is none for it is wrong and just feed the trolls. Actually that should have been @matthew. For as much money as ks is taking in you would think we could get an edit function. @Ben wasn't the law you're referring to written in the 70s? Here in the states the law is way behind technology. I wasn't saying there is anything wrong with consumer protections but there are cases where a law generates unintended consequences/results/usage etc. People knowingly gave a stranger money in the hopes of receiving a reward many months (or years) down the road. If you want to remove the risk either preorder or wait until it becomes available to the public. If I knew then what I know now would I plunk down 200 bucks? Hell no. But chargebacks aren't free and somewhere along the way someone pays the bill. That usually translates into higher fees/rates and in this particular case could end the project before a watch is ever produced if amazon goes after him for a large enough sum of money. US consumer protection laws go with FTC and the state. From what I've read, most states have consumer protection laws says that the product must be as described and be provided within acceptable time frame. The biggest question we face today is whether your state would consider kickstarter backers as consumers. That is why I'm very happy that there is at least one case in the state of Washington and many more complaints filed. I wish the states would hurry up and set the rules, so the more complaints the better. I'm just don't my civil duty. While this project isn't as bad as many others, this project is one of higher priced rewards. So should enough complaints be filed, this might be interesting. Sorry, I can't in any way believe we'll see delivery this year. Based on the timeline shared a couple updates ago, they are now several weeks behind due to the samples snafu. Given there has been zero indication of parallel work stream paths, I suspect the start ship date has similarly shifted. Maybe in the next update, when it eventually comes, creator will prove me wrong with the updated timeline I'm sure he'll include, but I'd lay odds against. Matthew is correct on uk consumer law but sometimes the law is interpreted differently when it comes to distance selling. In the kickstarter scenario it is amazon payments who the credit card company deal with. In the UK if you buy anything even with cash if you out at least put 100 on a credit card then the whole transaction is covered by the credit card company. And Roma? Enjoying you HOH watch? @Matthew, That's a good post. In that case of a Kickstarter project, who's the supplier that the credit card company vetted? It can't be the project creator because it's Kickstarter who approves a project being posted here. It can't be Kickstarter because the backers' money goes directly to Amazon Payments. So is Amazon Payments the supplier? If so, they must wear the cost, rather than the creator, because there seems to be no contractual relationship between the creator and Amazon Payments. Would that be correct? "Btw Ben is somewhere in the uk where their laws do a better job of protecting crybabies. Not so much here in the states." Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act fits exactly the situation that backers find themselves in - it binds the credit card company and the supplier that they vetted together, so that if there is a failure to deliver, they are held jointly and severally liable. So, if you paid for a car on your credit card and the dealer runs off with your money, the credit card company is liable for the refund. If you order a watch which is due to be delivered in a few months and a year later there is no sign of it, then you are within your rights under UK law to ask for your money back. In the same way, UK law gives you the right to cancel the order for any good purchased over the Internet at any stage from when it was ordered through to seven working days after it was delivered. The final major plank of UK consumer protection law is the Sale of Goods Act, which states that the goods must be as described, of satisfactory quality and fit for purpose. Anything which fails on one those criteria can be returned for a refund, within a reasonable time period. So if, for example, you order a watch which says it will be the world's thinnest watch, and due to manufacturing difficulties the watch is now significantly thicker than the specification, you would be entitled to a full refund under UK law because it differs from the description. It's nothing about being a crybaby, just having reasonable consumer protection law. If your country doesn't have such a thing, then that's a shame, but if someone wants to avail themselves of the law which is available to them, I don't see any issue with that. So ... where are we? Alex can count. Lloyd's into bodily functions. Daniel advises unadvisedly. Spaz attempts logic. Brent Roberts invoked. Roma seeks the truth. Ben? Who's that? Only in Kickstarterland ;) I just am shock to see @Roma has backed 12 projects and has over 1,000 comments... someone must like reading their thoughts Face up to reality Roma reminds me if comical Ali of Iraq This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. And if we're advocating that folks with no skin in the game should still have a voice then I nominate Brent Roberts to come on back. At least he was entertaining. @daniel I see you still haven't learned what a troll is either. @daniel sarcasm is lost on you my friend. Do I need to explain to you when telling someone sure you can go do a chargeback but your a tool in the process that I am not advocating such actions. Insurance money? Please enlighten yourself about chargeback processes and never complain about cc high interest rates. Btw Ben is somewhere in the uk where their laws do a better job of protecting crybabies. Not so much here in the states. You've got a limited amount of time and that ship has sailed. Anyone getting a chargeback from a us credit card company should consider themselves lucky. Ben has as very much a right to be here as those who trolls other projects for $1. Pretty sure the creator here still received all that money, and it's the credit card's insurance money now paying off. So Ben still contributed more to this project then the $1 trolls. It's also hilarious that you whine about folks whining, tell them to shut up, and just go apply for credit card chargebacks, and when they do apply you whine about that too. Hypocrisy runs high here. I'm glad that not only could you get a chargeback, you can also file consumer protection complaints. I'm really glad that people can voice their opinions, positive or negative. That's my take here. Aside from asking people to be civilized, I'm not advocating for folks to do or not do something; I'm merely telling folks what their options are. +1 on Alex's comment Just because you aren't paid to be an unofficial official representative or ambassador does make you not an official unofficial ambassador or representative. See what I did there? Deny all that you want, but you are the mouthpiece that is representing this project now, and thank goodness that you're painting SL & HoH in a bad light... Greatest kickstarter scam ever. @Matt, I honestly think it will be this year ... at least for the majority of them. They aren't going to be assembled on a big factory production line (and I see that as a strength of this project) and I don't see them being churned out at at a rate of more than several hundred per week. I have no inside knowledge about assembly rates and am basing that last bit purely on their original estimates of about 2,000 per month. Please don't tell Ben any of this ;) I don't believe we will see the Agent this year , October / November seem a bit optimistic to me. @Ben, Sorry but I'm not answering questions about the project from you as you have no right to be on here asking them. @roma now I am after strike 3. I will now continue to comment on your nonsensical ramblings. So @Roma when do you think these backers will get their watch 2014? @Alex, I've never claimed to be an ambassador of or for anyone or anything. @Ben, you still here? @Roma strike 2 @Roma every since you have became an "ambassador" you have told us nothing new and still comment 5-10 a day and tell others not to comment, have productive comments or stfu yourself, please and thank you... @Creator Please Give US a projected schedule of completion dates/ goals.............. @Ben, Broken your own undertaking already? Didn't even last an hour. @roma. However I do reserve the right to come back at anyone who makes a pi55 taking comment. Take that as strike 1 Sir Galahad rides off into the sunset. More like Sir Rodney without the id. @all so that @roma and @spaztastice don't blow a gasket on me posting here. I will not post on here unless anyone mentions a refund then I will articulate how to do it. So that those two can stay happy with their rose tinted glasses I will let them keep on making excuses for creator. But I may feel like posting in January 2015 when people may still be waiting for (drum roll) "THE WORLDS SMARTEST WATCH" This user's account has been deleted. So much hate in kids these days. @Ben oh dear. It seems reading comprehension is doing you no favors. I bring up pebble when others are pebble is awesome agent sucks. I have no idea if and when we will actually see a product but this whole fiasco runs parallel with what occurred with pebble. Their product out the door left a lot to be desired and plenty were shipped doa, glue everywhere, torqued screens, etc. people gloss over history. SSDD. And as for not acknowledging issues.... Did you not even read my last post and actually the last several I've posted have not been glowing. I'm just as po'd as everyone else and have called bs on a few of the things posted by creator. I however, will not apologize for not crying into my cereal and demanding a refund and for thinking the people who do are a bunch of whiny babies. @Ben, Still here? As a backer, I've got the right to express my opinions. So have other backers. You aren't one of us so you might do the right thing and disappear. #refund So while @roma and @spaztastic go on about the failings of pebble which did deliver, they use that as a defence for the failings of agent. It's laughable really you two are turning into apologists for @creator and not acknowledging the issues and worries many backers are saying. @Lloyd P.S. did you mean "delicate" or "defecate"? Maybe you changed your mind halfway through the sentence. @spaztastic, Spot on re Pebble. Their broken promises were legion, starting right from launch where the the legendary video had the CEO saying Pebble "works perfectly with iPhone and Android smartphones". Try telling that to iPhone users with massive bluetooth stability problems until iOS 7 came out 9 months after the first Pebbles rolled off the line. Google "pebble finger dance". @Lloyd, As said before, I love that you backed what you now call a "fuggly" watch. Time flies when you're having fun! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Richard, I haven't heard of any change to that timing, This user's account has been deleted. @Ben Actually I bid you adieu before Roma did. You have no reason to be posting here and your logic to justify your refund by going through "back" channels is astounding. But hey in your words you saved creator the 10% Amazon/KS took so aren't you just swell. @Daniel Ah I see creator hasn't gotten annoyed with you yet to give you a refund. Keep trying my friend. @Chris Spot on. I'm sure we'll hear some bs excuse lost in translation (language and cad software) blah blah blah. No excuse not to have it done. And the fact that the validation samples aren't the actual size is mind boggling. And whomever referred to Pebble as a KS success project... rose colored glasses my friend. Go back and read the comments before they delivered both here and on their forum. There were plenty of people screaming for their head for lack of communication, vaporware, etc. As for wanting to have tech before it's out to the general public.. Pebble started selling watches in Best Buy before they had even filled all their KS orders (that includes some black backers who were still waiting for theirs). Just goes to show you that you can be a total arse here and have zero effect on your overall business. One thing people need to remember is most business ventures fail. Why would you expect KS projects to be any different is beyond me. After the potato salad venture and all the copycats can anyone honestly believe KS will do anything to vet a project? @jafrederick I sure hope it's not going to get to Christmas 2015. Current timetable is September/October 2014 (IIRC), but I'm not betting on that as it's already near mid-August. But it's silly talk to say Christmas 2015... did you get the year wrong? @Matthew Lawrence I sure hope HoH will have some kind of backup plan in place just in case. @Ben Baskaran Fight on, my brother! Power to the backers! Has anyone looked at the specs of the new Meta M1 watch (actually shipping in September/October)? This looks to be the most similar in specs watch compared to the Agent, with the same 1.3" screen. You think Chris (@creator) could sell them his "advanced power management tech" and increase its battery life to 7 days "minimum standard"? No horse has been harmed in the making of this post! One positive aspect of the Meta M1 watch is that it did prove to us that the Agent if released today would still be very much "current gen." So it is not last gen like many here have complained, but we were sold on it being next gen. Like I said before, there's a difference between a little bit late and way late. This project is in the latter category, and had I known I wasn't going to get this watch by June 2014, I wouldn't have gotten it. Ingo: I do not think any anger should be aimed at HoH! It should be solely aimed at SL. @Ingo. Apply to your credit/debit card company for a charge back, that is what i did and managed to get refunded. I was silent for so long. I am really angry, disappointed and sad. I want my money back. Just tell me how to get a refund! I did not spend my money for any smartass, but for "the smartest watch". What is there to expected today? Nothing ... or at best ... the smartest watch of the second last smartwatch generation. Shame on you HoT and (much too) Secret Labs! @Roma. I will continue to comment no one other than you is complaining about this. Look around you and see the comments from other backers they are rightly completely pi55ed off with the lack of updates and when they come they are of a quality that does not feel that creator is in control. As @Chris quite rightly says about the drawings. It is really just not good enough and while you keep siding with the creator and make various apologies without facing reality, this is a very poor project and when people get their "smartest watch in the world" they are going to be immensely disappointed. @creator WHERE ARE THE PHOTOS I ASKED FOR??? HOW HARD IS IT TO UPLOAD A PHOTO TO FACEBOOK???? HOW HARD IS IT TO COMMUNICATE IN ONE LINE??? I return every couple of days to more & more disappointment. @creator You say: "We are coordinating for an update, for drawings of the final proposed fixes, etc. in the next few days. " I'm sorry but its taking you days to get drawings and not samples? It should take a day tops for drawing changes, load into CNC machine, mill and deliver. Your update was 5 days ago, if you pulled your finger out you'd have a sample made already. @Alibek, The way it seems to work is that if creators refund anyone, Kickstarter boots them out. If credit card providers refund anyone without being compensated by creators, Kickstarter doesn't act. I'm betting that as of now Ben will get his AGENT and his credit card company will have paid for it. Seems unfair to me. @Ben, You have no skin in the game i.e. nothing to lose ($1 or $199). So you do not belong to this community and should not be commenting here. @Matt, I hope Creator firms up on the dates in his next Update. Meanwhile recent commenters here are saying (with surety) Christmas 2015 or 2016 at the earliest. Yes, it's all unfounded speculation. So when are we getting these watches then, is there a date? The Agent has officially lost the war for my wrist. I purchased the Martian Notifier and am very happy with it. It looks great, timepiece/smart functions are on separate batteries, and is elegant with it's notifications. It will take a significant upgrade to make me change it out. The Agent is not it. Quite bluntly, I have lost faith in @creator's dedication to this project. Mind you, I have full faith in his dedication to Netduino, but that's not what I backed. The way this project is being handled indicates that this is a pet project that is fit in where possible. This does not have the passion. Maybe @creator is feeling defeated by the setbacks, who knows. One of my main concerns is that this product will be outdated when it gets here Christmas 2015, as well as different than advertised. No manner of showboating can hide the fact that different components means different product. You can't put sausage on a pizza and call it a pepperoni pizza. It's still a pizza, but it's still not the same thing. Unless I missed something (very possible with the sketchy communication), the extensive tests that were done with the original components have not been done with the backlight. Until those are done, we don't know what we're getting. Battery life could be the same as the LGF, could be better, could be worse. The point is, we don't know. We can't assume without the testing. The other thing is communication. The commitment to timely monthly updates is no longer valid. The minor updates don't contain very much information. The major updates are vague as to the actual progress of the watch. @creator says there are more issues with the cases, but don't provide a solid plan and timeline to resolve it and finish the rest. Team BADAR is ineffective, as the majority of the communication has either been "Well, I talked with him today and he said things are lining up for an update" or attacking any dissent. The original collection of questions for answer by Roma was great, but the "unofficial official spokesman" role has devolved into attacks and utter dismissal of any questioning. That being said, I am thankful to this project for a couple things. First, for helping me figure out what I'm looking for in a smartwatch. Agent wasn't it, but through the process of all this, I figured it out. Also, I figured out how much I dislike crowdfunding. I don't believe it's truly a mature platform yet. You have great successes, like Pebble, but you have equally great fiasco's like Agent. Until the fiasco's (like Agent that aren't truly ready for prime time) can be weeded out or have better protections in place, it won't be a mature platform. Instead of being excited for the reward, now I have to figure out how to get rid of it. Argh. Oh well, I bid adieu to this project, and that $150. @roma. I will comment until I am not allowed to. My comments are never inflammatory and are very straight forward usually around the legality of getting refunded. Based on how you view this, should comments be graded on the basis of how much you have backed i.e. if you have asked for two watches you can comment more than someone who has backed one, and those only pledging a dollar have even less right to. However, I will say a bit more. I have so far backed many projects on KS I do this so I can get my hands on cool tech before others do and at a favourable price. The reason why I asked and got my refund was because if the following. I sincerely believe agent will be completed but not till 2016 at the earliest when it comes out it will be a poor smart watch in the market place and will certainly be overpriced to comparable smart watches. Even now china are selling smart watches that have many useful functions. When agent comes out it will not be the worlds smartest watch. @Roma Unless explicitly indicated in Kickstarter TOU, Ben has a right to comment here. Getting reward is up to Chris and, after all, he was honest about his CC chargeback. FWIW Ben has only exposed himself, whilst letting others get refunded, stay quiet and exploit the system. I really hope that this project gets completed and delivered ASAP or a refund be provided as an option to the backers. This was the first project that I backed on Kickstarter and this was the project that introduced KS to me. Now with the 100 odd projects that I have backed, I have received a lot of rewards and the much recently funded Neptune Pine smart watch which was funded during the end of December last year is now sending out rewards to its backers in a mere 7 months and I should also be getting one of those really soon. Neptune had provided refunds to those who requested them and closed the refund window at a specific date. Please follow this and provide us with a simple web form to fill out if we want a refund. @Ben, To repeat myself, if you have been refunded then you have no right to comment here. Just because you can does not mean you should. Please stop. I personally can not see how creator can give a full refund. Assuming both amazon and kickstarter take a %age for every $ paid how much does creator make, and if he refunded in full all those who ask for it his financial position would become untenable. The best way for a refund is to ask your credit/debit card company that way creator will only be deducted the amount he received which is more fairer. @Chucky, I know what you're saying. I'm saying that it's simply Creator's call. I, like you, think he's made the wrong call. I believe that refunds are a threat to the project and I want the AGENT watches I'm due, so it's not in my interests for any refunds to be given. This user's account has been deleted. @Chucky, Do you agree that going by the Kickstarter rules, Creator is not obligated to refund anyone because there is no real indication that he can not complete the project? If you agree with that, then it's totally his call. If I was Creator, I doubt I'd refund anyone. I'd ask Kickstarter to block comments by the most rabid of the mad dog backers who are grossly violating their own obligation under the KS rules to "Be respectful and considerate" when commenting here. This user's account has been deleted. @Chucky, maybe another one too? Brent Roberts has disappeared off the scene here but, judging by this and other projects, I suspect he'll haunt Moment in a serious way when they fail to meet expectations. Another way of looking at it is that Creator's done this place (and us) a favour by getting rid off people who constantly yell, threaten, abuse, scream their tits off and generally behave like toddlers on a bad day. I think this is a nicer place now that those guys don't come and drop their dirt everywhere. It'll be even nicer when Creator announces that AGENT assembly has begun! This user's account has been deleted. @Nick, No need to worry. I've been called worse than (half) a pointy stick before. This Roma's not for turning. :) <url>"1.28" Memory Display (128 x 128) with intelligent backlighting" Perhaps if the project kept to the proposed specs there would not have been a lost 6 months or so. There have been a couple other straight up lies and misdirection from the project team on a couple of occasions, but I'll write that off as enthusiasm. @Christopher, Meant marathon perhaps? My aim is to try to improve communications about AGENT, not refunds. @christopher. A telethon? That's usually done for charity. Creator a charity? @Creator just rejected my (first) request for a refund. And compared his project to a Telethon. @Roma, as one of the first to support you as a liaison, perhaps you'd do me the favor of asking Creator to expound on that comparison. ...that they aren't very good (kickstarter really needs an edit function for correcting premature posting). roma has confirmed there is a project manager working on this but to be honest, from the lack of any schedule updates and (at least what can be inferred from what little information does get posted) the lack of adequate mitigation and parallelisation of tasks leads me to believe t Some of the demands I see in comments are amusing. However, if there is even a part-time PM working this now, then a simple project plan is probably due to the backers. I didn't pledge for one, but is the charger done? Photo photo photo a video would be great to! Do it for the 5600...backers So, from the previous update and from the mini update we can conclude that the manufacturer is A++++, left a great impression of their workmanship, yet they screw up basically every part of the fit validation samples plus don't deliver the paid third sample even though it should be ready. Birds of a feather flock together? I would like to see the revised schedule in the next update, not just words about how there is a week delay here, two week delay there. No, I'm not expecting to get Agent this year or even early next year. Too many "unfortunate" delays with things which were supposed to be taken care of companies with a good track record as Roma would put it. It would be nice to see how long those few, who still believe in this project, will continue keeping up their positive spirit. I admire them because I have lost my faith a long time ago. @Creator listen just post some pics here or on facebook. Let us know your actively doing things. Let it be from low quality blackberry phones or iphones, whatever. Just do something other than talking about it. Just writing words with no backup of pics is what is demotivating to me. I've been waiting a while and I still want to wait for a bit more. But you gotta give something back soon. How hard is it to take a pic and upload it on facebook or something, seriously 13 year old girls are used to doing that, why can't you? And don't tell me to wait for an update, coz most of them have huge write ups and not many photos before the July update. And no I don't consider graphs and charts photos of the actual product. /rant kthxbye! @Michael ... water off a duck's back. You too can get compensated like I did ;) @spaz, thanks. I keep meaning to take photos and will do soon. The Bedlam is rated at 10ATM and it does have a screwed-down backcase. It weighs 120gm and is 13mm deep. A hefty watch with a very thick leather band. I don't think I'd want something any heavier on my wrist. I do like it very much but don't wear it as my daily drive because I love getting notifications on my wrist. I can't wait to get this bloody Pebble off and don my AGENT! This user's account has been deleted. @michael you could have also taken advantage of HoH offer. Ben has been refunded and is no longer a backer. He no longer has any legitimate right to post here and should be removed by creator post haste. @Roma. You took advantage of HoH coupons. You've been compensated by creators. Do you really think you still have the right to comment here? @Ben, you said you were refunded. Do you really think you still have the right to comment here? I have invested in 25 KS projects (including pebble) most are delayed but without a doubt this is the worst for updates and keeping to timelines. Worst Kickstarter project yet for backers, Best Kickstarter Project yet for the creator. So many lost their money, one person made a lot of money.. Great Story.... @Lloyd, You disparage the appearance of AGENT as a 1980's Casio design yet you backed it in 2013. You say it died before it left the drawing board yet you backed it after it left the drawing board. Were you unwell about a year ago? Has the time not come for backers where we should be treated respectfully. Give us a deadline for delivery of the watch. We have supported this project and have received nothing but promises and estimated delivery times are been exceeded..........sad story @Matt, Team BADAR is lurking. Creator is making preparations for AGENT assembly. I recently suggested that an Update here on Kickstarter would be good. What happened to team BADDAR....Any update will do. The next update will not be now I expect until the middle of the month because there has been more case delays. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. They don't answer your pms? They are more responsive on other platforms. I had no problems to reach SL via their customer support on amazon. <url>"states" it supports Windows Phone but there's no sign they're HW partners with Microsoft... it's just in up in the air. This really isn't interesting to me anymore. I have seen some discussion of reselling your reward slot, which I am considering doing (at a discount, of course). Is there a generally accepted process for doing that? I'm afraid AGENT is getting more and more irrelevant by the minute. Even HP is releasing a fashion smart watch. Nothing about price, but had it supported Windows Phone I'd be seriously interested. Agent is still the nicest looking smart watch with multiplatform support. <url>: USB Flash Drive with Lightning for iPhone and iPad <url>#18) And now: July 16 2014 - still stopping at molds work. (See update #21) I think they are hiding more bad things. Just I want to get my stolen money back. Working watch....should really check before posting...bloody Swype. Hopefully we will see a worrying watch soon :-) based on the previous 14 months, I suspect we will get a bunch of updates within the week. We're a couple weeks out from the last update; is there any good/bad news to report Here we are - nearly august now and still no watch. At this rate the "smartest watch" will be a museum piece. It does not help the level of trolling on this forum but - I find the situation with SL and HOH shameful considering how much was raised. The set backs and delays have always been met by poor excuses. It would seem that despite a million bucks they haven't spent money on project management or supply chain management correctly. Ideally I want my money back please @creator - I can now go to a host of suppliers and get what you promised a year ago. The key to a successful business is timing. You don't appear to grasp this. Here we are - nearly august now and still no watch. At this rate the "smartest watch" will be a museum piece. It does not help the level of trolling on this forum but - I find the situation with SL and HOH shameful considering how much was raised. The set backs and delays have always been met by poor excuses. It would seem that despite a million bucks they haven't spent money on project management or supply chain management correctly. Ideally I want my money back please @creator - I can now go to a host of suppliers and get what you promised a year ago. The key to a successful business is timing. You don't appear to grasp this. Here we are - nearly august now and still no watch. At this rate the "smartest watch" will be a museum piece. It does not help the level of trolling on this forum but - I find the situation with SL and HOH shameful considering how much was raised. The set backs and delays have always been met by poor excuses. It would seem that despite a million bucks they haven't spent money on project management or supply chain management correctly. Ideally I want my money back please @creator - I can now go to a host of suppliers and get what you promised a year ago. The key to a successful business is timing. You don't appear to grasp this. So.... Updates? Tracking info for shipment? Pretty soon the iWatch will be released and this one will go the way of the dodo bird. Here we are - nearly august now and still no watch. At this rate the "smartest watch" will be a museum piece. It does not help the level of trolling on this forum but - I find the situation with SL and HOH shameful considering how much was raised. The set backs and delays have always been met by poor excuses. It would seem that despite a million bucks they haven't spent money on project management or supply chain management correctly. Ideally I want my money back please @creator - I can now go to a host of suppliers and get what you promised a year ago. The key to a successful business is timing. You don't appear to grasp this. And an honourable and heroic fight indeed. @roma You've lost all rights to point fingers at others for trolling a LONG time ago @spaz Fighting for consumer rights is a stupid and uneducated. For that, I apologize to your friends and family... @Joseph. They will no post sales support ... cause nothing will be shipped Every month i heard a minor update, about working on the strap, working on the case, or working on the battery, or choosing the vendor, does this minor take a month to do it? Would the update next month talking about the wrapping? month after next month talk about boxing issue? 2month later talk about choosing a reliable logistic partner? When the creator are free to give some real updates? Do you able to establish a team for post sales support? @spaz, I like an Urban Dictionary definition of trolling: "Being a prick on the internet because you can". You, sir, are not a troll. As for Daniel ... :) @daniel does the concept of backer only updates elude you? I find it rich you calling me a troll while you continue to tout your uneducated legal opinions here in an attempt to get some poor backer to do your bidding which you have gleefully said you'd love to see. That is the very definition of a troll. @Daniel, so let's wait and see. @Roma at your "guilty until proven innocent" comment: You just believe whatever the salesperson tell you? Do you ever do additional research to understand the product that you're buying? We've already gotten misled by the time-frame and SL's level of technical expertise on making a smartwatch, do you not question anything else SL says? What evidence does SL have right now that it'll last 7 and 30 days without also using a larger battery? SL might have some ridiculous power management software that others do not have, but how likely is it? I'm just using knowledge of what we actually know "based on reality." Sure, I'll be surprised and wowed if SL does deliver on that 7 and 30 days promise without the LFG and without going with a larger battery. @spaz... you folks who pay a dollar to troll other projects are... trolls! You can read comments for free already, can't you? Why must you troll them too? @daniel I get access to backer only updates for a buck. It's going to be entertaining soon. Now I'm no expert on flex pcb (only used it a couple of times) but I find it very interesting they have no concerns about the hinge area even though they haven't put it through its paces. If you're backing Momemt or Kairos Smartwatches... well, I have endangered unicorn dust here taken from a dead unicorn from 300 years ago for $500000! Like I said before, the top reason I backed this watch is based on the reputation for SL and HoH. Now, I refuse to do additional business with SL, but I probably won't do business with HoH anyway so that doesn't make a difference. I would say if I were to get a traditional watch, HoH has made the list as I've never heard about them before. But I won't purchase a watch from them until I get this one. Are we getting another update soon , really looking forward to receiving my Agent Smart watch :-) Reposting Chris Jutting's production questions of July 16 so they don't get lost. Second, you say the smart movement has been ready since last summer. Why not go into production with them so they are ready once the watch case is good to go. I assume this is to allow for possible PCB design changes to accommodate any necessary changes to the watch case. Is this correct? Lastly, if the Qi charger is done then why not go into production while waiting for the watch case? It would be one less thing to worry about potentially causing further delays. Would like answers as to why production has not started for finished components/accessories. I haven't read anything about a specific KS creator paying back amazon but that probably isn't something the creator would want to advertise. I just glanced at the link attached on my phone but it appears that amazon may retain some money in their account to cover chargebacks and they will go after the acct holder. <url>"Chargeback") if the transaction (a) is disputed by the sender, (b) is reversed for any reason, (c) was not authorized or we have any reason to believe that the transaction was not authorized, or (d) is allegedly unlawful, suspicious, or in violation of the terms of this Agreement. You owe us and will immediately pay us the amount of any Chargeback and any associated fees, fines, or penalties listed in the Fee Schedule or assessed by our Processor, processing financial institutions, or MasterCard, Visa, American Express, Discover, and other payment card networks, associations, or companies ("Networks"). You agree to assist us when requested, at your expense, to investigate any of your transactions processed through the Service. For Chargebacks associated with Cards, we will work with you to contest the Chargeback with the Network or issuing banks should you choose to contest the Chargeback. We will request necessary information from you to contest the Chargeback. Your failure to timely assist us in investigating a transaction, including without limitation providing necessary documentation within 5 days of our request, may result in an irreversible Chargeback. I admit: A watch that generates you 1 Mio $$ without doing anything ... must be the smartest watch on earth. Great job, @creator. @spaz, let's hope she doesn't end up a lonely spinster. Regarding Amazon Payments going after KS project creators, do you actually know of that happening and succeeding? @roma online dating is a great analogy. Our date is spending too much time getting gussied up and is making us seriously late for dinner reservations. @dennis I seriously don't expect for moment to ever come to fruition. I pledged a buck to watch the insider fireworks in about 7 months. As Roma said KS will never assume anymore responsibility unless it benefits them financially. Supposedly amazon payments goes after creator for a reimbursement of funds. At the end of the day, nothing is free and the costs are absorbed with higher fees and higher interest rates. @Ben, your answer stops at Amazon so we're no clearer as to whether the project creator or Kickstarter ends up copping it. @Roma. In UK you dont have to enforce your statutory rights they are automatically given. For example a motor trader may sell you a car "as seen" with no warranty given or implied but if it breaks down you can seek redress through your statutory rights. Credit card companies will not bear the cost they will charge back in this instance for example my credit card paid Amazon so they will be hit with the charge back. The question is what would Amazon do who did the send the money on to? Would they have sent to the project, a percentage to kickstarter and a slice for themselves. In this instance the consumer and the credit card company will not be in a loss situation but amazon would be, it is then down to amazon how they recoup their loss. @Ben, you've said that before re UK residents. Has any UK resident enforced their statutory rights? If so, has the credit card company borne the cost, the project creator or Kickstarter? My main point is that Kickstarter hasn't yet found to be liable anywhere (that I know of) because it is not a store. I think of it as an on-line dating agency. I can see your argument about withholding money but do you really think Kickstarter will do it? As things stand now in the US (their main market), they never see the money. It goes directly to Amazon Payments who deduct their own fee, pay Kickstarter their 5% fee, and pay the balance to the project creators. If KS has any direct financial relationship with project creators, that weakens the Kickstarter-is-not-a-store argument and drags KS kicking and screaming into lawsuits. I can't see why they'd want to head down that track unless it's to their commercial advantage. @Roma. In the UK the consumer has statutory rights and it is impossible to sign away even if you sign a contract stating that. @Roma. I think KS projects that raise over a certain value should be subject to a form diligence. If a certain figure is passed then a project plan should be submitted and funds released to the project depending on progress. If something happens that they require an early release of funds then they can make a request I the backers who can respond with a yes/no. That way creators will feel the need to engage and keep on track and backers would be part if the journey @Daniel, why do you persist in writing150 words about a spec which you think can not be met with the different backlights? In your world, are people guilty until proven innocent? After all, as spaz says, Moment claims a whole lot more battery life with a whole lot more going on. Might the LGF have achieved double the minimum 7/30 AGENT spec and the fallback solution say a mere 1.3 times? The thing is we just don't know. Yet. You've raised this not-yet-issue several times now. You remind me of an Aussie rock group in the eighties - Not Drowning, Waving. ;) @Chris, what would you suggest Kickstarter's due diligence should cover? Let's take a hypothetical case of a smartwatch project proposed by an experienced and reputable maker of small tech products and an experienced watchmaker with a bricks-and-mortar store in downtown NYC. @Daniel, just because you keep saying backers have consumer rights does not make it so. Unless you accept that Kickstarter's not a store and not an investment then it's not for you. Then again, if you want to just keep on shouting from the rooftops then Kickstarter IS for you. I think that kickstarter should be required to do some due diligence (like uk estate agents are responsible for description) on projects that are asking for above, or receive above, a certain amount. It would have been relatively easy to spot this project was full of holes and easily affordable on the $50k they received from this project. @spaztastic AFAIK Moment is just a concept with few proof of concept demo. Me think it'll be even longer road to travel before those backers will see the light at the end of tunnel Good luck to them... @Daniel So you don't buy this as the reason for the refunds? Andrew Mc Kee about 2 hours ago @Dag, you're lightly touching on what I firmly believe. P3D are pushing as many backers away and into refunds. Upon sufficient refund requests (say,.. 80% of backers), P3D will begin resolving reduced build volume, provide heated build platform, etc. if this prophesy comes to fruition it will lead me to believe P3D simply got a year interest free loan on $1.4mil, seen more potential selling on to non-KS backers, decided to up the ante making KS deal untenable to backers so they could avail of the better price sold to non-KS buyers,.. @Daniel As far as the battery, Moment claims a 30 day battery and it has a lot more going on. <url>"minimum standard" at 7 days with BT and 30 days watchface-only without the LFG? I'll be glad to admit to being wrong if creator can demonstrate his non-compromising technical prowess. The violations of CPA of this project might not be as serious some of the others, but there are good arguments for deceptive practices here. Do I still want to see this watch come to fruition? Absolutely. So, why am I pointing out that people could make a legitimate complaint? Because I would love to see what rights we backers really do have. Recently, Pirate 3D started offering refunds to backers of the Buccaneer 3D printer ($1.4M from a $100K goal) for being excessively late and having to change the printing bed of the printer... Sounds familiar? Out of the 3500 backers, they evidently have around 1000 who wanted a refund (500 folks first, and the next 500 folks later) with majority of backers backing $400, and yet they are still going forward with production. Did they just budget better or something?!? There aren't very many negative comments from people in that project. Hmm... Just saying that SL is killing not only its own reputation but also HoH's. with HoH experience in making watches, I don't understand why Agent having all these issues with watch case. Also, should the case be done parallel with board and electronics at early on? @soaztastic worked out how now I don't get comments immediately I have to leave and come back to see, very strange Whilst everyone talks about the frailties of kickstarter, including me. I normally go for tetchy stuff but here is one which I subscribed to and what I got was stunning indescribable what a wonderful piece of work so I do thank kickstarter for the. The Origin Of Species, Charles Darwin  Evolutionary Edition <url>"Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." Apparently hitting any deadline goal whatsoever is not one of them. Should be able to see it (I can as well), but not comment. Weird, I can see it and am not a backer. @chris. Can't see it unless you are a backer Want to discuss fraudulent kickstarters just take a look at this... <url>~7 months past that time frame, so it's taken 2x the amount of time and we're still not in volume production. I think this is an unreasonable delay; granted, I may not have as much experience with these projects as you. Also, I don't think it was unreasonable to believe the initial timeline would be close especially since HoH is involved. Perhaps I overestimated exactly how much they would be involved. It only feels like you screwed up because of hindsight. I think kickstarter may start to care if enough chargebacks go through, assuming I understand the workings of chargebacks correctly (the bank forcibly reverses the transfer of funds to the merchant - which in this case is ASI Kickstarter). May be difficult to get CC companies to do chargebacks though since we're so far past the transaction date. See if there was an edit button I could have added this instead of making a new comment. I went back and looked at my pledge charges. They all came across as ASI Kickstarter Com. A credit card company could block a charge from them. @Ben Welcome to the Kickstarter world. They built a platform to be the middle man with zero accountability. They will continue in this manner until a court of law in the US holds them accountable. Their terms of use were written by lawyer(s). Now not everything that is written by a lawyer holds up in court but so far (and I'm sure some ambulance chasers of looked into it) no lawyer has filed against Kickstarter. Once someone is successful in getting a judgement against Kickstarter I'd bet you could kiss this all goodbye. Unless they con some insurance company into covering it there's no way they'd assume liability. Do you honestly think they're going to put themselves out on the line to protect people who willingly throw their money to some random stranger in the hopes of getting some project off the ground? How would it possibly benefit them? They are laughing all the way to the bank. Seriously look at this website. You can't even edit a post. What's up with that? They put as little in as possible because where's the return? They are only here to make money period and they've figured out how to print it without doing it illegally. Oh and Amazon payments is separate from Amazon.com (or whatever it is in other countries). It's no different than paypal or google checkout. I am a grownup. I made a grownup decision to plunk down 200 bucks of my money to see this project take off. I knew the risks. I knew the Dec date wasn't going to hold based on other projects I've followed. Am I happy about the state of this project? No. I've commented on my concerns about the hardware. But I made the decision with my eyes open. I'm not going to go act like a little child and whine to my credit card company that I screwed up and I want my money back. @roma Agreed as to kickstarter. I meant that to refer to the creator. I definitely believe he made promises to induce us backing his project. @Ben, me too! I'm not arguing the moral case here, just the commercial one. Up to us to decide whether to back something or not. @Todd, the casino analogy holds in that Kickstarter does not promise or guarantee anything either. More like they're "aiding and abetting" ;) @roma so kickstarters business model has no risk to them they charge 5% so 1m gives them 50,000 no risk and the "investors" pay the penalty for failure. As for kickstarter making a commercial decision I would love 5% of everything but not held accountable @spaz "That's akin to going into a casino, slapping down 200 bucks on the roulette table and when they lose going to the cashier and demanding their money back." No it really isn't. The casino does not promise or guarantee anything in return for someone choosing to spend money at their tables. Here, there was a promise of something in return for our pledges - a watch which we were lead to believe was much further along in the production process than it actually was. That's what the timeline and estimated delivery date did...it lead everyone to believe that we would be receiving a product months ago. Had creator disclosed a potential delay of ~7 months, I doubt this project would have reached this funding level. Also, I don't think anyone invested solely in an idea. We paid for a completed product. Creator did not post this project solely as an idea, and we did not pay solely for an idea. He promised a finished product, and that we would receive a finished product for our payment. Does the right side of this website say "Pledge $xxxx or more This is just an idea, you will receive nothing?" Pretty sure it doesn't. Had he posted this solely as an idea, without anything tangible in return for payment, would you have backed this? If so, please give me your watch so I can sell it to the guy soliciting for whatever amount he's offering. Just throwing this out there as an idea: If and whenever this item ever gets shipped, can't we just refuse shipment and get a refund from our CC company? eBay is a platform trading in existing products. Sellers describe the products' features and condition and they are what they are (or should be). Buyers can check out product reviews and if the condition of the thing they bought off eBay isn't as described, buyers have recourse rights. eBay decided they needed to offer buyer protection to give people confidence using the platform. Turned out to be a great decision. Kickstarter is a platform trading in aspirations. Creators describe what they hope to achieve (and when). Backers can't check out the non-existent rewards. Nevertheless, there seem to be plenty of us who are happy to dive in and take the chance. To be the first? To save 20%? To incubate innovation? Who knows! Check out Moment Smartwatch which is running right now. What truly rational person who wanted a thing like that would think the creator had any reasonable chance of delivering it on spec on time? Why not wait until/if it comes into existence then buy it with all the consumer protection they like? The only reason Kickstarter would strengthen backer protection is if they thought the cost (increased fees) was worth the benefit (increased projects, creators and backers). Kickstarter already charges 5%. I think Indiegogo charges 4%. Kickstarter's protections are already stronger. If increasing KS protections added say another 2% to fees, creators would be more inclined to move across to IGG and presumably backers who are prepared to take on the increased risk compared with KS would follow. So it's a commercial decision for Kickstarter until/unless a court somewhere 1. finds that consumer law applies to crowdfunding and 2. holds Kickstarter liable when projects go off the rails. Buyers should be afforded some kind of protection and if kickstarter or amazon don't do it then the credit card companies will provide it. Let's look at eBay. eBay has purchaser protection and rules without evening getting into PayPal, who actually does the transactions. When a company fails to live to its promises, Kickstarter should allow backers to get their money back if asked, and, if the project creators refuse to do so, then the project should be completely cancelled with full refunds going to everybody. @spaztastic. Credit card companies can pick who they will process transactions with for example websites with dubious content. However in this instance the transaction is with amazon, are the credit card companies going to stop transactions with amazon? I think not. The analogy with casinos does not work because you have no legal protection on stupidity even though people have tried. What is to stop someone starting a kickstarter project with the intention to defraud by promising everything and delivering nothing. I have invested in this project with the belief I would get something irrespective of the small print I expected the worlds smartest watch, I personally believe this will not happen and they may post updates but if and when the watch is delivered I can guarantee it will not be the worlds smartest watch, if it was delivered close to when the original delivery date then it could have been the worlds smartest watch. At the end of the day no one put a gun to anyone's head and forced them to pledge. They and only they took it upon themselves to give a complete stranger money in return for a good that didn't even exist for retail sale. They did not preorder or purchase. They invested in an idea. To go running back to their credit card company saying I'm an idiot but give me my money back is ridiculous regardless of what the laws say. That's akin to going into a casino, slapping down 200 bucks on the roulette table and when they lose going to the cashier and demanding their money back. @Ben Do the credit card companies in the UK have no say so in which businesses are able to process charges on their cards? Also when there are KS projects that raise over a certain amount then KS should release the money in stages according to a project plan @spaztastic. The credit card companies can not do anything about it as it is covered by law under the consumer credit act in the uk. @Ben If enough people continue to do what you're suggesting I would think the CC companies would eventually do something about it. You personally took the risk not them. They just provided a means of payment. It's abuse of the system. You're just going to buy increased interest rates and eventual ban of being able to use kickstarter and websites like it. Nothing is for free. @rick@daniel if the project have gone bust then it is a simple matter if getting your money back from credit/debit card company because that is who your transaction is with (those are the regs in UK) @daniel I can't see how kickstarter could or should be liable. If the are liable, there is no way they could stay in business; they would effectively be acting as the co-signer for every project. This would have to be built into the price, and projects are having enough problems completing. I think it comes down to backers. If KickStarter can't improve the process, we need to take our money elsewhere. Litigation will only help the lawyers. Most of these failed projects that can't refund are broke anyway. So how is everyone enjoying the weather ? @chris jutting I sure hope those backers sue and bring in Kickstarter for not protecting them. If you think AGENT's kickstarter is failing you should give this a read... <url>"scratch-resistant" polycarbonate outer one. What's that thing about lipstick and pigs? I'm taking spaz's position and will stay as quiet as I can while enjoying Brent's reaction to the inevitable. @richard can't see that working. "custom-made curved batteries"? After Pebble and Agent couldn't get completed near their estimates with "watch-like" smartwatches, I can't imagine how that one gets done. @Richard Thanks for pointing that out. I'm gonna pledge a buck to be able to watch that train wreck in all its glory. Brent Roberts has pledged. It's gonna be good. @richard h might use refund from agent to get which will arrive before agent This user's account has been deleted. @Roma I wasn't assuming that. I was assuming since HOH has had a watch manufactured they know how to communicate their plans via models/drawings to have them manufactured to spec. Yes issues can (and do) rise but the fact that they took a part that HOH had specified in two pieces and turned it into three is mind boggling to me coming from a product manufacturing background. @kani, please call the proper authorities and make a report. @spaz, this manufacturer is not necessarily the same as Bedlam's which has double the MSRP of AGENT's. @Roma Wow. If HOH has been active I'm really surprised by what has transpired. Like for example how is the rod this manufacturer made not even close to the HOH rod??? I brought up my concerns about the seal several days ago. Will be very interested to see what creator says about that. The first timeline was: June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds Then creaters re-scheduled: May 15 2014 - backlight molds complete (See update #18) And now: July 16 2014 - still stopping at molds work. (See update #21) I think they are hiding more bad things. I'm sure they can't ship any AGENT smartwatches in 2015. Just I want to get my stolen money back. I meant for you to ask @creator that  @Rick, I don't know. My comment about maybe using a watch repairer was just me speculating. Home page specs say "Designed for repair and recycling including replaceable battery". In any case, the battery should last a long time, given the supposedly advanced power management tech. @roma does the battery need to be professionally replaced? In light of comments about the case backplate, I'm repeating this comment from Creator about AGENT and water. I expect it to survive rain and vigorous hand washing. "Creator Secret Labs + House of Horology on July 31, 2013 @Kristan Broumana, You can dance in the rain with your AGENT watch, wash your hands, and immerse it in water. We won't know the exact ATM until we build the final case molds and test the final seals. No diving though. That's a completely different kind of watch design. BTW, here is a good online resource regarding watch ATM ratings and water activities: <url>" @spaz, HOH has been, and remains, actively involved in the watchcase design. @Shawn, there is a project manager involved. I agree with your comment about backers opening up the watch and I think we/they are much more likely to do so with a smartwatch than a normal one, just out of curiosity. @Brian, I'm going to take your comment up with Creator. Your concerns look very real to my unprofessional eye. @brian, I would be interested in seeing the response to your concerns. HOH said they were impressed with the quality, so I'm hoping they will know how to address any design issues with the back. Guys thanks for the comments, fully appreciated. However, I must say that I also have mid and high end watches, both mechanical and battery. The mechanical I have never needed any professional service other than when I had the front glass replaced due to my own stupidity wearing the watch for work and broke it. The battery models always get a new battery every 12 months even if it's not required. This is a simple cheap job at the local Raymond Weil shop taking no more than 20 minutes and less than $50 including battery and a full cleanup. The only watch I don't take to the shop is my mint 1970's Bulova Accutron which I change the battery myself by unscrewing the little door on the back and swapping out the battery for a new one........takes 5 minutes. Taking into account that a typical 3 point tool is required to remove the back on most screw back watches and at least a reasonable mechanical understanding of how a gasket/O ring (if applicable) should seat on reassembly and how the threaded backplate should be assembled, it clearly is not that difficult to retain the factory and design IP rating merely by using simple tools. The issue is with the Agent watch is that a backplate held in place by only 4 screws will just not assure the required IP rating unless specific procedures are followed for the gasket and the torque settings........on a glass back!!!!!!!! In my professional opinion this design is asking for trouble. @roma. Unless you take a watch to an authorized dealer with the setup to do a pressure test and validate fit, no one will guarantee any level of water resistance post battery replacement. I can already envision the outcry from people who might attempt a battery replacement themselves and either end up with water damage down the road, or who manage to damage the glass backing in the process. In our last exchange I believe you mentioned that this project had a project manager - sorry, I see zero evidence of that based on the latest update, especially in that it failed to include any notion of a schedule update. @spaztastic - I likewise have a Tag (and an Omega and a couple other higher end mechanical watches). The Agent was going to have to be something special in terms of both form and function to compete for wrist time. We shall see if either of those marks are hit, but I can't say I'm optimistic. @Roma perhaps you'd have more insight into this but do you how much HOH is involved still with the case design? From what I gather, it sounded like HOH already had a trip planned to China and did a Chris a favor by visiting the manufacturer. I also wonder if after the initial design HOH did, Secret Labs has been driving the design since. The issues they've had with the case lead me to believe HOH isn't an active participant. Having a watch that requires a watch repairer to replace the battery kinda sucks if that is the case. I was under the impression it was supposed to be waterproof as far as you can wash the dishes but not to swim in. My 100 buck watches I can pop the back case and replace. My Tag on the other hand has to be sent off but I can down 300m in that. @spaz, My Bedlam has arrived but I'm still away. Will report back next week with pics, not that I think it will indicate how AGENT's backplate will be attached. As Creator strongly favours glass, I think it will have screws. @Rick, dead right. It may be that the warranty will be voided if someone other than a watch repairer removes the backplate. I can't speak to the results of making a watch with screws vs anything else. My point was that HOH should, and if they don't - the watch will be terrible regardless of that choice. However, based on their previous work - i think we will be fine. Rick if you look at the back of a HOH watch I don't believe it has screws. I'm waiting for Roma to confirm when s/he gets their watch. I am also concerned about the water seal and lets not forget the battery is supposed to be replaceable so the end user has to be able to put the gasket on properly and torque down the screws enough to seal it but not enough to damage the back glass. The picture also looks like they did a hack job just to get the screws in. I'm going to assume HOH is familiar with making a quality watch. If they aren't, we have much bigger problems than how the back is attached. I can completely believe your watch was flawed, but that is a very small sample size. Looking at the photo's on the last update I cannot understand why in this day and age for this type of watch I see a backplate held in place by 4 screws. I remember being given a digital watch back in the early 80's with a rectangular backplate just the same with 4 screws holding it in place. It was a horrible timepiece that was not even sweat proof let alone waterproof. It would fog up at the fist sign of a cloud in the sky no matter how many times the plate, or the gasket was changed.......... I think this needs to be properly verified and tested before we go any further down the road @Matthew, Sorry I was being lazy. I have now checked your comment on 9 July "...Agent will deliver on the features, specs and quality that we were promised." So do you still believe that now, after Update #21 and Creator's subsequent comments? In other words, is your beef wholly down to the estimated delivery dates being way too optimistic and your perception that Creator lied about how much work had already been done when he launched on Kickstarter? @roma "I just don't get the deviation-from-the-specifications argument" I'm not sure how I can write it any other way, sorry. I can only reiterate what I've said twice - where any project has lied about what is actually delivered, compared with what the creator said would be delivered, the creator should do the honourable thing and offer a refund to those that ask for them. If a project creator knows there will be a significant difference, then I believe they should offer that option sooner rather than later - at least that would save on shipping costs. @Matthew, Yes, only Chris would know the numbers. He hasn't shared that info with me, quite rightly, nor have I asked him. I just don't get the deviation-from-the-specifications argument. Are you talking about the estimated timeline and/or are you talking about what AGENT will be and do? Re the latter, I see nothing to indicate that AGENT won't be as good (or better) spec-wise than we were promised. @Chris the trip to China was paid for by HoH and not out of Kickstarter funds. The way I read the update / Facebook status was that Lawrence was already going and checked out the Agent manufacturer while he was there. That may be my misinterpretation, but I'm sure someone will correct me if I'm wrong. That was a silly comparison. Really... going to compare a monetary pledge to marriage & pledging a lifetime to someone. I want a divorce then, so I can try again with a different watch who will treat me better... I want half too. @roma if giving a refund to a handful of backers who have asked for one breaks this project, then the costing has been so wrong it shows what a flawed estimate the creators made. As Maaz says below, "Is that really going to make or break the project?" - I suspect not, but only Chris would know how many people have asked for a refund out of the 5400 backers. If a project does not deliver what it said it would, then the least a project creator should do is to be honest about it up front, and refund those that want one because of the deviation from the specifications which encouraged people to back in the first place. On the subject of pledges, do marrying couples still pledge "til death do us part"? Wikipedia says that for every 100 new marriages in the US there are 53 divorces (UK:47). Yet people keep doin' it. Makes Kickstarter look good. I was Bobby McFerrin - dont worrt be happy 4 months ago. Now im Slayer - Show no mercy. You dont need to keep using the @ sign btw, kind of obvious who your responding too. @Logan, No, you're not expected to be happy while you're waiting. It's your choice. I like the Bobby McFerrin approach <url>"As an engineer, I empathize with each and every one of these updates, which have been a shining example of honesty and transparency." Not being funny but have I been reading different updates? I appreciate all project experience delays and unforeseeable problems but from my understanding from reading the updates is that the project was not as far along as was indicated in the original description. Great, well done - you've got a watch case that doesn't fit properly (after over a year) and you're spanking our cash flying to china - was it business or first class? I'm missing out on all the "happiness" I could have had many months ago if I went with another watch. Are we expected to keep a clear head and be happy a year or two from now while we wait? This feels like I'm waiting to get my promised Beta Max player when blue ray is already for sale, months ago... Rory about 1 hour ago: (Updates page) "To all those demanding a refund: you are part of what I see to be one of the worst problems we face as human beings. That is, pushing others around with your attitude of willful ignorance and entitlement. Not only are you acting like bullies, but your weakness is glaring, and displayed for the world to see, while you yourself remain unaware. To some extent, our wondrous technological progress is to blame. The marvels of near flawless perfection are abundant, but the years and years of toil and sacrifice made to achieve it are hidden from view. Anyone who has tried earnestly to create something excellent has trodden this road, and knows the size of the heavy rocks which must be achingly moved to achieve their vision. You yourselves have obviously not been able to accomplish this in your lives since your words minimize this noble effort. You have not even learned from the examples of those who have gone before you, showing that you are content to live in the small shell of your world, and point your finger at anything outside, wailing unjust! it when you experience discomfort. As an engineer, I empathize with each and every one of these updates, which have been a shining example of honesty and transparency. I can look into my own life and experience and recognize a trial I have gone through and emerged from stronger and wiser and more understanding. This helps me to acknowledge the true efforts being made here. While there have been mistakes, they are the same ones anyone will make on this path. When you hold your breath, stomp your feet and cry for a refund, at least you encourage me to be a better parent so this behavior stops in childhood where it belongs. Hopefully my words here inspire you to reflect on who you are, what you are doing, and how you connect with others in your life. You may be missing out on a lot of happiness which could be yours if you widen your experiences and open your mind and heart." Wasn't really an option. Did you pay by cheque? The person who had to write the cheque every month would be more pressured to make sure another one didn't have to be written. Wether that would have or not who knows. This is already a failure, maybe us fundee's end up getting a watch maybe not. This product with its horrible management & decisions is too late to market and won't gain a foothold. Sure, it adds up, to maybe $5,000 to $10,000 a year split among 5,685 backers. Is that really going to make or break the project? Why spend the time and resources distributing this small amount of money, not to mention the extra cost involved that will take away from the money available for the project. They need to focus on getting this watch into production ASAP, not waste time with such an idiotic thing. You miss my point. The dollar/cent value does not matter to each individual, but as a collective of backers it adds up. This company wouldn't want to write a cheque for the collective interest each month. It would give the backers some leverage along with some incentive for this company to stay on track. Since all we can do atm is sit back and take it. @Laird, one of the reasons why I backed this project was because of .NET and Windows Phone support. Just because Microsoft currently has a small market share, particularly in the US (they are doing much better in Europe) doesn't mean that they are dead. Microsoft is shifting their primary focus to mobile and with threshold due next year, things are looking up for the future. The fact that AGENT works with iOS and Android as well as Windows Phone is a huge selling point and products such as AGENT can only help the ecosystem. There are still hundreds of thousands of apps in the Windows and Windows Phone stores and AGENT would require a minimal amount of apps to be fully functional. I'm sure there are plenty of .NET developers who would be willing to create them. @Logan To send someone interest on a monthly basis would cost more than the amount of interest. The top savings account rate is 0.95% per year so on $200 that is $1.90/year or around 16 cents a month. A postage stamp is 49 cents or issuing a credit to a credit card also costs more than 16 cents. Let's say you receive you watch a year late, are you really going to complain about $1.90 in interest. This $1.90 also fails to take into consideration that much of the money was spent earlier in development phase so the actual amount of interest Creator may have earned on the money is much lower. I'll take my 2 cents thanks. And so should everyone else, it adds up & would drive the point home. Get this done now. @Logan, at current US cheque account interest rates of 0.01% pa? That's my 2 cents worth. Literally. @Laird, pebble had sold 400,000 units as at March 2014 according to this <url>"honourable thing" by a minority of backers crying for refunds might sink the whole project and result in the "dishonourable thing" being done for the majority? I think you should suck it up. @Richard Pope "You *can't* get a refund for funding a project. Full stop." Yes you can - I had a Kickstarter project arrive faulty and got a refund rather than a replacement. I had a Kickstarter project mislead about what the project could deliver and got a refund. The POLAR pen project has said to their backers a few times that if they are fed up with waiting then they can ask for a refund. So, some projects will give a refund, some will not. I would expect that any project which has lied about what the project delivers should do the honourable thing and offer a refund to those that ask for them. @Creator - thanks for your first ever acknowledgement of my concerns in this forum. You carry the torch on how civil things stay in this forum, not me. Regular (not just monthly - even weekly would be nice) feedback and updates here in this forum (not facebook or your own forums) will go a long way to placating my (and others) grave concerns for this project. Not just all the technical stuff which you clearly spend a lot of time writing, but the strategy you guys envision with regards to apps and sustainability of the platform in the ranks of some pretty stiff competition that has cropped up in the past year that stands to seriously challenge future viability. Engage with us, your backers, regularly and frankly and personally, and don't make it feel like we are your monthly chore. Sell us all on the future of the AGENT platform, sell us on why you are better than the rest for integrating your watch into our tech ecosystems, regardless of iOS/Android/WP/etc, sell us on how all of the setbacks truly result in a better and more future-resilient system. Get out of the weeds and talk with us about the bigger picture items. And for goodness sakes, pull out all the stops and try to make us proud and excited for a turnaround. I feel I am in no way responsible for swaying the opinions of others on this - we've all pretty much made up our own minds. For as many comments that have been made here, I've read some great comments from quite a few backers that have given you some very good advice that you should definitely take if you want to repair your reputation with your unhappy backers. That onus is 100% on you and nobody else. Well said, @Joshua Page. I understand how many of us are frustrated, maybe too frustrated to see any positives, but I think this was the best update I've seen yet. I don't care much for timelines anymore: they don't hold value if they aren't held to. What I care for is clear description of progress and process. I got both from this update. It appears to me genuine and honest. That's what we asked for and we got it. This doesn't mean I am satisfied with the progress made to this point. I am not. But it works towards letting me know where the project stands and does so transparently without the "fluffery" of previous updates. I'd like to see the case bottom to spec and fitted, to see if it meets the claim of reducing the overall thickness significantly, as the current aesthetic is no longer pleasing. I'd very much like to know the material of the case. I'd also like to see some short clips of apps working on the wearable prototype. In addition to stating those wishes here, I'll most likely pm @creator. If I get a response, I'll share it. I'd ask others to do likewise. ROFLMAO "return the remaining funds to the backers" That is so cute, you think that there are 'remaining funds'? Sorry, this whole thing is fraudulent from the get go, it was never meant to succeed. What could they have done with $100,000 if $1,000,000 could not do it. I really want to see the working prototypes from the video. meh This project has already failed. Please cancel it now before any more money is wasted and return the remaining funds to the backers. I Can't wait to get my agent watch so I can take a sledge hammer to it and post the video on YouTube. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Chucky, I have five already (all at 100%) so I'm only in the market for bargains now. Rick Wicker is offering 33%. BTW, I don't like that there's nothing about timeliness in the KS rules. That's a different question. @Chucky, my only point is that backers are not "entitled" to refunds. Whatever Creator chooses to do is up to him. He won't comment to me on any refunds given but Karsten has claimed on facebook he was refunded. If people want to demean themselves by ranting and raving here as much as he did, that's up to them. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Chucky: "... so the backers that want their money back should be entitled to it.....As other Kickstarter projects have done!" As you know, those dates are estimates. Some other project creators have *chosen to offer refunds but, as you know too, KS rules do not *require them to refund unless they can't complete the project. There is nothing about timeliness in the rules. There is no evidence that Creator here can't and won't deliver AGENT. Please don't pretend otherwise. @spaztastic, the Bedlam has arrived but I'm on the road at the moment. Will report back next week when I get to see it. I'd like to know about the back of the watch and how they plan on making it work for both water resistance and battery replacing. From the pictures it just doesn't look like it will fit the bill. This user's account has been deleted. @Roma Did you get your HOH watch yet? Is the back screwed on? The back detail on the sample is terrible. It looks like someone just hacked at it until they could fit all four screws in. I wonder how well the pressure seal will hold. I don't have a huge collection of watches but from the ones I've seen they're either a press fit or screw back (the whole back is screwed in as opposed to this 4 screws holding the back design). I strongly question the tech competence. Communication takes all forms and in the engineering world it includes detailed drawings which either weren't done or were appalling lacking in details hence the not one part meeting spec. @Joseph, I think it's still available to backers here. It's what I paid: $340 plus international shipping. @Roma - I've been away for a while. Did the discount offering run its course on the HoH Bedlams? Nice comprehensive Update sharing mixed news. Bad news: not one part of the watchcase meets spec Good news: problems identified and will be rectified Bad news: assuming tech competence by all parties, communication is appalling Good news: internal communication WILL improve - surely! Bad news: there are more delays Good news: Creator is in this game for the long haul (and will learn from mistakes) Bad news: the truth hurts Good news: the truth is being told Bad news: (for some) no talk of refunding backers Good news: (for most) this project will run to completion and we'll get our watches Brian, some mechanical watches do have glass backs, yes -- but those are generally very high-end watches and they do use sapphire. Also they are inset into a metal rim, not held on with screws. The main reason some mechanical watches use a glass back is to show the internal mechanism... but they're painting the glass black on the AGENT watch, so there goes that. They should have looked to other watches for inspiration on the design, not the iPhone. The mismatch in specs seem rather amateur. And if they are really serious, why can't Chris/Lawrence just go to China for a month, stay there and work with the manufacturer and resolve the issues. This back and forth in the name of "sample validation" just seems a waste of time. This really is getting stupid .... hex bolts with non-standard sizes and wrong type and diameter? Really!?!?! Case backs meant to be a 1mm coming in at 2.17mm ... over 100% thickness variance?! Pushers/buttons wrong sizes and diameters?! Case-fit samples off Is ANYTHING you're making right..... its just beggaring belief now Its just lame fault after lame fault now My only remaining hope is that one day .... maybe this year (lol yeah right), maybe next year (not 100% confident in this) we'll get a watch Just a watch .... that tells the time ... That might looks half-decent and lasts a few days. The "World's Smartest Watch" ... maybe in appearance (highly subjective).... not in function anymore I suppose $150 for a watch isn't horrendous but all the joy, hope, delight at being involved in this project has been sapped by what feels now almost deceptive behaviour Fingers crossed still that when i see the final item it just doesn't feel and look like something from the 90's For all those who are *still* continuously bleating on about refunds, let's try one last time: - You go to Amazon to *buy something* which you can get refunded if you don't like it - You go to Kickstarter to *fund a project*. For those who are saying that this is the last Kickstarter project that they will back, perhaps that is not a bad idea because you clearly do not understand what Kickstarter is! You *can't* get a refund for funding a project. Full stop. So complain all you like, and ask for refunds all you like, but doing so here is totally pointless and just brings unnecessary negativity for those who DO understand Kickstarter and would like to enjoy the process of being involved (to a degree) with creating a smartwatch! Rant over. don't most mechanical watches have glass backs? (maybe it's sapphire...) Just read update #21... a glass back on a watch?!? They went with a glass back on the watch because that's what the iPhone has?!? WTF? Did it not occur to them that an iPhone isn't strapped to your wrist? Or that no one can see the underside of the watch when you're wearing it? A 1mm glass sliver (mounted with metal screws) against bare skin -- surely nothing could possibly go wrong with that. This project should just count its losses -- and consider the knowledge learned thus far to be valuable, and issue a partial refund for whatever is remaining. There's only more money to be lost by pushing on and getting this product to market... This user's account has been deleted. Oh and like someone else said I thought this would be made in the US. My bad for not paying attention to the electronics for secret labs are manufactured here but you are only assembling in the states. You should have employed someone state side to make your samples. They would have held your hand and made sure all the relevant GD&T were put on the models/drawings to manufacture production cases in spec. OY! This has officially become amateur hour. There is zero excuse to have samples out if spec. Either your drawings suck or your manufacturer sucks or you both suck. Drawings at a min should have overall tolerance limits and the specific tolerances for critical dimensions. Don't forget geometric dimensioning as well. There is no excuse to have a hex be off center and for the love of god there are flipping standards (ASTM, ISO, NAS, etc) that have all that laid out so an engineer doesn't even have to bother with it. How do you get three pieces instead of two? Over double thickness that is specified? Did you even send drawings with the models? And that case looks much thicker than just the added oops thickness. If you sent drawings do they not have a QA dept? Geez. We never accept product that doesn't meet the drawing specs.Why would they ship one that doesn't unless you didn't bother with a drawing. What an absolute cluster. And notice still no case material or updated time line. "Please note that the fit-validation watch case sample (on the right) is thicker than our specification, due in part to out-of-spec case back thickness; that will be remedied." The back is an extra 1mm, but that sample looks HUGE. I remember having something like that when I was 10 - I got it as a secret Santa present at school so cost no more than $5!!! This doesn't scream "premium" to look at to me. Is the $490 HoH Bedlam watch made in this factory in Shenzhen for 20-50usd? @creator Thanks for the update, will a metal strap be offered? It is good that we now have the information which company is doing the manufacturing so we can check out their prices and volume discounts. Nice looking (complete) stainless steel watches from $20 to $50 and silicon / leather straps from $1 to $2 depending on the quantity. Significant volume discounts as I expected earlier. And this project is on a tight budget? The premium case and custom straps must be really expensive. :D So angry right now. How the hell did you guys come up with a Dec/Jan delivery date anyway?? I agree with the person below who said they'll never back another project because of this experience. Kickstarter should give backers the option to cancel when projects don't deliver on time. Hopefully that would be an incentive for these guys to be more conservative with the shipping dates they advertise to potential backers. I mean, a 7 month delay with no end in sight?! Give me my money back! @logan I will as mentioned below. Don't consider them paperweights though. Jordan they will help you sell it after it is launched. But another spoiler here no one will want to buy it from you. @Rick ... someone is buying expensive paper weights?! @jordan *spoiler alert* no, but they will help you sell it- see previous responses. Just submitted a request for a refund. We'll see if it is honored or even acknowledged. This kickstarter project has made me decide I will never fund any future projects. Six months over schedule with no product delivery day in sight, I'd ask for my money back so I can buy a samsung watch, but I know that won't happen. My disdain and frustration with this product is beyond belief. By the time this project is done, your competitors in the market place will be a generation or two ahead of you & your company will fail. You have another pissed off customer, all the luck in the world won't save this product, I'll be awaiting my paper weight as I buy my Samsung watch this weekend. @creator can you use the Vernier caliper to provide us the measurements for the thickness and dimensions of the fit validation watch case? I understand the case back being too thick the whole watch looks far too thick from the photos. Not an elegant and premium look to be honest. Reminds me of a large Casio watch. Last update =Update 20 looking at the cad drawings shows where it is off. @alex according to the update, the watch was 1mm+ (1mm case back plus others ) thicker than spec. It's mentioned that will be remedied. So far the only size change from the prototype was an additional .5 mm from the last update. @Chris Jutting: I backed this for the sake of Windows Phone support, which for me was superb. I've yet to see other smart watches support WP, but last time I checked was ~a year ago. I've yet to see any details regarding the battery life on the Moto 360, but the Agent Watch would probably last "for ever" in my drawer. If the end product looks like it does in the update posted today, then it won't be on my arm anytime soon. One year since funding and what has happened... well the watch case is now double the size and if i knew it were going to be that large i never would of backed the project... YAY for dishonesty and manipulation! Great update, can definitely see the end of the road. If anyone wants out, I will purchase your reward at 33%. Any watches I get will be donated to .NET user groups or sold at cost to fellow developers. I will pay via paypal and cover all fees. Not doing this to make money, just providing an out to those who have no desire to continue our think it won't be delivered. Rickjr82 at gmail It is difficult to compare Moto360 and AGENT. They are quite different and will fill different needs. Moto360 is Android only, AGENT is multiplatform. Moto360 will get maybe a day out of a charge, AGENT will get nearly a week. Personally it was the multiplatform aspect that drew me to agent. I like to know that whatever phone OS I get in the future will work with agent. That being said, I am disappointed that there are further issues in production. I find it hard to believe that there are so many issues with the watch case if they were provided with detailed CAD drawings and specific instruction from SL+HoH. I kind of think The Agent has lost whatever lead it had on the competition. Tech is just one of those things you can't fall to far behind on (over a year now). The alternatives are becoming plentiful. Moto 360 anyone? 6001 comments! Now, please refund :-). The watch from the update looks terrible. Really. Terrible. Moto360, please! To be honest, somehow I felt better without any updates cos I have a tendency to forget that I actually backed it. They could have just ran off with all the funding and I would seriously have forgotten about it. The fact that I receive an update/reminder every now and then makes me kinda annoyed and stupid that the delay is taking forever. "They got a million funding and still couldn't get the job done?" - my wife I'd be happy with an invite to a potato salad party at this point. Does anyone want to take mine off my hands (whenever it finally ships)? Please let me know. Well, as long as *they* are excited, what more do we need? :) Great another open ended update with no final release date. Cheers Matthew. That kind of says it all :) @Matthew Chris managed 10 posts on the Netduino forums over the weekend. In contrast, the administrators of the Agent forums last logged in on June 1st. I'm glad that Chris made the decision that he didn't want to keep the backers hanging with the significantly delayed update. How active has the creator been on the netduino forums this weekend? It's beyond "this weekend"... What will be the next uninformative comment from the project creator? "we will do nothing and ship nothing this week, typing is hard work" @Ryan Sweet +1. I'm currently working on a watch face in my spare time but the fact remains that I backed this project because the Agent would do exactly what I would need/want from a smart watch. The ability to use familiar tools like Visual Studio and C# to write apps is a nice bonus, too. @Ryan At this point I just want the damn watch. I'll deal with programming it later. @Ryan Sweet +1. It will do EXACTLY what I want too and it will do it very, very nicely. Just think. If rather than posting here bout the lack o this or lack of that... and refund this you broke this rule.... Blah blah blah. If Rather than doing ALL of that people taught themselves basic programming, andt hose that know how just did it.. think about how well supported this watch could be after 1 year delay. We could have hundreds of watch faces. endless amounts of ways to display notification, support or a variety of apps. But instead Lets continue to complain about the watch an how outdated it will be. Because when I chose to back this apparently I was the only one who knew the iwatch, and Android options were right around the corner. and yet this, and this holds true to this day, is still the only watch I want right now. It does EXACTLY what I want, or at least it will when it's done. Sorry Rant over. I'm going back to trying to figure out howto create my watch face. Roma I would just be happy with 1 a month. No point piling extra pressure on the creator to get 2 updates out a month. That my friend would be taking the mick. I am sure he originally said there would be 2 updates a month but that never happened. @Alibek, good question. I would prefer simpler current-progress and next-steps updates at the end of each month and refined sexy-topic ones mid each month. I believe that the minute any project overshoots its estimated delivery date, the creator has a moral obligation to keep backers frequently and closely informed, and I think Kickstarter should impose such a requirement and enforce it. A question to backers: would you prefer refined, but delayed update, or a simple, straightforward message about current progress (or the lack thereof)? Hope Agent will see the light of day. Frankly, every update since the beginning of this project has come out later than was originally stated, pretty much in line with every other aspect of this project. I still don't get what is with the hostility in these comments. I've been part of kickstarters that have been quite late and have only seen this level of anger on the AGENT comments. Darn global warming ruins everything! This user's account has been deleted. Waffling updates that do not provide answers or information take time to write people. Seriously think a career in politics is a calling for creator. Waffling updates that do not provide answers or information take time to write people. Seriously think a career in politics is a calling for creator. The update is two weeks late from the original promised deadline. Well, it's getting on 20 hours late here :) Possible excuses? A. Dog ate my homework B. Long weekend in my borough C. Nailing down a nice surprise D. Global warming There is truism that comes when working with technology. No matter your intentions, or even if your communication with backers/investors, what not is top notch, time is against you. If you had a unique product not being done anywhere else, then you have some leeway. But when starting your project with specs you believe are new or above the others, you better be swift with getting a product to market. Even if any delays are not your fault, and it takes too long and the average technology catches up or surpasses you, your sunk. You now really have nothing to show even if you finish and produce. Unless you are able to also move your endpoint specs just ahead of the wave, or at least with it, then you have lost. If the campaign page were launched for the first time today, as it was originally written, what do you think the response would be? Still "next gen tech," "world's smartest" with "brand-new technology?" How do your specs compare now to current watches, being tech specs, functions, or fashion even? You can say we might still get what they originally said they woukld produce. But that is only looking at half the picture. One promise was the expected specs and function of the watch. Second was what those mean and their place as being something worthy in their place in the smart watch market. Those 2 things seem to be what the backers were given that they would receive. Either one is not reasonably put forth, then the campaign as a whole has failed. So put forth why this hasn't failed yet, I'm reasonable to discussion, as I hope that my ideas will be taken as coming from a reasonable place. Of course I am putting aside the horrible communication from creator and all the other dissonance that has arisen in whatever forms. Just to try to look at it as a project watch and where it stands. @Matthew: None whatsoever. Or was that a rhetorical question? :D Personally I'm not surprised anymore that there is no update as promised even if the @creator emphasized that he does not want to keep us backers hanging. It cannot take that much time to write the update if they have made any progress. If Chris cannot do that while he is chatting with team BADAR and posting to Netduino forums, the project manager (if there is one as Roma said) could easily do it. Happy Monday! 11th July, we're told the update should be out this weekend. From the private communication between the creator and Roma and Adam, we know that yesterday Chris was writing an update. If Chris cannot even manage to stick to a plan that he made last week to get an overdue update out on the revised schedule, what faith can we have that he can deliver a watch anywhere close to any of the revised schedules?? @Shawn, that's good. I'd like to say a bit about some of them: 2. There is a project manager in place 5. True. But I happen to know the choice is down to two at this stage and, as Lawrence Leyderman said, ceramic is one. Also, as Creator said, glass is preferred for the caseback. 8. The question wasn't about a backer or two communicating with others; it was about us helping to "improve communication". I still think there's been much more communication from Creator in the last few weeks than in any previous similar period. Some of those questions might still be relevant (keep them on the list?) but there are many more. Assembly capacity, quality control, output rates, support, future intentions. It took me a lot of time to do what I did last time so will leave it to someone else this time around. How about you, sir? @roma - no need for a new set of questions. Your previous list is still more than relevant: 1. Do you have enough money to complete this project? No answer, though hints he may need more funding which is worrisome as based on his representation and communication here, I don't know who would toss more down this drain. 2. Is there anyone directly on your payroll, other than yourself, working on this project for more than, say, 5 hours per week on average? Sort of answered, indirectly of course, and the answer appears to be no (or certainly not enough of the right skill base). 3. Why have you not posted here or on the Agent forums (which you actively promoted as the best place for our questions) since 2 May while you continue posting in the Netduino forums? Never answered, and after a flurry of posts after the last update has been relatively inactive again except for a couple of pre-emptive comments to prepare is for the oncoming delay. 4. What is your best estimate for the month when you'll begin delivering the Agents? - ANSWERED - OCTOBER/NOVEMBER 2014 Answered, yes - but no longer accurate based on his previous timeline and known delay. Expect a minimum 1 month slip. 5. Of what materials will the watchcases be made? ANSWERED - CAN'T TELL YET. Can't tell yet isn't an answer, 6. Will there be any features or functionality that were promoted at the fundraising stage but which Agent will not have out of the box? Not answered yet. 7. Do you accept that your Kickstarter backers deserve better and more frequent communication, given that this project is already 5 months late? Now 7 months late and apparently has not accepted that backers deserve better. 8. Will you accept genuine offers of help to improve communication e.g. from backer and blogger Adam Dzak? Not sure if this is answered or now. After apparently accepting the answer, there has been zero genuine passing of additional or relevant information from team badar since update 20, presumably there is none to pass along. I don't like all this ****, it's just a watch, just wait for the creator to update , I'm not sure why anyone else has to get involved. This project is not going to run any faster with people moaning on either side of the fence. I'm even more amazed by @creator's apathy. Really, it's quite sad. It amazes me that so many people here are happy to spend time ranting, raving, accusing, slandering, threatening and worse. All heat, no light. Why doesn't someone else have the gonads to get off their self-entitled derrire, put together a list of constructive questions, garner strong support of many like-minded backers and put them to Creator? Anyone? @Pekka, yeah but when I rebooted it that time a few days later it seemed to work better ;) @Roma: ok, I misunderstood your comment. It should be a hefty update since he told you about 21 hours ago that he is writing it. On the other hand on July 6th your ouija board said that the update is on its way so maybe he has been writing it over a week. ;) @Pekka, he was communicating with Adam and me, saying he was writing an update. @Roma: My comment was: "Oh, so in addition to exchanging emails you are also chatting with him? Wow, I would have assumed that instead of chatting with one of the backers @creator would have been busy writing an update." And you replied:" that's what he was doing and why he was communicating with Adam Dzak and me. " Were you or were you not chatting about the update with Chris? I freely share what I think is relevant. There is some chit chat which is sometimes interesting generally but not directly relevant to the project. Speaking of which, the petition has me taking "it in the ass". What is "it" and what does a donkey have to do with anything? @Roma: So why don't you freely share the information you have? <url>"Creator Secret Labs + House of Horology on June 2 @Adam Dzak and @Roma -- you have PM :) We can't appoint you as official reps or give you awesome dapper hats or anything...but I respect and appreciate your offer to help get more info out there (including the 99% of the meticulous boring engineering work that goes into a project like this) and we'll figure out a way to share more of it with you--which you can freely share with anyone else." No, I can just read them. I should have known that you are smarter than a dictionary. Wrong. @Roma - @Creator sends you information which you share, making you the full definition of a spokesperson. You may or may not be rewarded monetarily, but you are a spokesperson nonetheless. If I was a spokesperson for this project, Creator would tell me what to write. He doesn't. I am a supporter of this project who believes that Creator will deliver five really nice watches to me. I hold a mirror up to some people who take extreme and aggressive negative positions. They don't like what they see. One thing's certain: kickstarter is not for everyone. If it were just a watch, we would already have it. I thought I let other people talk and listen. Looks like that plan worked. People who are asking for refunds, let's do it in a professional manner. Don't sink down to Roma level. @marco. Though I do not agree with his position, he must feel he has no other recourse. The only time @creator has responded to people with refund is when they are belligerent. Regarding @roma, I feel you are mistaken. @roma is a spokesperson for this project, and was named so by @creator in the comments following update 20. Arguing semantics does not change that. I will also point out @roma ONLY "tries to make the best of this project" for the people who share allegiance to it, and belittles and degrades those who do not. Not only does that far outweigh the good done by organizing questions leading up to the last update, but furthers the idea that @creator is a poor manager. His estimated delivery was widely off, he failed to disclose his preparedness to his backers and his partner, he lacks transparency and proper discourse in the comment section, and then he failed to vet someone he willingly chose to disseminate information through. For this, I think, he does not deserve the level of vitriol he has received from some of the backers here, but he certainly should be held accountable. I would expect the same from any project I had so thoroughly mismanaged and, we're I still project lead after a series of mistakes as large as this, would be working my hardest both to complete the project satisfactorily and win back the trust people had put in me. It has been pointed out @creator has a business and history which some used as a basis for funding this project. A few have commented that this project has caused them to reevaluate further dealings with @creators main business. He should think long and hard about trading in that reputation, as they are not so easily won back. @Brandon I don't know what you smoked or what else happened to you to be so sarcastic (I think, the 199$ were your pocket money you saved for 10 years, so I can understand why you're sad to have it spend wrong) but beside all things you said, there's at least one mistake: Roma is not an offical spokesperson and will never be any offical spokesperson for SL/HoH. The difference between you and roma is, that Roma tries to make the best of this project for all of us who are still interested but meanwhile, there are spawning too much babies whining for their money and checking lawsuits. Is it really so hard to call your credit card company and let them do the work for you? You will never see any refund from Chris because he is not required to do so by the KS ToS so your credit card company would be 10x faster. And btw, when you're done with getting your money back, please be very satisfied if the project fails due to the lack of money because then you can be sure you destroyed the dream of getting this watch for all who still believe in it (I'm counting me in, because I'm sure we will get this watch and it will be not obsolete by the time we get this, because when we get it, I know that my toaster will be faster than the watch but the watch still does the things it should do.) Do you also buy a new computer every year because the one you bought just 3 months ago is now obsolete? IMHO, it doesn't matter, when a project is released, as soon as it enters the market, it went through some years of development (and we are experiencing those development things and problems we would never see otherwise) and it will be also obsolete because it's likely that there's something better which will be released soon after. Now feel free to burn me for my comment, I know you all want it because the creator is soooo bad and kickstarter must close after this project because no one will ever trust any KS again so KS runs out of money Roma for once I actually agree with your comment there. @Brandon, it's just a watch. @Creator - my apologies if you feel my recent comments and messages to you require no response. Please allow me to reiterate myself - you are a lying thief that has stolen the money of your backers and have clearly demonstrated little desire to hold up to your part of the bargain. To sum up: You are a thief and a liar. Please feel free to reach out to me yourself or through your legal counsel should you choose to sue me for slander for accusing you of being a thief, liar, or both. I welcome an actual response from an actual person, and you should really look forward to the same. I personally can't wait for the next 2500-word, nebulous, idiotic, supposedly tech-laden excuse from this clown that calls himself the @creator. I can't wait to read how the failures over the past month will further delay this project. I'm really on pins and needles to see what this lying thief has done with our $1,012,742 minus the miscellaneous fees for pretending to do business. The following is my speculation for their next sad ass update: " Update #21 - After the most in-depth watch testing ever conducted, we found out that the fit sample cannot withstand the depths of the deepest parts of the Indian Ocean with a chip inside that is engineered to find Osama Bin Laden under a Boeing 777 on the ocean floor, and we should exercise copious amounts of patience while a satisfactory solution is reengineered from carbon fiber and seal bones harvested from shark stomachs since this is now the only hope." I can't wait to read how the average hardness of park bench planks harvested from asteroids that may have been transferred by a baby worshipped by some ancient people of central Antarctica. I do have the utmost faith that the update after that will read like previous ones. @Creator says, "Update #22 - I took a poo in the toilet three months ago, but I have been unable to replicate that in any other toilet, much less my own or those that belong to HoH, Roma, or the rest of my official team of spokespeople. In the meantime, I have an entire team of engineers that are analyzing the hardness of that poo that I heroically salvaged, as well as a suitable case for said poo and a back-mounted glass that will allow you to see that poo. At some point in the next six weeks, we will actually contain all of my poo in one spot, and we will again assess my poo's ability to find said Osama/777 from Update #21 in the bottom of the ocean when properly encased in one of the following materials: hard poo, soft poo, glass, ceramic, aluminum, steel, stainless steel, surgical stainless steel, or humanely harvested tusk from elephants that have only been ridden by pigeons that have been tagged by two year olds with bracelets around their right legs engraved with numbers are even and prime. Once we can sufficiently realize the failure of this, we will post a follow-on update praising you for your patience (or ignoring your concerns) to explain how we will blame this on not measuring to the millionth of a millimeter (one of our shills will post what that number actually is should you be interested in engineering who-haas, because you only care that you're watch will be the most technologically advanced electronic device ever for $199, right?)." This is the F-35 of watches. I'll take a refund and the A-10. Why defend @Creator Chris when he refuses to defend himself? This user's account has been deleted. Off to dinner now with friends. Lovely seafood with a crisp Pinot Gris. Good for the heart, soul and (already clear) conscience. @Roma - yet another useless comment from you as the official representative of SL + HoH. @Creator lacks the backbone to truly make this right. Tell him that in that ongoing chat session you have going with him. Make sure you also tell him I called him a thief again and that he can sue me at his earliest convenience for slander. Also make sure that he knows that the burden of proof for not being a thief (and a liar for that matter) is on him. Make sure he knows that since you are the official mouthpiece. Thanks. That's how you can truly make yourself useful. Please, please, NOT the Double Dog Dare!! Anything but THAT!!! I love that so many more people have asked for a refund as well. Here's what I can tell you about my experience. First of all, @creator sent me a form response that he has sent to many people, and it took several weeks to get that after several inquiries for a refund. Second, @creator has zero interest in two things: refunds and unhappy backers. In fact, @creator has stated quite matter-of-factly in other forums that he is not interested in negative comments regarding this project. Here's the really great news for all of us, both happy and unhappy - it's delayed again because he has absolutely zero business or engineering acumen. Basically, regardless of what the dreamers say, if we ever see the world's smartest watch from this liar thief that calls himself @creator, I'll be more surprised than any of you. @creator - Are you a liar and a thief? Defend yourself to your unhappy backers. Do it right here on kickstarter like you agreed to. Do it yourself and not through some shill. Readily admit how far you are or are not in over your head. Readily admit your failures, because you sure as hell have not delivered any success. Say I'm sorry. DO IT!!!! Prove me wrong, because I'm 100% on record that you lack the integrity (much less the backbone) to do so. @creator - put your actions where our money is. I dare you. I double dog dare you. I bet that piece of crap watch I'll probably never get that you don't have the spine to do it. Go ahead and prove me wrong. Wow this project has turned into such a joke. All the little flame war's, Roma who no one is sure about, HoH trying to distance themselves from the project, and a project creator who can't be bothered to show his face after he takes our money, and on and on... Even if by some miracle a product gets delivered (after making everyone believe it was ready to go out the door a year ago) it's going to be obsolete. It's unfortunate since it had promise a year ago maybe. Now I will never touch a product by HoH or SL because of how this was handled. Although I did so love the hey here is $150 off our $500 watches spend some more money why don't you. Kickstarter is also going to lose business unless they pull their head out of their behinds and put more safeguards in, more ways to get our money back, more limits on project durations, etc. Oh and you knuckleheads screaming class action lawsuit go ahead. You will end up with a $5 coupon to spend on KS. The "class" never gets squat in a class action suit the lawyers get it all and sometimes the person that brings the initial case does, the rest of you get a nice parting gift. Chargebacks? By law limited to 90 days after the charge. Your bank can make an exception hope you are a really good customer and they don't mind eating the loss. Oh BTW consider this my official I'm fed up with this circus and I'd like a refund request. @Pekka, that's what he was doing and why he was communicating with Adam Dzak and me. Team BADAR's sole aim is to improve communication to our fellow backers. I think that we backers have received more information more often about the project in the last 6 weeks than any other 6-week period of this project. @Roma: " I think there was no intention to mislead us because, having had several instant messaging communications with him (including one right now), I think he is a good person." Oh, so in addition to exchanging emails you are also chatting with him? Wow, I would have assumed that instead of chatting with one of the backers @creator would have been busy writing an update. @Richard, I believe you will get your watch. The loudest talk about a lawsuit is coming from backer Daniel Chang. I think he's just stirring but make up your own mind. He last commented here a couple of days ago. My comment about Ritot was in irony. Should have made a wink. And since this is kickstarter, I'm assuming I'm just never going to see my money ever again? Fantastic. I noticed there was talk of a class-action lawsuit: Any developments there? @roma: That watch will likely last an hour between charges, and the angle will have to be just right. You might wait for later iterations of that one before investing. I personally won't be doing any crowdfunding for a while after this. I don't recall signing the petition as "Roma go kill yourself" or any other of the seven charming "Roma ..." variants. If I did, apparently I'm owed up to $7,000 in refunds. Also it seems "Chris Walker" and "Chros Walker" have each signed. Have we exposed the creator breaking the Kickstarter rule backing his own project and is Chris chros? @Richard, the creator doesn't appear to be offering refunds. There is speculation that a couple of backers who've ranted and raved like 2-year olds have been kicked off and refunded, but I don't think that's a good look. Maybe any refunds could be spent on the next big thing in smartwatches e.g. <url>"We've created the first smartwatch that doesn't compromise" when six months later (18 months total development time) you haven't actually created it (and don't even know what materials you will use to create it) is very misleading.] As a KIckstarter naif, I also thought AGENT was good to go. The very early backers who spoke out for Creator when I expressed my skepticism (but interest) were customers and devs who strongly recommended Secret Labs. That, plus teaming with HoH, convinced me to commit. But I knew things still had to be done before they pushed the green button on the gadget-making machine. For exampleo they said they needed to select watchcase materials, finalise the production board, obtain certifications and several other things. On the other hand, a lot of work had been done and was ready to roll e.g. the promised SDK release (with emulator) happened the day after the campaign closed. It seems the biggest problem was the light-guide film. If they had done everything else in anticipation of nailing that, this project would be dead, we might have got our money back, and Creator would be out of business. The new backlight solution changes the watchcase design and a stack of other things I can't even begin to understand. So, with 20/20 hindsight, I think Creator made two huge mistakes 1. Punting on LGF 2. Persevering with it for too long. I think there was no intention to mislead us because, having had several instant messaging communications with him (including one right now), I think he is a good person. He promoted the project in good faith, he will get it across the line, and we will get really nice watches. So half way through July without an official update - no surprises really. Creator - you feeling the love from the community? @creator is there some reason the comment you posted on June 30 couldn't have been an (official) Update ? Since they now appear to be free usernames, how about Paul, Brent and Karsten? OK, Creator/Rick/Roma, we accept the self-admonishment. Now we've blown our/your/my/his/her/its cover, should we change the 3 Kickstarter names? Huey, Dewey & Louie? Kind regards, Englebert With great power comes great responsibility. @Roma keep up the good work. Just ignore the trolls or leave them to others. @joshua I agree. @Roma should be a little more reserved since he is acting as an unofficial spokesman. It might have the effect of someone attributing the @creator to his words. Might be better to not muddy the waters. He should just post the insults under my persona (since @creator /@Roma and I are the same person). @roma you have to see what you are doing is not justified by what others do. Not only should you not hold yourself to such a low standard as a general rule, but as a representative of this project. Be cautious when accusing other people of acting like pigs that you don't roll around in the mud with them. I am sure signing someone else's name on a petition is not a crime, but to whomever signed my name to that bogus petition: not cool. @Chris Jutting - I think (and hope) that additional refinement was built into the timeline: June 16 2014 - receive and test backlight samples; make final tweaks to watch case Apparently it's quite difficult to make a smartwatch. <url>"Roma hereby vows and declares that he/she/it is not associated in any way with the following names on the petition at <url>" Bung in a few terms like ipso facto, mutatis mutandis, hereunto set my hand etc. It needs to stand up in a court of law. Send your bill to Patrick Britton. Speed is of the essence here Danny, before this comment gets deleted, as it deserves to be on the grounds of obscene language (not originated by the real Roma). @fmotta Creator specifically said 2 days ago that a schedule update will be part of update #21. Let's wait until then to see if it is included or not. @Michael There is no reason to believe that Creator is dragging this out for the reasons you stated. It is a case of underestimating the time to complete tasks and not taking into consideration any potential problems, also more problems in design than what anyone would have expected. So there are delays but I'm still confident the watch will be delivered. Better late than never. Another non-update comment that contains nothing new.... @Creator: If you are unaware of what your backers want.... WHAT IS THE CURRENT SHIPPING DATE ESTIMATE. More is nice. Less is useless. Poor @creator. With 100k he could have sank this project within half a year and be off with the money. Now with 1 million he has the stretch that game of meaningless promises for years to not appear to fishy ... at this pace we hope it will be done by June 2015 @Chris Jutting - Oops. Lol. I honestly thought he was serious. On the other petition, I requested removal. Hopefully they will find all the bogus ones posted by the same IP address and remove them. @Creator Thanks for the update. I hope for everyone's sake that this is just a minor setback and you can still get our watches out this year. This is what is wrote three days ago: "I won't be surprised at all if the next update will contain more bad news about the progress." Now we'll just wait and see how many weeks it takes to fix those issues. @creator: Please post a revised schedule as well. @Maaz, I'm pretty sure Rick was being sarcastic in his comments @Creator, that is disappointing that there will be additional delays on the watch case. Expect a lot of negative responses on that news. You guys are crazy. This is a delayed project that you invested in, just like many other Kickstarter and Indiegogo projects. You realize a Whitehouse petition requires 100,000 signatures in 30 days, right? Why waste your time and effort? If you honestly want your money back, talk to your credit card company. Also, I called the white collar crimes office, but they didn't have an option for kickstarter. The receptionist was similarly unhelpful. <url>"X" amount I pledged to your failed AGENT Smartwatch Kickstarter Campaign. My paypal address is "Y". Thank you @Patrick - I wouldn't take your petition too seriously, looking at the names of the people that have signed it. I'm not convinced that Snow White, Roma, Chris, Lawrence, Adam Dzak, "this is retarded" etc. are the real signatories :) "don't want to keep backers hanging" oh the Lolz Could do with an update, where has it gone? "We have a few photos to share and don't want to keep backers hanging." Don't want to keep backers hanging? Not sure if this is some kind of sick humor or have they simply lost touch with reality. Anyways, this has been a huge disappointment, but a great, albeit expensive, lesson. @Vijaya - ... @Patrick - "new" bedlam collection? read/think about this a bit further, those aren't new watches. the collection hasn't changed. @daniel you should pledge a buck to thus one. <url>"Introducing the new Bedlam collection" <url>"unwanted red-headed step-child" of financial contributors... cumulatively we are worth as much as VC and individually we can be ignored... Is it time to unionize? May I suggest a title? Kickstarter Activism: Musings, Protestations, Fomentations (my struggle with crowdfunding chaps, cheats & chumps) @daniel I get it. You are more of a Kickstarter activist consultant or a member of a Kickstarter activism think tank. It's admirable of you to donate your time that way. You should write a white paper on the subject. @Daniel, so you deceived Creator when you offered to head up AGENT PR. Enough said. @spaztastic +1 @Daniel What is easier, more effective, and costs less? Calling a credit card company requesting a chargeback or going out and finding a lawyer dumb enough to take your case and file a lawsuit? You claim you're an activist but that's a bunch of bull. You just want to see if you can prod some poor schmuck into getting a lawsuit going so you can get your giggles. The folks who have received a refund have either done a chargeback or made such outlandish claims that the creator bounced them. I have yet to hear of a single person requesting a refund and getting it. As I recall, you are not a lawyer so I find it interesting you proclaim we are absolutely covered by CPA. Need I remind you no court in the US has ruled that this is the case (filing a suit claiming CPA doesn't make it so) and until they do it's just conjecture. Oh and your lawyer buddies should be able to tell you that the law doesn't always make much sense or follow logic. @Roma is now accusing me of being like a spurned girlfriend... LOL! Thanks! Even if I was a "TEAM BADAR" member, I would still tell folks who want a refund and asked for it to file a complaint if your refund wasn't given, because this option is clearly available to you and you also have the right to complain. No, I'm not saying I'm advocating people to file a complaint or call a lawyer. I'm saying this option is available if you so choose. Whereas people like Roma would resort to name-calling and putting words in other people's mouths while also hypocritically "predicting the future" without any "base on reality." Now he has to turn this into another soap opera and where he's that crazy mistress pretending I'm jealous about him, while in reality I'm in no way involved with his man... (Note: I have not seen a soap opera, but I will use that analogy!) The question you have to ask is, "Who are you to tell folks that the law doesn't protect you?" I do believe we, Kickstarter backers, are absolutely covered by the Consumer Protection Act. I also believe multiple violations have occurred in this project. Whether you so choose to seek CPA protection is your own business. I'm just sick on tired of people like Roma bullying you to accept your fate. As odd as Kickstarter already is and with an Agent officially sanctioned "unofficial representative" bullying concerned customers, if anyone so choose to file a complaint and it winded up being taken up by some state's AG, this will be entertaining. Call me a Kickstarter backer activist. I want a Kickstarter safe for backers. I would agree that this project is not as bad as many others, but violations, big or small, are still violations. If people want a refund now and they pointed out all the violations that we now know, they should get it. If it takes complaints and court dates for folks who want their refunds to get it, so be it. That's the decision project creators have to make. P.S. Pointing out that the Pebble could last 2 weeks on a single charge without bluetooth only shows us that the Agent most likely will not last close to the original estimate of 30 days without that Light Film Guide unless you turn off the backlight completely for people who like to "base estimations on reality." @vijaya, i'm quite sure there's a local sweepstake in your location if you're looking for a raffle. I just want my watches please. @creator, As I mentioned in my previous comments, please do a raffle and refund all the 900K you made from this project and only take the 100K you have asked for. Atleast some of us will be happy and you are too, becuase you wanted 100K and you have it. Since you dont know how to scale, you should be productive with the 100K promised watches.. @Creator, Please give us the money back. Are you listening to us, everyone is asking for their money and you chose not to respond. How RUDE..... First you took our money, now you dont even give a reponse, is this the professionalism you are found of @creator, if you are going to post Update #21 with samples, etc. there better be MORE real life photos than the 2 you posted on Facebook. I'm serious. Till those Facebook updates, there were no REAL photos of an ACTUAL watch in any of the updates. @Creator, Thanks for the mini-update! Looking forward to Update 21. As far as I'm concerned I've simply written-off my $150 as an another bad investment here on KS. I'm starting to be annoyed with KS projects. The last more expensive project I backed recently is Earin Bluetooth headphones. It it doesn't materialize in reasonable time and quality promised, I'm done with KS. While I still believe the day will come when I'll receive the Agent watch, I will no longer care. The most important part of "smart watch" in my opinion are not features, it's a community of developers and other services willing to interconnect the smart watch with their services. The same way as Pebble did it - people are creating new functions, connecting it with running aps etc. I doubt it will be happening with Agent this late in the game when there are plenty of other options backed by huge companies. Nobody will integrate Agent to some big known app. I backed Agent instead of Pebble because the promise of Windows Phone. As Microsoft is rumored to release something "watch-like", I will likely buy that. Not because of the newer and more advanced features. Because it will have greater community and support by 3rd party. That's mine opinion. @creator You do know you can do more than one update a month, so people don't have to go trawling through the comments section, yeah?? "We have a few photos to share and don't want to keep backers hanging" - so do an update, and then as soon as you have something else to share, do another update. I really, really cannot understand why you've posted a few times over the past month or so in comments (where people have to really dig them out) rather than putting exactly the same thing as an update. Can I chose to get the refund rather than wait Agent and can't buy other smart watch? Well, it seems like a dialog between backers since the Creator is not contributing... in updates at minimum (we know not what else since we have not been granted the transparency that a backer should receive). It's gotten so repetitive I don't even like making snarky comments anymore. It has to be a really bad comment. (update 19-end of march)- June 16 2014 - receive and test backlight samples; make final tweaks to watch case - looks like we are about 3 or so weeks behind that estimate- putting estimated date in September. Keep up the good work! All of these character attacks and snarky comments have turned me off a board that, for a couple weeks at least, was making some good progress and conversation. That people cannot have differing opinions without being abused is embarrassing to me. This comment section has long ago ceased to function as a vehicle for the project, and has digressed into the personal grandstand of a few loud, overbearing voices. It is a shame. This user's account has been deleted. @Mirko. Not only because of his last comment. This makes no sense. Project was 10x Overfunded and it's almost 2 years late? Why can't I get a refund on my $214. Is it December 2013 yet? At this rate it looks like this watch will be available about the time we will need to use Mono rather than .Not because M$oft will be out of business. @Creator: That UPDATE belongs as an UPDATE. I think that is why they call them that. @Alex J, thank you. Isn't it interesting how we all read the same words but interpret them differently through our own prisms. I saw no blaming Lawrence (HoH) in Creator's comments. @Michael I don't see the reason why you can name chris an idiot just because of his last comment. He didn't accuse Lawrence with any delay, he only said that the update will probably splitted if Lawrence needs a bit more time to finish his part of the update @Roma Thanks for those two links. Both were a good read. @Creator Thanks for the mini update. @Creator. You idiot should never blame Lawrence for any delay here. Lawrence is the only one who answers questions from backers and tries to give transparent status of your falling project. Post your update with what you have to say. And good is. @Roma, I like how they were impartial despite working for Pebble. Many of the pluses of Pebble in that article are the same reasons I'd prefer a watch like agent over Google Wear. Also here, Redditors discussing Pebble's battery life <url>"Secret Labs, I'll work for $1 a day to be the head of Kickstarter PR for Agent Smartwatch. All I require is information on this project and what I could or couldn't say. I can spin things to satisfy both you and my fellow backers." He sure can spin things, but spinners ain't winners. As far as refunds are concerned in the UK even if you pay by debit card you are still protected, it is a pain for the banks but if you press they will refund. Irrespective of amazon or kickstarter t&c's in the UK your statutory rights are always protected you can not sign them away. I have applied for a chargeback and will have to go through some hoops but am pretty confident about getting my money back "if you truly feel you can sue, go ahead, do it, don't sit on the side line. Everything else is blablablabla" ( FrankyB ) I am one of the first 100 backers, and posting for the first time now. I follow the debate, and like others I am both disapointed and a bit irritated. But most of all I am a facinated by the amount of time a few in here spends on their conspiracy theories. I quoted FrankyB because I think he nailed the essence of this project. Its risky, fun to be a part of and I truly belive we will get a reward in the end. Hopefully the time that goes by, will make @creator come up with a few details and surprise us. Myself, I will buy the Moto 360, and then continue to wait. When Agent releases all of a sudden I have two watches :-) Peace @kcjnz Never said it was a charity, but this is high risk. Don't get on board if you can't stomack it. @creator is in a though spot, his personnal reputation is in play here and I think that's why we will see the watch, when, that's a different question. He was rightfully tagged as someone incapable of communicating. BADAR is trying to help him and are getting stoned for doing so. What I said is, if you truly feel you can sue, go ahead, do it, don't sit on the side line. Everything else is blablablabla. For those who are saying that AGENT is way behind don't forget that the PCB is pretty much good to go, as is the display and backlight now. If the casing fits properly and materials are decided soon then they should be able to proceed towards mass production and certification. <url>"7 days of battery life with Bluetooth. 30 days of battery life in watchface-only mode. This is the minimum standard we set for AGENT." which implies that it will last at least those numbers, but later quantifies them by saying "7 days battery life (typical)". If it lasts six days instead of seven, I won't be complaining that it doesn't meet the spec; if it runs out after a day then I will be arguing that it doesn't meet the spec - but until we see it in the flesh, then there's no point in speculating whether it will or won't do that. Apart from that, I fully expect the watch to meet or expect the specifications and features that were set out on the project page. Just because technology has moved on doesn't mean that this watch will not deliver what it said it would deliver - it just means that by the time it arrives, you could have got a watch made by someone else which does the same kind of thing as (if not more than) this one. HOWEVER - there is more to the whole Kickstarter process than just "does it do what it says it will?". Like "does it arrive some time close to when they said it would, or is it a year late?", or "is this thing ready to be produced, or is it still just a prototype?", or "are you just going to give us meaningless excuses and blow all the money?" (This applies to all Kickstarter projects, not this one) Do I feel let down by the project? Absolutely. Communication failures, delays, avoiding dealing with your backers, clear inability to estimate the costs ($100k target for the whole project, and then last month they concede that $100k doesn't pay for one engineer for a year), overstating progress in the pitch video and page, lack of contingency planning, lack of project timescale details, lack of progress reports, failure to answer even basic questions like "does it do XYZ?"... If HoH / SL had made it clear from the start that even though they have spent a year on the watch, they were still a LONG way from having a completed design, I don't think I would have backed the project. To say "we spent the last year testing and integrating the very best new technologies from around the world, eliminating limitations of the past." implies that it's ready to go, when it clearly wasn't. To say "We've created the first smartwatch that doesn't compromise" when six months later (18 months total development time) you haven't actually created it (and don't even know what materials you will use to create it) is very misleading. Since our District Attorney aspirant Daniel has "brought forth" (!) a comparison of the AGENT project with another one, let's do the same regarding AGENT's feature, specification and quality promises. Let's look at another KS smartwatch project which I won't name (hint: it has virtually NOMates): <url>#Issues.2C_failure_to_deliver_promised_specs The list there of broken promises and failures is ludicrously long and some of the backers are almost demented with rage and frustration e.g. backer chris hook: "You are beyond human. Humans do not behave like this." I expect AGENT will deliver on the features, specs and quality we were promised. Do you? @Daniel The law in the US is way behind on the privacy/tech/security front. Precedent hasn't been set. That only occurs after there is a ruling by a court. Black's Law Dictionary defines "precedent" as a "rule of law established for the first time by a court for a particular type of case and thereafter referred to in deciding similar cases." You can also see based on the facts presented in the press release that the creator had stopped all communication for almost a year prior to the suit being filed. <url>#.U7yuw41dURg It will be interesting to see what the court says but honestly it comes across as more of grandstanding than anything. Then we're is the letter I want my refund to real bad...... @Daniel, noted. @Roma The case, "State of Washington v Altius Management, LLC," is brought forth by the State Attorney General, Bob Ferguson. Hence, the State of Washington believes Altius Management has violated the Consumer Protection Act (CPA), RCW 19.86. So my bad for poorly wording when I should have said the The State and its Attorney General believe Kickstarter backers are covered by Consumer Protection Act. Precedence has been set either way. Yes, I will own up to mistakes, unlike you or the project creator here. Refreshing, ain't it? Reading the lawsuit filed, it explained how Kickstarter works surprisingly well and why Washington believes why backers are covered under consumer protection. Misrepresentation of timeframe and failure to deliver upon "reasonable timeframe" has been cited. And failure to refund when backers requested a refund due to items not being delivered upon "reasonable timeframe" has also been made. So you still think there is no case? BTW, saying there is merit in filing a complaint and advocating people to go file a complaint are different. I'm not advocating anyone to file a complaint. I think Bob Ferguson said it best, "This is a new frontier. We hope this sends a message to other potential project creators to take their responsibilities seriously. We look forward to bringing more cases, if necessary, to protect consumers." With all these "Potato Salad" clones, I sure wish more states get involved in making Kickstarter is better place. @Creator When are we getting the next update with the latest results? @Daniel, a lawsuit has been filed by the Washington State Attorney General but I don't think there are any findings by the court yet. Why do I say that? Because when any findings are made, the news will be out faster than you can say "evangelist". Unless you purposely want to spread misinformation, I hope you don't mind me correcting you. Again. @Pekka, whatever your reason for pledging, AGENT's Kickstarter campaign used the "P" word liberally - it's all over the Home page, Updates and Comments from Creator. Just one example from Update #2: "AGENT is a premium designer smartwatch". So that's what I expect to receive. @Pekka Niskanen same here. I have been developing on Netduino since SL started. I was a Netduino "evangelists" if I could put it in Microsoft terms; anywhere I could use Netduino over Arduino, I would. The top reason why I backed this project is my trust for SL; up to that point, SL's service and reputation were great. That trust has now been violated. So I'm also no longer purchasing Netduino boards, and I wouldn't recommend anyone else to use it for that matter. We now know what SL would do when things don't go well. Why the heck are they still trying to determine what to make the cases out of and the backing to the Qi charger right now is ridiculous. All of this could have been done at the same time as figuring out the light film guide. VERY little progress happened from last June to this March/April. Heck, shouldn't creator have figured out what kind of glass to use before the project funding even started if he spent a year on research? This is why there is a very good argument that estimated timeframe had been misleading. And thanks to promising a battery saving technology that doesn't actually work yet, we are also likely to not receive a product as originally promised in the specs. Thanks to HoH suggesting that SL was no where near ready in terms of the technology as claimed, we now know we were deceived. @Roma The law protects consumers from misleading advertisements among other things. That is, of course, if the court find that we are consumers covered under consumer protection, like the State of Washington did. One thing Kickstarter is clearly doing is not getting involved with legal disputes, but also not saying people shouldn't start a dispute. @Dave: We have been designing a distributed system with my friend and Netduino sounded like a strong candidate for the embedded side (I'm a C# developer). Due to Agent we have ditched the idea of even evaluating Netduino and we are going on with other devices which fill our requirements. I was also looking forward developing apps for Agent but now I don't even bother to download the SDK to my current dev environment. I'm not going to waste my time to develop apps for a device which might come out this year. Or next year... Wait.. Roma? That last time I was here you where waving pitchforks and torches demanding answers with a list of some kind. Now your defending? Team BADAR? Wha? What the heck happened in here? Also, just a side track topic... but are there any other Netduino users out there that have reconsidered based on the agent watch's status? We were ready to launch two Netduino based products and I have chosen to do a redesign based on how the agent project went. I've met Chris... I've had dinner with Chris. I was psyched about this watch and using Netduinos at one point, but I've just lost faith all together :( @Roma, This is something I realize... but efficient power usage does not make a great device all by itself. Hardly a selling factor for me since I don't really leave an office, my car or home long enough to worry about not having access to power and if I go camping for a week I don't care about controlling my devices or my home remotely. [* the STANDARD metering process itself uses lots of power ... (AGENT uses a more efficient process)] @Daniel, the legitimate excuse to *want a refund is in the eye of the beholder. The legitimate reason for a refund to be *required is written down for all to see (as per the Kickstarter terms and conditions). I'm sure you'd agree. @RandomNinjaAtk, this project is currently half a year delayed (not a year and a half) and it looks like being a full year delayed. Creator has written five comments here in the last ten days and I regard that as recent communication. We need an official update...I'm falling into the same camp that would like a refund. The project is over year and half delayed from shipping and there doesn't seem to be an end in sight.... It's understandable to have some delays, but they clearly misled everyone with there target dates and they haven't provided any recent communication. Unlike what some of you "haters" are saying, I also don't think it's right to want a refund just because you want something else. I do believe in the spirit of kickstarter. The legitimate excuse to want a refund is that you believe that you were misled into backing this project or that the awards are not what was originally promised, which is a violation of the spirit of kickstarter. @Pekka - The Kreyos watch has been mentioned on this board in the past. I think it looks more like a toy than a watch. The design isn't appealing at all. It may provide some Smartwatch functionality but it's really more fitness oriented. I never considered it to be a true competitor. Maybe just my opinion. LG has released G watch. <url>"plant, troll, shill" or whatever they are calling you nowadays, but rather you're just a passionate supporter. If you believe that I'm now calling you a plant, troll, or shill, that's you failing reading comprehension. But keep up with the name calling. Just remember wipe the drool (and other fluids) off your mouth because that's just unsanitary. On point 2). You say I can't predict the future. And yet you can? Everything else we've seen available in market using similar technology doesn't get that 7 and 30 days battery life. The original spec of the watch claims to be able to achieve that with the not yet available technology called the light film guide. Without the light film guide, is it wrong to assume that we will not get the original battery spec especially with other very similar smartwatches in market? The creator already mentioned the backlight will take more power, but he will tweak power management to ensure great battery performance. I take that as an "it won't be as great, but it'll be good" excuse. So are you just naive or am I reading too much into it? Quite frankly, knowing your extreme optimism of this project, I think my slight pessimism with comparing Agent to what else is currently available is probably, in your own words, more "based on reality." There's a difference between predicting the future generically or predicting the future based on estimates and rumors. BTW, Agent is a Pebble competitor. Pebble's marketplace has a lot more apps. The whole ecosystem is on the line here. (I suppose I'm partially to blame because I've not submitted the couple of apps I've made for Android on the forum.) And you think the Agent project is in for the long haul? Pebble has so many apps because it was alone in the market. Now that android wear is here, and most likely the iWatch will come before the arrival of Agent (oh, noes, I'm predicting the future again), who will be developing for the Agent ecosystem? There are also rumors of a Microsoft smart band, which is likely to do more then the Agent. Let's face it, the best thing for this project to do now is ask HoH to just make a DIY a mechanical watch insert (that lasts 7 and 30 days, sorry, I can't help myself) for ~$200 that backers can replace the Agents circuits with. @Matthew Searle - If true, I'm not sure that was the best decision and just because they are banned from posting here doesn't mean that they won't get the message out by posting somewhere else. After all, you got to find out about it. The only logical explanation is it would have been done to minimize disruption but unfortunately it isn't fair to those other backers who want out. To be fair, it put Creator in a difficult position to decide who is being disruptive enough to kick out. @Matt Mayatt - I agree but I don't think the Moto 360 will be any more expensive than the AGENT. Motorola is unlikely to be able to sell an expensive watch. However, it also won't be cross platform like the AGENT. @Chris Jutting - Yes, I saw that too. There is also an expensive watch that claims to have multiplatform support including Windows Phone called a Kairos but the preorder price was $499 and the regular price higher. So that leaves AGENT and Hot Watch (which I had no idea about until you mentioned it). I looked at Hot Watch and I prefer the design of the AGENT. The AGENT appears to be superior in specifications except for the lack of a speakerphone but a speakerphone on a watch does not provide much value to me. Roma's insistence of talking about my dickhead only shows us one thing, he's a "I put it in my mouth, but I didn't inhale" type of guy. Since it looks like Microsofts "smart watch" is going to end up being a fitness band with some smart watch like features it looks like the only true smart watch option for Windows Phone users will still be the AGENT. Though I think Hot watch is claiming they will support Windows Phone too, but we'll see when that happens. @ Creator, we'd really appreciate an update soon. I'd like to know what the outcome of the pressure tests were. @Gaetan, they do Updates here on Kickstarter approximately monthly. The last three were 25 March, 1 May and 1 June. Another one is due by now. Also there are several comments from Creator here on this Comments page in the last few weeks. @Matthew Searle, +1 re support. Pebble was horrible and Omate is horrible. I understand from earlier PM exchanges with Creator that he intends to stay in the smartwatch business so I assume the AGENT OS will be supported and further developed. Hardware support will be crucial too. Despite quality materials and closely supervised local assembly, there will be issues to be resolved among the 5,000 AGENTS out there. @Pekka Niskanen, I think you're underestimating the manufacturing cost of AGENT. The work on the glass caseback and a lens 2 times the hardness of mineral crystal indicates a high quality and high cost watchcase. As said in an earlier comment, I think the sides will be ceramic. All that is consonant with my understanding that Creator is in the smartwatch business for the long haul and is positioning for the premium end. If you are asking for a Refund I already did a few months ago: <url>"funny" thing in this canned message is that it says "We'll keep you apprised, once or twice each month, of the project status via our regular Kickstarter Updates on the Updates page." The truth is that they give updates but only on Facebook: <url>d want my Apps organized on the watch. Then when that special day comes and I get that Agent watch in the mail I could just upload my simulated Agent watch from the App onto the real thing. And already be an expert on working my Agent watch. Was really hoping I could be doing this by now oh well Still excited! It's just a watch , I'm sure it will turn up at some point. The only other smart I have seen that I like is the moto 360 but that is sure to be way more expensive than agent and probably won't make our to the uk for ages. People are expensive? Yes they are but as mentioned already the engineering costs are fixed. @creator does not need to pay engineers to design each and every watch. So the cost per watch should be significantly lower since they got over 10 times more backers (i.e. money) they asked for. Another thing which reduces the costs per watch are volume discounts for parts and manufacturing. Something stinks in the cost calculation if the @creator is still on a tight budget. The Early Bird Special was 129USD and I assume the cost of the parts plus manufacturing, packing and delivery cannot be higher than that. We have roughly 5400 backers who have pledged for the watch which makes production costs to go roughly to 700kUSD with that price. That leaves about 300kUSD for the development plus the manufacturing of few thousand Qi chargers. I am pretty sure that the manufacturing itself cannot cost 129USD per watch since other smart watch manufacturers can sell their products around that price (e.g. Kreyos is 169USD) and they are probably making a good profit out of their products. As a reference the manufacturing costs for iPhone 5s is 218USD. Yes, they have huge volume but you get my point. Even the so called stretch goals (straps) are not bringing any significant costs since those are bulk items which do not need high tech engineering. As @creator mentioned on the project page most of the development had been already done which leaves us the costs for changing the display and redesigning the case plus some other challenges they have had. Few hundred thousand dollars for that? Am I missing something here? I just do not understand that Chris can say he has a tiny budget when he got 10 times what he originally asked for and hopes no more funding will need to be arranged. What on earth has happened to the money people invested? If they money has gone on engineers then this better be a bloody fantastic watch! Assuming someone from HoH / SL reads these comments (and I'll cross post to the Agent forums, which is where they suggested we ask questions so that they don't get lost, and they can monitor them easier)... What is the post-delivery support model going to be? We've seen from Chris' comments that people are expensive and that budget is going to be tight ("We hope and anticipate getting to the finish line without needing investment capital.....Highly-skilled engineers are expensive, and we have a tiny budget.") Once the watch ships in October / November time, who will be responsible for the ongoing development of the OS, or will that be it? Obviously there will be the community of developers who can build watch faces and apps (and I'm sure that community will be huge), but who will be responsible for tuning the OS, dealing with issues that people find, making improvements etc. once the watch is commercially available? I know we're still a long way off, but it's something that HoH / SL need to consider NOW - it would be terrible to wait so long and then find that there will never be any further work on the software side because HoH / SL ran out of money and we're only ever going to be left with the first release of the software. The squeaky wheel can only prevail if someone with the power to grant a refund actually hears the squeaks, though :) @Matthew, I guess that's true. It would explain why a couple of doggedly negative people have dropped off the radar. Squeaky wheel syndrome seems to prevail, unfortunately. I wouldn't do that if I were the creator. Then again, I haven't walked in his shoes. Nor am I his shareholder, friend, associate, minion, muse etc. @Maaz some people have already had refunds, so the creator has made that decision in the past - once they refund and kick you out of the project, you can't comment so it's an easy way to silence the most vocal of critics. at this point, the Agent is more or less obsolete. a year ago, this would have been a novel little watch. but now that we know it's most likely no different than a Pebble. there are far better watches on the market at a far better price. i only hope i can somehow get my money back. @Joshua Page, if it's out of line for me to say (with heavy irony) that I'm NOT calling Daniel a dickhead (aka troublemaker) while suggesting others might be thinking that, is it also out of line for Daniel Chang to say he's NOT calling Creator a "thief or robber" while inviting others to file a law suit? Or for Brandon Middleton to directly accuse Creator of theft? I know three wrongs don't make a right but let's get some perspective here. This seems frighteningly appropriate for this project. <url>"the original 7 and 30 days (battery life) specification" and then he goes on to compare this with Pebble. One reason why Pebble doesn't have a native battery meter is that the metering process itself uses lots of power (see AGENT Update #17). Creator commented here (17 June) that they were tweaking things such that AGENT will use even less power in sleep mode than when the watch is turned off. Also, AGENT's spec includes two processors - one kicks in to specifically drive the watchface when battery capacity drops below 10%. So, there's no basis (yet) for a battery consumption comparison with Pebble and certainly no basis for Daniel's claim of grounds for legal action right now (if ever) based on his personal prediction of how AGENT's battery consumption will turn out in the future. @Richard, you must have a short memory. This user's account has been deleted. @Adam, in preparing my affidavit, may I have your advice please? Should I include the following? 1. An IP search might reveal I have been in about six countries since this project started, including perhaps 10 states of the US. I might have posted a comment here from NYC but I can't swear to it. 2. I have been very close to HoH - while in NYC last year I was within 10 minutes walk of their shop (but couldn't call in because I was running late). 3. I was not born in Kenya. @BenNorris - exactly what I said a few days ago @Maaz Mansori of course Roma would have been active from the start, he couldn't pledge after the finish date could he? And drumming up hype only helps get more people to buy in @Adam Dzak How do you know who Roma is? He could be the owner, employee, friend anyone. Would be interesting seeing IPs that certain accounts have posted from and see if they're the same or close geographical location. @Matthew, I'm not meant to be a spokesperson for the project. @roma you might want to read the Kickstarter community guidelines - particularly if you are meant to be a spokesperson for the project: Dont be a jerk. Conversation is an essential part of our community  we encourage backers to talk to creators and to talk to each other, especially when they have questions. All we ask is that those conversations stay honest and considerate. Dont post obscene, hateful, or objectionable content. @Daniel Pebble also couldn't figure out how to give you a visual representation of how much battery life you have left either so I wouldn't put too much stock in the comparison. And yes their battery life has been all over the place. From people saying woo hoo mine lasts 7 days to others saying they're lucky to get 24 hours. Until there's actually an Agent watch it's all speculation as to what they're able to do. @Roma Keep talking, Mr. Official "Unofficial Rep." I'm pretty sure community guidelines has been violated on that one. Hope you had an **** thinking about my dickhead. 2) from update #18, from Chris: "Yes, backlights do require more energy than light-guide film. Conversely, these backlights do not need to be turned on quite as frequently--since there is no contrast reduction (i.e. no film overlay). We will be making some tweaks to maximize battery runtime with the new backlights; we want to make sure you have a great battery experience." Does anyone still believe that SL is so far advanced in their battery saving technology/tweaks that they can keep the original 7 and 30 days specification? When a Pebble, using a similar sharp memory display and backlight, officially only lasts 5-7 days (assuming 30 notifications a day and per minute watchface update) without any 3rd party apps, Agent with its backlight and advanced battery tweaks can get 7-30 days? Pebble has gotten firmware and other tweaks since its inception. Most complaints about the Pebble is is poor battery life consistency. And here we are to believe that SL's technology (which we were initially misled about) is capable of making the watch last 7-30 days? I can believe that it would be possible had the light film guide worked, because that's not just some backlight. Now, with backlight, we have known products to compare Agent with. Having already been mislead at least once, I don't know why it's so wrong to question SL and its technological prowess. For a Software Developer (with family) with 80K /yr salary after paying taxes and not eat or spend the money for anyting else will take about 16 yrs to make a Million, but you found a way to do that in a month or so, awesome plan... Kudos to that. Why not make a lottery among the 5685 backers and refund the money so that you are only left with the unlucky people whose contributions totals to 100K you asked for.I think that a fair deal. You asked for it, and you are have it. Atlease some of us can buy the real deal. What do you guys think, Backers? Where the hell is our watch, having fun guys with our money? Lost the reputation, Took our money, No Refund. One thing is for sure, you are the greatest salesman on Kickstarter. Made $1Million ($1,000,000) and escaped from the promise, this is going to haunt you soon. I think its all the 5685 backers fault to trust you with our hard earned money and with one click we all made you a millionaire. Do you even know when you are going to ship us the product? I hope you are buying yourself a better android watch than the AGENT right? I don't normally post here. But I've been patiently waiting for this. Even the most patient people in the world will soon run of out patience. Most likely by the time the agent is out, all of the bigger companies' watches are already out. The agent has lost its purpose. For the same price, we all will be getting more advanced features. I'm not saying the agent is bad, it's good when it is initially introduced but after looking at the competitors, this thing shouldn't cost this much. I just wish that they can release the agent ASAP or else I might as well join the others for a refund and use the money to get another smart watch. Oops. Please substitute "troublemaker" for "dickhead" (mutatis mutandis) in my previous post. Damn autocorrect ;) Update!!! Or are you enjoying a nice holiday in the Bahamas from our money? (This me being respectful and considerate after total lack of honest communication by Agent) This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I highly doubt there will be any success selling on pledges once the watch ships as there will be better items on be market. So you better kiss your money goodbye because you will not get a refund. This user's account has been deleted. @Daniel The second point you keep reiterating has no validity as you cannot prove the watch will not last the estimated time frame. And as always they'll put a disclaimer that it is under the best use conditions that may vary from user to user and device. @Michael, I specifically didn't misrepresent myself or my friends (of the first degree, not 2nd degree) who are lawyers and volunteered that information without anyone asking. I've also stated many times my statements are just mine and my speculations alone and not some legal representations'. I'm also not advocating for anyone to file a complaint or call his/her lawyers. I'm also have not asked for a refund directly and but rather that I've found reasons why the creator should give refunds based on the arguments below: 1) the estimated timeframe is totally wrong because SL was no where near where it claimed it was in terms of technology as said/implied by its partner HoH and 2) the product promised to us, a next gen, no compromise, smartest watch that lasts 7 days (typically) and 30 days watchface only, is not what we'll be receiving because it will not last 7 and 30 days. As I have not asked for a refund directly, I cannot file a complaint. But for those who would file a complaint against SL and HoH, are you only filing for your state's consumer protection agency or are you also filing at the BBB? I'm going to add to the growing voice of concern. Where is the official update? Where is the estimated time line? I would like a refund from this project so I can invest else where if I am not going to receive anything for my payment. +1 Richard. Additionally, I don't think it's in anyone's best interest to take legal advice from someone who has a friend who knows a juvi attorney! Can we pleas get the official update ? Please include current status, next steps, and current projected timeline as of now. This project is so overdue and the last timeline is still very long (November shipping) that I am hoping that some aspects can be accelerated and we can get some good news for a change. Thanks... I too would also like a refund as I've lost almost all the faith I've placed into this project. I'm just really disappointed with the lack of communication and timely progress updates. But I do agree with some of the points Richard has brought up. I would also like a refund, please. I'm really disappointed that it has come to this. Is the summary of the last comments from HoH/ SL "we're two years down the line, don't know what the thing will be made of, don't know what the glass will be like, haven't really designed the back of it but we like glass, but we're pressure testing other materials and telling you we're making progress"? At what stage will tgery finish the design - surely after two years they should have an answer to this!! Richard +1 This user's account has been deleted. @Matthew, I guess anything the creator writes here holds them to account equally, be they updates or comments. There have been several creator's comments on here in the last month and a flurry of them immediately following the last update. My Ouija Board reckons the next update is on its way. Meanwhile, back at the ranch, someone here continues to provide "helpful" input on options for legal action based partly on possible future events about which he, we or no one else knows anything. Can someone explain how HoH / SL can have a number of conversations with people and give them information for them to disseminate about how well (!) the project is progressing, but cannot write an update for everyone more than once a month? A cynic might suggest that anything the creators publically publish could hold them to account, whereas something a non-related third party writes couldn't be used against the creators in the future. @Ben - I'd expect you to accuse me of the same thing of me given I've had several email exchanges, Skype conversations, etc with said "fake Roma account". I just want to double check - the haters here are aware of this Kickstarter correct? <url>"I believe you have misrepresented this project, and I will no longer receive the product you originally promised. I want a refund." BTW, I have not asked creator for a refund directly. But, if he does refund me for whatever his minion Roma claims I'm doing, I shall thank him and consider myself a martyr, and respectfully ask those who want a refund to follow my footsteps: don't insult anyone and make a proper case. I don't think I'm "screwing" anyone for bringing out two sides of the argument. If you guys want to argue about the validity of the points I've brought out, I'll be glad to debate back and concede when proven wrong. Insulting folks surely make you look mighty, right? I also have not once accused the creator of being a thief or a robber, or whatever words that's popular around here... But is he a salesperson who had misrepresented his product to make a sell? That is what is up for debate. I've named two points that I believe is strong. Could you counter those two points, which is 1) the estimate timeframe is totally wrong because SL was no where near where it claimed it was in terms of technology as said/implied by its partner HoH and 2) the product promised to us, a next gen, no compromise, smartest watch that lasts 7 days (typically) and 30 days watchface only, is not what we'll be receiving because it will not last 7 and 30 days. Ben, in regards to the fake account, that is the most ridiculous accusation I have ever heard of. Roma has been active on this comment board since the beginning of the project. It was around 2 months ago that he took the initiative to help get some questions answered. Many of the questions are duplicated over and over and many people are trying to get refunds, chargebacks, or even file a lawsuit. The comments board is completely disorganized with no threads. If the creator wants to be active on his own forum to discuss his other products, what is the issue with that? Anyone posting something off topic is subject to have a post removed. tbh I think @Roma is a fake account being used to string us along some more. If the creator was working on this project at all why can't he give us some update himself? He is active in the netduino forums and has gone to the trouble of banning any talk of agent watches there, but not a peep from him here! This user's account has been deleted. @Lloyd and @Daniel Woo hoo... Advocating to screw the rest of us over. Yea! Lloyd you go ahead and call up the FBI. I'm sure they'd have a good laugh. I also friends that work there. Perhaps I'll pass your comment on. The ADA/DA (can't remember which and too lazy to look up) in Washington did that for the press. It's a waste of time and money. Like I've said repeatedly, until someone can tie Kickstarter in on a class action case it's utterly pointless. If you so desperately want your money back just do a freakin chargeback. How hard is it to call your credit card company and request one? Others have done it and have been successful. If you used your checking account perhaps you deserve to be ripped off because that's just foolish. Congratulations Daniel Chang I think you're about to be the next person given a refund and told to never come back @Lloyd And how long do you suppose that would take? By the time court proceedings are done, there could probably be an Agent 3. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Daniel, please stop your shit-stirring. @Michael This project is clearly labeled as SL + HoH. Hypothetically speaking, if consumer protection complaint is filed against HoH, HoH might not want their good name dragged in the mud, HoH will have to prove that they shouldn't be blamed (distancing themselves from SL), and might just sue SL for deceptive business practices. And I'm not a lawyer, nor did I get legal consul. I only read about the laws and got advises from friends who happen to be lawyers. The above statement came from my speculations alone. @Ben While that's true too, and I've thought about that a lot. But I think that the prototype is defined as a not completely working idea or product. As long as he fulfill that promise, it's not a misrepresentation. If a consumer protection lawyer here want to tell me otherwise, I'm all ears. However, I have pointed two misrepresentations given, so it is definitely grounds for misrepresentation. One is the which is that we were completely misled by the estimated timeframe with HoH saying that even they thought that SL is way further along in the technology than reality. And two is that the product we are given do not match the specs originally given, which is clearly fraud (unless we do get that 7 and 30 days). So, if we are protected by consumer law, we've got a case. It seems clear from the updates that what were presented as prototypes in the original pitch were mocked up and gave a massive misrepresentation of the initial progress. @Michael - thanks. If HoH aren't financially involved, I wonder how they feel about how SL have p***ed all over their brand with the utter contempt they treat their customers with @Matthew. The design is not finished; no final decision about the material yet. HoH wants to do ceramic; SL might feels is to expensive. @Daniel. The money went all to SL. HoH is not financially involved in this project (acc to Lawrence from HoH) The KickStarter page says "We weren't willing to compromise. So we spent the last year testing and integrating the very best new technologies from around the world, eliminating limitations of the past." We're now over a year from when the project ended, so that's two years that HoH/SL have spent on the project. Quick question - is the design finished yet? I've only read the comments added in the past week and a bit, so may have missed it (I know that there has been significant, regular, detailed updates provided by the creator and the minions, so I may not have seen it in the deluge of accurate information) - what's the watch made of? what's the front made of? what's the back made of? By now, that should be public information - but if it is, I've missed the details of it. @rickwicker - that's my point, they can't even seemingly run a Ponzi scheme correctly Just in case I make my friends angry, I have to mention that those lawyers I've talked to only advised me as friends and not my legal representatives. One is a civil rights lawyer and the other juvenile law; so consumer protection isn't either's expertise. If we're clear on that, let me continue. @ryan That's why people are talking about class-action. And I reiterate, the tough thing is for the judge of the state where suit is filed to agree that kickstarter backers are consumers in the first place. That precedence has already been set in the state of Washington. Texas, on the other hand, might be a little bit tougher... @rick Missing deadlines and way missing deadlines are clearly distinguishable. Also there are plenty of cases for timesheet fraud. An argument could be made that the deadline is deceptive, of which the HoH comment just might be what would tip the balance, and SL is not putting in best effort to deliver. And the easy fraud for us to prove is that the product is not what it's advertised or doesn't do what it's advertised to do, which we are no longer getting that advertised battery life, correct me if I'm wrong. But all this hinge on whether we qualify as consumers. Also, I forgot to mention this to my friends, but I suspect that we might not be able to single out SL. The creator/seller is both SL & HoH. I'm probably not going to bother them any more about it. And I'll also reiterate that I'm not advocating for anything. I'm simply saying that people demanding a refund might have a case in the court of law. And that it might be "fun" to see what will happens. As a software developer, I've given plenty of bad estimates. I guess I should consider myself lucky I haven't been sued for fraud yet. @daniel still unless you backed more than 1 watch. You would be putting more time effort, and this is my favorite part, money then the refund you search. Last time I checked even with my lawyer friends they don't do busy work for cheap. In fact most of my friends charge more the more tedious and frivolous the job. They like to remind me they have loans to pay. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @spaztastic I actually talked to a couple of my lawyer friends and they believe my points are valid, that is if we qualify as consumers. That would be the hard argument. The easy argument is being fraud. Every state could rule differently. I was also told I must actually ask creator directly for a refund and, if he denied or doesn't respond in a timely manner, then file the state's paper work for consumer protection. Then find a lawyer. Basically follow these rules: <url>"Progress and efforts made to deliver the rewards have clearly been established by the creator however delayed." But after reading more about the US consumer protection law and HoH suggesting that SL misled them too, I have to say, under the FTC, people here who are demanding refunds should be given their refunds. And here's the argument: The original estimated time of delivery is wrong. While that alone might not be enough for a judge or arbitrator to find in favor of the backers, the estimated time of delivery is just WAY wrong. Right now, the current estimate is September/October, which is 9-10 months from the original estimate. In a tech field, 9 months is a huge difference. With HoH saying they also had believed that Chris was way further ahead then he actually is in terms of the technology, the argument that we were deceptively advertised to might also be valid. In Kickstarter's terms and agreement, SL has not arguably made a good faith attempt to fulfill each reward by its estimated delivery date. SL has not hired extra staff to try to deliver sooner or put someone on it fulltime despite raising more than 9 times as originally intended. A judge or arbitrator *could* determined that, when a project is being estimated to be delivered this late, more efforts should have been made to deliver on time. If the product that we're getting isn't what was described to us, then it is grounds for fraud. Thanks to a less intelligent backlight (although still arguably intelligent), battery life has now been implied to be not as long as the original specs; correct me if I'm wrong here. If the watches we receive don't achieve that 7 days (typical) and 30 days in watchface only life or whatever is on the original specs, then we should absolutely be able to ask for a refund. I do believe this is key to the argument. SL has to fulfill what was promised. Now, obviously SL could delay even longer to make sure they fulfill every spec, that would move us back to the first argument that SL has not made good faith to fulfill the rewards by estimated time. Right now, I'm not advocating for people to demand refunds, call your lawyers, or join a class-action lawsuit. I'm just saying there is a legitimate case for people to demand refunds. While I did post on Facebook that it might be "fun" to start a class-action lawsuit to see where we go with it, win or lose, I just wish to see a precedence set for current and future Kickstarter campaigns to follow. I agree, estimates are usually inaccurate. Just give the actual completion date. Seems like that would solve all problems. After that, I know if I don't finish work by an arbitrary deadline I immediately throw it away. Don't get hung up by sunk costs. @Creator, stop giving a vague progression/update, and suggest a deadline then stick to it. If you couldn't do it, please refund. @Rick, I suspect he meant to write "iznop" but autocorrect intervened. I suspect those who would support a class action lawsuit in this case would then try to sue their lawyers if they didn't win. @chris you don't seem to understand the concept of a ponzi scheme. The point is to show progress when none exists. I believe the inverse is true here. You should go ahead and hire a lawyer though. Might as well be prepared. Anyone on here a lawyer - any potential for a class action suit here. There was misrepresentation at time of investment and failure to deliver on product. Refusal to refund money and really very little progress shown. At least bernie madoff managed to show progress when nothing (or worse than nothing) was happening for years. I no longer want this watch. Where can I pledge for refund? It's way overdue, and with the new Android Wear this is no longer interesting. When's the update? @Richard, I'm predicting next summer too - Australian summer! This user's account has been deleted. @Ben If we read the second paragraph, "We weren't willing to compromise. So we spent the last year testing and integrating the very best new technologies from around the world, eliminating limitations of the past." Does anyone here still believe that? Right now, what we're promised is FULL of limitations of the past and compromises! Unlike Almond+, once Securifi realizes that the product they would deliver would be way last gen, Securifi upgraded the internal parts and asked backer for additional time. Most backers love Securifi for it. As for Agent, I'm just glad that the creator is making progress, despite his original 5-6 months estimate from delivery. Must everything else stall because of the light film guide? I still don't understand why he can't test Qi charging material at the same time as waiting for the backlights. I do honestly believe we were misled to back this project, just like HoH said. But whatever... here's to more progress... @Dominic Do you believe if there would be something to show that they would hold it back? Even when there's only slow progress on the whole project here, I still have full faith @Creator to build a great quality product. I'm excited when I look trough the photos on facebook of the working prototype and thinking about wearing it for myself. Hopefully we all will have our Agents at christmas this year! (Please, show us some pics from anything not only watch related but also from the office, some components waiting to get soldered, someone programming something or whatever, just to keep the backers in a good mood, this would really help) @frostburn Check the creator's comment two days ago Dec 13 .... Wow time flies... Update would be nice.... @DigitalPH I pledged on the basis of the amount of work the original pitch said had already been done, which from later updates has been shown to have been untrue. I also pledged on the basis that while the project may not complete on time, Kickstarter policy states that rewards must be delivered in a reasonable timeframe or backers refunded. Not an unreasonable policy for an established company supposedly with little to do but approve the cases and get certification. We know now that the amount to do was vastly underestimated and capability overstated. I gave him the benefit of the doubt for a long time but I do not intend to be strung along any further. Given that the time limit for chargebacks is soon approaching, and he has utterly failed to respond to my refund request I don't see any other option than to start one. Aahh. The gift of hindsight is a wonderful thing. A more interesting question is: would the big players Apple, Samsung, etc. develop a smartwatch of their own if not for the buzz/success created by the small players pebble, omate, kreyos, agent? We can all spend our time dealing with hypotheticals but the fact remains: we supported this idea of a smartwatch. No one forced any of us to click that "back this project" button. Man up. @Ben I wouldn't. Frankly put, I was happy with the specification of the AGENT watch at pledge time and that's why I backed it so seeing this constant improvement at the cost of shipment is a sour apple to bite. I'd rather see a product shipped and in 18 months time, an AGENT 2 shipped with expanded features and improved upon. I understand that delays happen in high technology projects like this but the delays here aren't just problems or issues with the production of the product, it's the constant tinkering of people to add or change things to make it even better. All the while this is happening, the backer community is becoming more and more annoyed and disenfranchised. The last update said you would be spending two weeks on validation samples of the cases. Could we have not had an update two weeks ago then to say "sorry folks, problems with the cases and X is the delay." or "you'll never believe it but the cases fitted great and now were moving on to looking at X or Y." Winners ship. I think i would. Writing watch apps in .NET appeals to me. I still like the design as well. I was never concerned about the specs as long as the watch performed well. The Google watches do look cool though and I might pull the trigger more slowly. I wouldn't pledge.. I'm looking forward to the Microsoft "smartband" rumored to launch/be announced in october. A question for you lot. If agent launched today with exactly the same specs how many of you would still pledge, more importantly how much would it be pitched at. @Bram Ueffing Well said +1 This user's account has been deleted. So how is being negative in a repetitive manner help this project forward in any way? Obviously things didn't go as planned, and the complexity and scope of the project has been underestimated. And creator didnt want to make concessions to the quality of the watch and got carried away with details that could have had less priority. So they got flustered, lost oversight and screwed up at keeping in touch with their backers and staying transparent. That's been a big problem and it annoyed me a lot, but it's happened and nothing can change that now. People make mistakes and this must have been a huge learning process for Chris and HoH. And for us it's part of the risk involved with making an investment in a startup like this. But they're still here, working their asses off to get Agent to market. Does anyone seriously doubt their commitment? They could have just ran away in that case and stay silent, right? Does anyone think they were planning to have to put this much extra effort into getting the first Agent watch released? It must have driven them crazy as well.. So now things have changed, we get more regular updates, be it through Roma, Adam or creator self, and we can all see that the watch is getting shape. And it's still a unique design, if you look at power efficiency, general concept and the elegant charging solution for instance. If you don't see those as USP's why back Agent in the first place? It was never the fastest, most feature laden design was it? And it has a low res screen which is part of a complete design that has been very well balanced and thought out. Lets please be a bit positive now and show some support. What I get a kick out of is the fact that most backers are upset and rightly so about the diminishing value of their 'reward' (the Agent is definitely not the world's smartest watch anymore) and how @creator keeps telling us about hardness of the lens and all sorts of facts about the watch. It is as if he isn't even part of the conversation. I have these teaspoons you see that are very scratch resistant and have lasted me twenty years but they are not the world's smartest teaspoons. By the time we see the Agent I think I will look at it in the same way as a teaspoon. And it will probably spend eternity in a drawer. @Daniel looks like that's what happened to Brent Roberts as well. HoH is throwing Chris (creator) under the bus now? LOL! I wonder what it takes for anyone to get a refund for those who want one. Accuse creator of just doing enough to avoid a class action lawsuit? Cause those were the last posts Karsten Topp posted. <url>"you paid how much for that?" This user's account has been deleted. @roma nice summary of USP's. I believe there are two groups that backed Agent: one that saw that Agent has a focus on usability, design and use of nice materials and backed it for that. I believe those people will not be disappointed with the end result, seeing the amount of care that goes in selection of materials. The other group just mainly wants the latest technology in a timely fashion. There's nothing wrong with that but Agent might not fully satisfy those anymore in the current landscape. I'd like to have something sustainable and usable on a daily base and I don't see any of the current mass market watches fulfilling that. They're cheaply made, ugly (personal opinion) or a usability disaster (power hungry touchscreens on tiny screens are not the way to go IMO). So yes, i also believe there's definitely a market for Agent still. @Roma. You got it dead on. How many features can be added to a smart watch before you'll need anther gadget to keep up with the watch. (I'm exaggerating a bit, but not by much.) As well as your mention of phone compatibility; how many watches can say that with the feature set of the Agent? This is mostly a repeat of an earlier post, but I was invited by another backer to talk about the watch- so I will! I think AGENT will be relevant and viable even with the extended delay in fulfillment. For me, my smartphone will have more than enough power and functionality than I need. I know I haven't done nearly enough with it to use it to it's fullest extent. Most times my phone will stay with me, usually in my pocket. I expect AGENT will tell me discreetly when I get calls, emails, texts and notifications and then help me deal with them. My aim is to take my phone out of my pocket only when I have to. Many incoming calls, emails etc do not need my instant attention. I don't want to talk to or listen to my watch. I don't want to take pictures with it. And I don't need a colour display for it to do what I want to do with it. I have an iPhone now and may or may not stick with Apple for my next smartphone. With support for WP and Android, and assuming a similar level of functionality, AGENT will give me the freedom to change phone brands and not have to change my watch. AGENT promises to be battery-replaceable and repairable. If I or a watchmaker can open it up to replace the battery without breaking the watch, that's a plus. More importantly though, I'm fairly sure a smartwatch from a big player will be colour, touchscreen and have other battery-draining features. I expect much longer battery life from Agent and not to have to worry about that aspect so much. Finally if say Apple produces a smartwatch, there will be millions of people buying and wearing it. To me, a watch is both utilitarian and a fashion statement. Much more the latter than my pocket-housed smartphone. AGENT will be seen a lot less often on wrists than a big-brand watch and I'll enjoy having something that stands out from the crowd. For $150 I can't go wrong! I was excited for this project. At the time of backing, I had a Windows Phone and this was the only smartwatch available to support WP. December rewards collection was great, Jan/Feb/Mar would have been OK. I've been fairly patient with this process, and have actually been hopeful about the value. Until now. Watch cases and materials are still being tinkered with. All testing is somewhat preliminary, and time between tests is roughly 2-4 weeks due to shipping back and forth with each little tweak. This project keeps getting tweaked, causing delay after delay. I would be surprised if I get my watch come February 2015. That being said, I believe this project had no business being on Kickstarter. It was nowhere near ready for public involvement as this project was about 40% ready, as opposed to the 75-80% it should have been for funding. I think a lot of us thought this project was further down the road then what it is. At this point now, I am in firm belief that my money has funded a personal pet project, as the final design is a moving target. That's fine and dandy, but I was under the impression that I was helping push the project over the edge, not all the way up the hill. Do I think a viable product will come of this? Eventually. Would I have put my money in if I knew about this? Absolutely not. At this point, I am done with this watch. It is now eBay material for me, or a gift for someone else to deal with. It will not be on my wrist. I have 0 confidence in the delivery date and I have 0 confidence in it being current technologically once it does finally land. I feel bad for @creator, this turned from a project with great excitement to a painful process for the backers due to a premature release. @Creator, Thanks for the prompt reply to my PM about address change as well as the quick update below! @Daniel Very well thought out comment. Your point on tech change is an inherent risk of any tech driven project and not just those on KS. Once any product hits the shelf it's essentially outdated. It's all a matter of personal preference as to how bleeding edge you want to be. @Brian, current estimates are Nov 2014 Sorry guys, I've been busy bringing the world's latest Airport on stream and haven't had chance to read all the comments.............so when are we getting our watches? While kickstarter rules clearly say that if the product is never delivered, you are entitled to a refund, or even allowing you to file a class action lawsuit. This here is not the case, yet, and hopefully won't be. Progress and efforts made to deliver the awards have clearly been established by the creator however delayed. Now I could see the argument that tech change very quickly, that the parts of the watch now costs significantly less than had the watch been delivered on time. If you argue that the delay had been intentional, so that the creator could pocket more money, then maybe you have an argument. To prove that without seeing his financial records is on you. @Lloyd Oh yes verbal vs written but if you google slander yelp see what comes up. The word is misused all the time. My point remains the same (and I'm married to a lawyer). She thinks all you folks threatening lawsuits are a bunch of tools but that's just her opinion. Apparently KS doesn't agree with your view. The creator is actively working on this project. He just posted photos. Of course no one is happy about the delays but I for one do not feel my money has been stolen and I'd bet there are others here that feel the same. Go ask your credit card company for a charge back. @Brendon Just pointing out you were factually incorrect in your comment and KS is not a store for the millionth time. Snark much? Why are refunds still being discussed, nobody is going to get a refund so what's with all the **** about it. This kickstarter is late but it does look like the watch will make it out eventually. So you're just gonna have to suck it up people. @Chucky, December wasn't a deadline, it was an estimate for when they'd start shipping out rewards. As with any Kickstarter there can be delays and the date given in the project description is merely an estimate. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I've worked in a manufacturing environment before, and I understand production delays. However, what concerns me, is why do we keep getting updates about proposed design changes this far beyond the expected ship date? Frankly, there are too many new smart watches that will be on the shelf before the Agent ships. Every design change just means that the agent will be that much more obsolete when it finally ships. Just please focus on completing the watch and getting it to us. I've accepted the fact that Agent likely will be a generation behind what Motorola and Samsung are shipping, but as they say a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush..... @spaztastic - Of course it's no secret that there's a lot of hands in the money chain. Have you ever gone to a store and returned something? Did you say "don't worry, I'll cover the bank processing fees for my purchase and return since I put it on my debit card and I'll contact the city/county/state revenue offices to take care of the sales tax"? If they didn't cook the cost of doing business into the price, then they really shouldn't be in business. That being said, they can sue me with what they have left over. You can rest assured I'll lose absolutely zero sleep over it in the meantime. This user's account has been deleted. @Brandon No KS project starts with the full pledge amount. KS takes 5% and Amazon payments takes another 3-5%. Funny how if a project goes south they expect the creator to refund all monies but they sure as heck don't cough up the other 10%. This user's account has been deleted. @Richard, Creator flagged that he might need to hold the next Update for "a few days". That was in a comment here 3 days ago. This user's account has been deleted. @spaztastic - If they want to sue me, I'm fine with that. After all, they have at least $1,012,742 to pay for litigation. I'm not here for anyone's entertainment... I'm here to get what's turning into some horological masterpiece that hopefully someone is still interested in building apps for. Ahh, who am I kidding. I just want the charger. I have plenty of modern toys that could benefit from another qi charger around the house. This user's account has been deleted. @robert H didn't you get a chargeback from your credit card? @digitalPH +1 @Brendon way to join a conversation at the 11th hour and stomp around complaining about the dissemination of information. If you had been paying attention, you would see the creator has never granted a refund which is completely within their rights according to KS. Don't like it seek a chargeback. Calling someone a thief can put you in a libel situation. Look up yelp lawsuits for reference of businesses suing and winning against fraud/slander reviews. Brent disappears and Brandon appears. Although a bit crude for entertainment factor Brent was hands down my favorite. @Chris, although I share some of your disappointment, I think we all do, I believe in the spirit of kickstarter that as long as we are delivered a product (kickstarter rule), any bad "investment" on our side is on us. Learn from this, that even trusted companies such as SL & HoH could fail. The biggest things that get me are the lack of transparency and the total miscalculation of estimated time of delivery. Even without that light film guide issues, the watch still wouldn't be delivered on time. But still I look forward to getting this product that I'll probably never or hardly use... Like my visionnaire pen! But you will get a product, and I really don't think insulting creator or each other would help in any way, and this goes to you, too, @Roma. @Roma, let's start a poll. Is Roma and Adam "representing" creator when only they are given new official details directly from creator to post on this comment section when creator could easily post that information publicly somewhere? While I do appreciate your efforts and relationship with the creator benefitting us by getting us more details, you just cannot talk to people like that especially with your official "unofficial representative" status. Just because you're providing free labor doesn't mean you're not. If I were an official "unofficial" rep, I would just keep asking people for patience and talk about interesting things about the watch. I'm very disappointed Chris (creater) promised he will ship AGENT in december 2013 ( not 2014). I wanted AGENT smartwatch as Chistmas gift for my friend. I told him that and he promised they will ship in 2013. I already sent a direct message two weeks ago, but he ignored me. "Refund" button is needed on this website. Dam it's just takes way to long.....it's almost July for Christ sake. ...we all are getting full or prove us that we are not. ...we are wasting are time nergie and fate.... @Chris @Daniel for someone who followed this thread and SL's forum since the start, nope. I, for one, appreciate what Adam + Roma is doing in gettng us more information. I would've volunteered to help as well if I had the time and patience as Roma does, but I don't. Some people just chose to be productive, others can't be bothered to read through the comment/update section to get the answers they need, while the rest exert due diligence to scrutinize the creator's every move to protect their "investment". At the end of the day, we all just want our watch. Similar sentiments to Daniel - you do all realise that roma is a plant/employee. @Daniel, I'm not representing Creator. I hope you enjoy their increased communication. @Chris, it seems my comment to you was clumsily worded. Anyone can believe what they want. I meant the reality will be different from what you think it will be. Based on what I know, I think we will get what we were promised. @Roma, most people want to see their reward delivered despite the delay and all these cooler, prettier devices coming out. But your complete lack of tact regarding other backers with concerns is the primary reason I hate this project. Sure, you can say what you want, but flaming those with concerns, especially when you are unofficially representing Agent (how the heck is it unofficial when you're given information to "leak" to the public directly from Creator is another debate on its own), is just utterly unnecessary. Accusing someone's concerns as not based on reality, when the only reality here is this project is massively delayed with no full time staff and obviously not "the world's smartest watch," is, one word, stupid. Statements like that would only give us more argumentative backers. You could have responded, "Please stick with us a little longer. SL & HoH are great companies. They just unfortunately ran into delays. I will be posting more updates or progress reports for them. Thank you." Or better yet, say nothing. @Creator, rein in your "unofficial" reps. If you're trying to sell this to a bigger market, you cannot have people with mouths like that representing you. @Roma, you're free to say whatever you want, but please think before you type. No one would blame you for not getting defensive about this project. @Adam, please give @Roma some pointers on responding to angry customers, or backers in our case. @Roma, are you saying that you backed iFind for the sole basis of flaming or trolling folks in comments, or did you change your backed amount after discovering you got suckered? If it was any smaller we'd have like a half inch screen. This user's account has been deleted. This looks really to big for a female. Especially with new android wear watches arriving that look sleeker. :( Inbound culinary snippet from Lawrence Lederman HoH: Apparently Shenzhen has one or two Chinese restaurants! When the soup arrived, the chicken feet surprised. Observation? No toothpicks required :) @Robert, thank you. Yes, I think we have achieved a better flow of information. But, to be honest, I think there is more info available - we've probably come into this at a good time. I will never consciously pass on something inaccurately. And if I think I'm being fed bullshit then it will be just Team BAD! Just catching up on comments, regarding @Creator giving updates to team BADAR and not directly here (although there have been two mini-updates much appreciated here) - from what I've seen it seems that @Creator wants to be very careful what they put in writing, probably both from a reputation perspective and from a legal perspective. By giving updates to team BADAR to pass along, with team BADAR having no "official" relationship to the companies and therefore no actual authority to give "official" updates - @Creator reduces any potential liability. At least that's my perspective. That being said while @Roma is sometimes (in my opinion) overly defensive of the project, he's also done the most of anybody (aside from maybe Adam) to get information to the masses. I for one believe that the information he's passing along is accurate to the best of his knowledge, and even if @Creator could use that same time to post updates here - that wasn't happening before and we are getting more information now than we were before. @roma pot, kettle, black @Bram, thanks for your kind words. I hope I do more good than harm here. I only want my watches and for everyone else to get theirs. @Everyone, I have been in email contact with Lawrence Leyderman from HoH. He's the one holding the sample AGENT watchcase in that pic taken thousands of miles away from home. Anyway, he wanted to let you know that his own private $150 Bedlam discount offer is limited to one per AGENT backer and total stock available is limited too. If you want to take it up, go to the online store from <url>"P.S. we made the case backs for the fit-validation samples out of special chemically-strengthened, edge-to-edge watch glass. The design team is pretty excited about the design. They're awful expensive, but we are going for premium here: if the special glass backs meet all of our quality, pressure and beauty requirements then we plan on using them for production as well." Taking bets that this goes the same path of the failed light guide and we get some nebulous reason as to why it didn't happen, plus it will cause another delay as they scramble for a replacement. @Richard, I agree but I don't think they're going to use transparent glass on production units though. At least I hope so. This user's account has been deleted. @Creator, Looking at the back cover with the screw (looks like jutting out from the cover), it will be digging into the wrist when worn, will the production screw mount be flush with the back cover? @Brandon, what will @Roma be implicating himself with? I'm interested to see the stakes here. Also, excellent Hitler/@Roma comparison- parallels there are uncanny (males, shortish names, smart-watch enthusiasts, genocides, active on comment boards). Hi Chris. I was skeptical recently because of lack of communication, but it seems that the project is moving forward! I really like the picture of the frame. It looks very good quality. Please keep on being responsive, and I think the project will be fine! @Creator - you have over 5600 people that deserve an answer. Give us an answer. For goodness sakes, prove me wrong! Yep... twice of theft. Not backing down. Again, We are looking for a response from @creator and not from @roma. OK, we've established Brandon's views about the handling of this project, some of which I'm on the record as having agreed with. We've also seen that he's accused Creator (twice) of theft! I think I'll leave it there. Way to go, Hitler. Wow... you really should look up your stuff you are trying to accomplish. W Monarchs "reign in"... places. People get reined in. @Roma - Stop now. If you continue, you will implicate yourself, and you don't want to do that. @Roma @Creator The first most cogent response wins. I have a feeling neither of you will win. @Brandon, if he won't entertain, you sure are. Creator a monarch? @DigitalPH I wholeheartedly agree... @creator should produce the rewards with real visibility for your backers and no need for hired help. Backers who demand accountability will continue to deserve it until they receive it. Live up to your delays and inform your backers. If your backers feel at this extended time that they deserve a refund, you as a @creator have a moral responsibility to at least entertain their concerns. I know there's a thin line between passion and obsession but man, this is getting ridiculous. Let the creator get on with his job of producing the rewards. @Creator - if you think you can sell the rewards that you refund to those of us who are so put off by your lack of success, then you should have no problem selling the delta to those who truly still want your project. @Creator - I say again "AGENT sucks. As far as I'm concerned, you've stolen my money." The amount of time your backers have waited for a reward to no avail is almost unprecedented among kickstarter backers. @Roma - The choice to refund is ENTIRELY the choice of the people at SL+HoH to make. 100% entirely. You seem to lack a clue of how much you are not connected with that decision. You really should stop, as those of us who are also united on the other side are demanding an answer from people that we are financially tied with, and you are very clearly not that person. You'd be very smart to agree to that and back out now and let those who are actually responsible answer to their perceived shortcomings with regards to this campaign. Brandon Middleton 1 day ago: "AGENT sucks. As far as I'm concerned, you've stolen my money." Roma about 21 hours ago: "The choice to refund or not is entirely his to make. You might not like it but that's how it is. Not liking it is no reason to accuse him of stealing your money." So @Roma - since your ego doesn't allow you to not have the last word, what is your point? Why are you questioning the integrity of those who have not delivered over those that have? Roma speaks for herself ;) @Roma - you are the grandstander. I have no interest in retracting any comment I've left on here, nor do I have any interest in using hashtags that have no function on this website. @Creator, it has been 12 months since you enjoyed the honor of 5685 people pledging $1012742 for your project. I understand that the average Kickstarter project funded at your level has a typical late delivery rate for the reward of eight months. At this point, I have read that your current estimate for delivering rewards is eleven months, and that only assumes that absolutely everything going forward goes according to a very ambitious plan of nothing going wrong. You are now allowing other backers to speak on your behalf, and they aren't doing your cause any favors, as there are several occurrences of @Roma being caustic toward other backers when it is very clear that we upset backers seek a direct, open, responsive, and honest response from you. As painful as it can be to go through this process, you are equally responsible to all of us - happy or not. I've long since paid my Visa card bill for $199 and have absolutely nothing to show for it. In the meantime, you have your lackies demeaning me and others that feel the same as me for having an opinion. Seriously, you really have to be cautious when you allow people to speak on your behalf. You saying that you are aware of our frustrations is not much solace. There are people on here that are seriously upset that our rewards have not been fulfilled. You should have read the comments by people that aren't happy. Their feelings are valid and certainly not to be ignored as they are among your backers. Acknowledgement of their feelings doesn't belong in an afterthought encapsulated in parentheses. My recommendation to you, @creator, is that you take a very serious look at your responsibilities as project creators and relate those responsibilities more closely to those who are rather upset that they have supported a project that is so abhorrently delayed. You may also want to reign in those you have allowed to speak on your behalf to make sure they aren't painting your company in a bad light. Rebuilding relationships with customers can be very difficult. @Michael, If I get a speeding fine in the classic car owned 50/50 by my brother and me, my problem is unrelated to him. AFAIK the Bedlam discount offer was 1) idea of HoH 2) profits to HoH 3) shipping by HoH 4) support by HoH. If you don't like that code try CREATORSFAILURE and see what that gets you :) @Brandon, you still here grandstanding? I note you have neither repeated your offensive assertion nor withdrawn it. #manup @Roma. The offer from HoH is unrelated to AGENT? Thats why the discount code is KSBACKER? What you are saying here becomes more and more ridiculous. You're just backing the @creator's failure. (my take on this) @Creator Will the pressure testing be done with all watch internals or just an empty shell? @Roma - the only thing I've accused you of is speaking out of turn on behalf of someone you have no business speaking for. You are in it because you stuck yourself into the middle of a conversation that doesn't concern you. Creator's comment, with Adam's earlier ones, helps reinforce my belief that we will get ceramic watches with cool glass backs. With that combination, I have no doubt I'll be choosing the leather band option over silicone. AGENT tres chic! My plastic/silicone Pebble tres pedestrian!! @Chris, your definition has two parts. If 12 months delay = permanent delay then we truly are in the age of entitlement. @Brandon, I am part of this little community and you diminish all of us by publicly accusing any one of us of theft. Keep us out of it. I just hope Agent smart-watch is keeping up with the improvements of Windows Phone. Roma theft is the act of dishonestly appropriating something with the intent to permanently deprive. Now I believe there's been dishonesty in the project with quite how far along they were with prototypes etc (right at the beginning when collecting pledges) and they're refusing refunds. Fits on both counts. This user's account has been deleted. @Creator, Can you clarify a few thing here. 1) Is the back case glass going the clear and transparent or frosted or etc 2) What would be the lead time to get to the production watch case after this round of fit validation? Thanks. @Roma - Where I live, people fight their own fights. This one isn't yours. @Brandon, where I live if you say someone has stolen your money you are saying they're a thief. I'll call anyone out for saying Creator is a thief. @Adam, you said in 20 words what took me 200 words. Damn you communications gurus! :) @Roma - Kickstarter's T&C's offer sufficient grey area for myself and other backers that feel slighted or cheated to formulate their own opinions regarding the status of their investment. I'm clearly not the only person on here who isn't happy. You just poking me with a stick is not doing what your trying to accomplish with your information sharing initiative. In fact, I'd say that starting arguments with other backers goes a long way in diminishing your credibility given your mission of being the positive voice all new technical things AGENT. Every disillusioned backer has the right to voice their opinion. At the end of the day, the backer has a huge role in determining whether or not the creators of the project have met their expectations. I honestly feel that a small majority of the backers are pleased with how things are going with this project. However, there exists a group of people that are quite vocal and passionate about their displeasure with this particular project. The creators owe it to their backers to be equally engaged and passionate with all of their backers, whether they are still happy or not. However, no one has logged into the project profile in 10 days. There's absolutely no faulting a person who is upset that current estimates are an 11-month delay in reward fulfillment, and that assumes that everything else goes forward without a hitch. Given that not one working mule has even been built, that's a dangerous assumption. All of the above being said, you picking and choosing unhappy people to make comments to isn't warranted. I'd probably feel differently about it if you responded to every comment made by someone who's not happy, but you don't do that... you chose me and a handful of others. That violates another KS T&C in my opinion, but I'd feel like a jerk if I actually called you out on it... so I won't. This user's account has been deleted. @Brandon, going by the KS terms and conditions no-one has stolen your money, and you know that. @Pekka, for all its faults, I would argue that communication from close to the source is better than none at all. I know that doesn't answer your question. One thing I do not understand about this whole Team BADAR thing. If the @Creator has time to communicate with two backers about what is going on, how he has no time to keep us updated here at Kickstarter? @Roma - It's the creator's responsibility to "be responsive" according to Kickstarter's rules. @Creator was also very clear to you that they are relying on your "Team BADAR" to share information. You put yourself as well as @Creator in a precarious situation when you cross the bounds and start trying to placate clearly upset investors that did the same as you and gave them money over a year ago. Not all of us have a "buddy-buddy" relationship with the folks at Secret Labs or House of Horology, so they need to understand that it is more imperative now than ever before for them to "be open, be responsive, and be honest." Therefore, if Chris or Lawrence (or an actual representative of SL+HoH would like to discuss my theft comment, I'm more than happy to engage with them. That being said, an admonishment from you is neither welcome or necessary. @Brandon, I am a backer who has also bought four pledges from other backers. I made email contact with Lawrence Leyderman from HoH in a desperate attempt to get information from the void of silence and I shared that news with other backers. I then posted 8 questions on here and got almost 100 other backers behind me. Those questions got detailed responses from Chris Walker from Secret Labs. He suggested that a small backers' team work with him on improving communications. He, and some backers, suggested me and fellow backer Adam Dzak for that team. Since then, the four of us have been in contact with each other on many occasions in different ways. That has resulted in Team BADAR (Backers Adam Dzak and Roma) being able to get out snippets of information to other backers. Also, Lawrence suggested a discount offer on his Bedlam watches unrelated to the AGENT project. Adam and I simply want to make this a better place until we all get our rewards. We don't think Chris has communicated well and we're trying to help while he's in engineering land getting our watches done. We receive no incentives of any kind to do this and we are under no NDAs or commercial arrangements with either SL or HoH. Hey there fellow backers - claim your $150 discount at HoH by using your Kickstarter backer name and discount code KSBACKER. @Brandon Middleton, roma and I have no connection whatsoever with either company other than proactively trying to be their voice on the comments here. @Roma - What is your connection with Secret Labs or House of Horology other than being a backer? @Ben, you do remember what's been posted here before? That I think AGENT will be ceramic with an edge-to-edge glass back? $85 is a bargain. I will buy it if you're prepared to sell to me. Please give me an email address. What button do I press to get my money back? I'll sell my pledge for $85, watch only. @Maaz, @ChrisJutting +1 from another WP user. :) @Maaz @Chris Jutting +1 No need repeating the words. @Maaz, I'm in the same boat as you. WP user, so my smart watch choices are extremely limited. The reason I backed AGENT was because they supported iOS, Android, AND Windows Phone, so no matter what device I end up with in the future I can use AGENT with it. Sure the delays suck, but I still think it will be a stylish and practical device when it eventually ships. As long as it tells me the time and gives me my notifications I don't really care if developers embrace it or not, as it will have fulfilled what I expected of it when I backed the project. I may be in the minority, but 1 year later, I still find this watch more appealing than the competition. I'm not interested in pursuing a refund or chargeback like many others who commented are. As a Windows Phone user, my options are limited and anything else in this price range either looks more like a fitness tracker than a watch or is limited to a single platform, with the exception of a possible watch from Microsoft that has not even been announced yet. I like the design of a Moto 360 but I'm unwilling to use Android. Everyone knows that the creator of the Agent made a mistake in estimating the times for production and everyone agrees that they should have given us more frequent updates. There were also numerous unexpected challenges in the design. However, there is no evidence that suggests that the product will not eventually be delivered. It should be expected that delivery of a Kickstarter project will be delayed by at least 6 months, often longer. This appears to be the norm after looking at various other projects. However, for everyone's sake, hopefully we can a more firm timetable soon. "An indication of that is the work being done to provide an edge-to-edge glass caseback. Would Creator put that on the back of a crappy device?" - just like the failed lightguide/backlight?, until I actually see an example of it, it's all just talk... Secret Labs and HoH had their window of opportunity and 10x the funds they said they needed to complete the project by December 2013, but instead they are failing miserably and still seem to think all is rainbows and unicorns and now have Team BADAR to run interference for them. Two thumbs up!! I just saw on engadget the new smartwatches coming out .... they look pretty cool. I still hope that this watch will offer something different. And that will be battery life. The smart watches that are pretty cool and offer neat screens will need to be charged every day or every few days. I want a watch that offers me updates and info, but has a battery life measured in weeks. I think this watch should be able to deliver. I do have to add that the project creator should have lit a fire under his production partners to get this out faster and let us know more often when they hit a road block. Thanks for the offer of a discount but I have already backed a mechanical watch on kickstarter which should arrive in August after successfully being funded in April. Cost a lot less than the HoH even with the discount. To be honest, I've sorta just forced myself to forget about the agent smartwatch.. figured that at some point in the distant future I'll recieve something and I'll play around with it for a couple of days and it'll end up in a drawer.. I'm actually expecting Nokia or Microsoft to release something before i get this Watch :P As an engineer myself with my own startup I really have a hard time understanding how it's possible to misjudge to production time by such a large margine.. I guess its the outsourcing, I've only heard bad things about it and it should be avoided by all costs or you end up with situations like this :/ @Jos Antonio Castao, Adam will post the details here within 24 hours. @Brandon Middleton, feel better now? It takes real guts to accuse someone of stealing over the internet. Creator has done a lot of things and made some big mistakes which have caused long delays. Read the Kickstarter terms and conditions and FAQ including this bit: "It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers." There is no indication that "the creator can't fulfill their project", in fact over the last week or so the evidence is quite to the contrary. The choice to refund or not is entirely his to make. You might not like it but that's how it is. Not liking it is no reason to accuse him of stealing your money. @Roma how i can to buy The bedlan with discount? Can you tell me this. Thanks for all Thanks for the non-response about the refund. If this thing ever shows up, I think I'll put it in a microwave and put the filmed results on youtube. But I'll keep the qi charger for other things that aren't over a year old when I get them. AGENT sucks. As far as I'm concerned, you've stolen my money. OK. I'm sick of waiting. This is another reason why I'll never come back to Kickstarter. I have sent a formal request for a refund. @Chucky, re the Bedlam discount offer, Lawrence offered it to me when I expressed interest in the watch and he knew I was an AGENT backer. I suggest you email him about it. I'll vouch for you if he asks. I know you're not necessarily asking Team BADAR the question is about refunds for the AGENT project but, to be clear, that matter is not part of our remit and we aren't taking a team position on it. We're working to improve communication to backers until AGENT is manufactured and shipped to all. No doubt you know the various ways to ask Creator the question. @Edwin Khang, the "endless delays" are ending. Light. Tunnel. This user's account has been deleted. Class Action lawsuit might be our only option with these endless delays. This user's account has been deleted. @Adam, that was quick! @Everyone, the $150 discount off the Bedlam range was the same deal I got, so no favouring Team BADAR! If you know of other AGENT backers who might be interested in a Bedlam at a great price, word them up. Creator can't post the news by emailed Update because this is a private offer from Lawrence Leyderman's House of Horology. Mine should be at home by the time I return from my travels so will report back on it. The testing Adam mentioned includes pressure testing. Lawrence regards the case manufacturer highly. He's in the quality watch business so the precision of the CNC-d fit validation pieces should be bloody good! Lining up the ducks now. This user's account has been deleted. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This user's account has been deleted. @luke ah yes you are right and those watches are now on Google Play. The Galaxy Gear Live is priced at $199 and the G Watch is $229 <url>"The final cases will NOT be steel". This is currently the test run to make sure everything well...fits together for production. <url>"iWatch" will come later this year... Pebble prices are falling like flies on swappa.com <url> Antonio Castao, back real soon. @creator Please show some respect to backers. Totally fed up with the project. Be transparent and gives us weekly updates on the status. You guys got over a million dollars over a year ago and have only delivered excuses. Please contact me about the details of my refund. I'd be interested in the Bedlam discount too but i need know how many money is that discount I'm happy for everyone that they are excited about getting a discount, it sounds like a good deal for you all. Just my opinion of how sad it's gotten around here when the thing everyone is most excited about is a watch that really has nothing to do with this kickstarter. =( But I'm happy for you all. ;) @Jeffrey Higgins II, gotcha. I'm am interested in the Bedlam discount. @Kenny, noted. @Richard, no offense taken. This is about an indication from House of Horology that they might offer our people here a great discount off a fantastic range of high quality fashion watches (see those ace Amazon reviews via your link). As said before, NOTHING to do with the AGENT smartwatch project. HoH get the money and ship and support THEIR watches. I don't know whether HoH are struggling or on easy street but I do know first-hand that Lawrence Leyderman is a true gentleman. This user's account has been deleted. If the Motorola 360 does indeed have QI charging, that will effectively end my interest in this project. We'll see tomorrow! I'd be interested in the Bedlam discount too. From my link, see the back of that baby? Now imagine the back of your AGENT in edge-to-edge glass! Hope that testing works out :) @Jorge @Adam, noted and thanks for your support. This is the one I'm getting <url>"substantial". Keep the good work guys! @J. It is a compensation. What else should it be? *Roma, not Romeo! @J, yep it's that simple. I got a great benefit from my discount and shared the info with Adam who is taking soundings. Chris has no involvement in this idea at all. I'm travelling right now and hope my Bedlam will be waiting for me when I get home later in the week. Will report back. @IOso @Ricky @Edmund @David, your possible interest noted. Back soon! @Michael, Team BADAR = Backers Adam Dzak and Romeo. We are working with Creator Chris but FOR our fellow backers to try to improve communication on this project. No payment, no kickbacks, no NDAs. We believe that we and our fellow backers will end up with really nice boutique smartwatches and we think the whole project will benefit from more positive engagement. That's it in a nutshell. I discount sounds interesting. They're expensive watches to start with though! $490 (plus $60 shipping for the UK and then probably another $100 in tax / duty) @Matthew @Michael It's simple: if you like a Bedlam watch and you're a backer then you can get a nice discount. that's it. Nothing more, nothing less. It's not a refund, not a compensation. It is just a small offer from HoH. I even think that Secret Labs (Chris) has absolutely nothing to do with this discount offer. @TeamBADAR, I'd be interested in said discount. Thanks. Sure hope Team BADAR is able to pull of a "substantial" discount. Keep up the great work team! Interested in a discount if it is as substantial as it was alluded to. Afraid I am with the others here regarding the discount. Why would I want to spend more money when I am still waiting for the watch I paid money for 12 months ago? I agree this is an attempt to appease everyone but I will be honest I do not think it will work. I am quite amused with Chris's offer to help those who want a refund to sell their watch after launch. If the watch launches when it said to (which I doubt) I expect other alternatives will be available with newer technology and functionality. At that point no one will want to buy it so Chris will not be able to find a buyer. I am starting to think people are better just accepting they will not get their money back unless they can attempt chargebacks. How are these processing?? How comes that some backers start to benefit from this mess here and get their refunds via discounts? Smart move from @creators Chris and HoH to schmooze single backers with discount coupons to avoid that the group of disappointed backers speaks with one voice. No, team BADAR (who's that?) isn't my team. No, I don't want a discount on even more watches from HoH, cause I am more the fed up with the one I once backed. I still believe that KS should step in and stop @creator fooling us. @Luke, great minds think alike? Leave it with Team BADAR for a few days. Of course the AGENT watchcase is modelled after the Bedlam look so that's another reason I backed AGENT! I really like the Bedlam range and as it happens... I am in need of a watch. Of course it all depends on what you mean by a large discount but it sounds interesting. @Everyone, Adam's post is the first official Team BADAR unofficial post. He and I have been in close communication with Chris Walker (SL) and Lawrence Leyderman (HoH) and we'll be putting out more news about AGENT when we can. The glass watchcase back sounds fantastic and the detail Chris has thought about is awesome. Hopefully the testing will work out. @Krog, sorry for the confusion. Adam was referring to possible discounts off House of Horology's Bedlam range of watches. Lawrence (HoH owner) gave me a huge discount offer when I asked him about the Bedlam - I love the design and they are very high quality watches. I used the code on their online store and am laughing all the way to the bank. Anxiously awaiting the watch to arrive in Sydney any day now. This has NOTHING to do with the AGENT project but the indications are that Lawrence might open the same offer to a limited number of AGENT backers. We'll know more when he gets back from his overseas visit. Adam's simply asking whether some AGENT backers might want an opportunity to get a Bedlam watch at a bargain price. Check them out at houseofhorology.com @Adam, quite frankly, you've left out quite a bit of details before coming to an angry mob asking about discounts. So for clarification and an attempt to have you avoid TONS of negativity..... Do you mean: 1. A discount that would be provided to the 5,685 backers from their original amount? 2. A discount on future watches? You can see how either of those is going to get a rash of negativity. You've got backers on here who have formally requested refunds from Chris without even a response. How is a discount going to help? Personally, for my own response, if the creator isn't willing to refund those who are unhappy, how is offering a discount going to help? From my standpoint, I offered $149 pledge. I don't need a discount, I need what I signed up for to be delivered. A discount at this point is useless to me since I don't believe these will ever be delivered. Hey everyone - thought I'd just chime in with a question and some news. I may be very very crazy for suggesting this, but is there anyone here who would be interested in a discount on HoH watches if that was something I could persuade the team into? It's my intention to ask that humbly to you (the other 5,684 backers) since by virtue of me even suggesting it as an idea I'm rather buckled up for the potential hate speech/negativity. So before a rumor starts or the negativity runs rampant about "They want more money" or whatever, I'm politely asking for your opinion if this is something ANYONE here would be interested in before I go asking directly on behalf of the rest of us. 1. Lawrence - I briefly caught up with him over the weekend and he's about to leave for a tripvisiting watch case and strap manufacturers overseas (and no, I don't have any names). He could not emphasize the following enough "I funded my entire trip oversees by myself; not a penny from the backers went toward my trip!" So there. Let's just squash rumor that before anyone suggests it. I should add, he isn't going to meet random manufacturers. He's going to get updates on the company physically producing The Agent. Believe me, I want to know more too - so I'll make sure to get some more questions in asap on his return. 2. Chris - It's come to my (Adam Dzak's) understanding that the watchcase BACK (as in the part that is going to sit directly on top of the Qi charger and on your wrist) is currently very likely to be a very special type of strengthened glass. Make no mistake, there is certainly testing to be done and I think we can all agree nothing is "final" until it ships (especially if it's going to have screws that attach into it). But, said glass will run edge to edge like an iPad or iPhone backing - and yes, I know the current iPhones have metal, some have plastic, but...cut me a break. This is the best example I could think of. However a primary difference is it's chemically strengthened, non-allergenic, and will not get cold in the way sapphire does. @FrankyB, what I do have is a basis for making my comment. @Kathleen Ferrie, from Creator: "October/November 2014 - regulatory clearance; begin production and fulfillment of smartwatch rewards". See the schedule halfway through all the comments underneath Update #20. @Chris Jutting, interesting development. It appears it might be a custom charging station for the watch only. That would be unfortunate. @Creator, Unfortunately is seems all the unique things the AGENT had over the competition is slowly dwindling... <url>"World's Smartest Watch" and why it is so. In this I would like to see comparison charts of features of the watch compared to those that are out now and also those that are coming out in the same timeline as the Agent. Though that might be difficult to do as they don't really have a timeline. @Creator: I appreciate that you guys have been working very hard to solve some of the very challenging engineering problems with this kind of product. Could I request that apart from the 10 hours/week you guys spend on emails and comments you keep some extra time to make updates, even if they read "Nothing to report". I still have tremendous faith in you guys. Thanks, @Glenn, from Creator: "October/November 2014 - regulatory clearance; begin production and fulfillment of smartwatch rewards". See the schedule halfway through all the comments underneath Update #20. The arrogance of not even giving us a new estimate of when it might be ready is a reason we should be allowed to get our money back and be done with it. Honesty has to play some role in these transactions. We will be on iPhone 12 by the time he finishes, if he finishes. He is putting a bad name to this whole approach. As soon as I see a Smart Watch on the market that I like, I will purchase it. I will donate his to the Museum of Failed Projects from Crowd-sourcing ! (if it ever is produced, something smells fishy) I don't understand the constant delays, and we are talking about a project that was funded 10x more that the pledged. Is a complete lack of respect for the money I put in. And the explanation that about the usage of a different type of CAD, or having some language barrier is completely ridiculous. If not refund, can I take my 200$ and put in some other project? or even give it to charity? I just think that I will never see either the money or the watch. Why? Because I believe that there is no money to finish the project, and due to the constant delays is no longer a profitable business and no bank will give credit to a failure. Besides the watches that were already released - Pebble, Gear, and others, Apple will probably launch their in the end of the year and then, this project will be completely dead. If i receive the watch, I will leave it in a close box and wait 20 year to become a vintage watch. Then maybe I can get some return from my investment. I am looking to try to get a refund as well, if anyone has any information on that, please pass it along. Thanks in advance. Cheers for update Chris @Ralf Re timing update, did you see my post about 8 comments down? Re budget resources update, did you see Creator's answers on the forums?<url>"@Michael, presumably you are free to contact KS yourself? If and when you do, please share with us what they say." Be assured, I did and I will do again contact KS. And I hope that others will complain at KS also. Maybe KS will see that @creators and projects like this impact the idea of crowd funding and KS business as well. @Roma "@Michael, presumably you are free to contact KS yourself? If and when you do, please share with us what they say." Be assured, I did and I will do again contact KS. And I hope that others will complain at KS also. Maybe KS will see that @creators and projects like this impact the idea of crowd funding and KS business as well. How do I get a refund? With all due respect to the Agent Watch creators, my patience has come to an end. Sorry to say, I'm simply not excited about this watch anymore, thanks to not meeting the original delivery times and having no clue whatsoever if and when those watches will ever be manufactured and delivered. I would kindly asked to be refunded. Thank you. Potentially less than 1 microamp of power!? <url>"October/November 2014 - regulatory clearance; begin production and fulfillment of smartwatch rewards". Schedule halfway down Update #20 comments. @Creator, Thanks for keeping us up to date on the progress! I'm looking forward to seeing the pictures in the next update ;) Hey @Creator. Thanks for the short update. We enjoy hearing about what is going on, even if it isn't much. Hi Guys, any news on shipment? I understand that it's complex process but Apple seem to be releasing tier version very soon, I am a little concerned about the delivery of this product as other organisations seem to be creating something very similar Any news on when this watch will be shipping? Thanks @Justin Nunan, Sorry, thought you were asking when backers would get return on investment i.e. our watches. @Roma/BADAR Thanks for the info, I will be looking forward then for more infos :) @Mirco, Team BADAR reporting for duty. We've been listening, data-gathering, emailing, PM-ing and Skype-ing between us and with Creator. Several ideas in the mix. I expect you will see a Team communique, if not something from Creator, very soon. Stay tuned! @roma I appreciate you 'standing in front of the bus' for the @creator. But the wrong person responded and the question wasn't addressed. @BADAR How's it going? Do you already have some sweet news for us? after all the debacle at least I have Omate on my wrist as chunky wrist watch - not gonna use it to make call coz that will void the water resistant warranty. :p wonder where we are with Agent? Can i get a refund also Can I get a refund? At one time the title "The World's Smartest Watch" may have been an acceptable idea. Even though it was a bit of marketing hype. But now it is become a farce. Delivered on time might have still maybe it an early runner to what was to come. ,But now it seems to be a fallacy and absurd. @fmotta-I'll see your C64 and raise you a Timex Sinclair 1000 (W/16K RAM module) and a TRS-80. @creator What is the revised battery life estimate with the new backlights? Both normal mode and watch face mode. Original estimate I believe was one week for normal and 30 days for watch face mode. @Pekka, Michael asserted that the risks weren't fully described and I responded to that. I don't know those other words you quoted were untruthful. The backlight assembly was disclosed as being a custom one so that obviously carries both extra risk and cost. Surely the circuitry and core software needed to be done first so Creator knew whether or not he could deliver a smartwatch. And those "main challenges" were stated as risks and surely they were and still are. @Roma: You omitted nicely couple of things from the project page. From "The Road to Your Wrist": "Upon successful funding of this Kickstarter campaign, we will use raised funds to create watchcase molds and production circuit boards. We will then obtain the necessary international certifications for wireless radio and wireless power devices (FCC, CE, Qi). We also need to pay for one-time engineering costs for items like our custom backlight assembly." From "Risks and challenges" "Before starting this Kickstarter campaign, we created the electrical circuitry and core software for the AGENT smartwatch. That is the riskiest part of the project, and we felt that we needed to take that risk ourselves. As we move towards production, our main challenges are in final integration, wireless certifications, and parts deliveries." And what Michael posted: "Turned out that Chris had a lot of work to do and to fine tune everything including the charger/backlight among other things."" In my opinion what is said on project page and what HoH said are pretty far apart. @Michael, presumably you are free to contact KS yourself? If and when you do, please share with us what they say. You say risks weren't described fully. On the home page there are several paragraphs about risks and challenges including these: "As we move towards production, our main challenges are in final integration, wireless certifications, and parts deliveries. The AGENT smartwatch is a combination of electronics, software, and watch hardware. We are confident in our design. To deliver a premium product, it is sometimes necessary to spend extra time tuning circuit board designs, refining software, or adjusting mechanical tolerances. ... Finally, we have integrated cutting-edge components into the AGENT smartwatch. Brand-new components sometimes incur longer lead times. We have excellent relationships with these component suppliers and are coordinating closely with them to ensure that parts arrive on time." If you believe Creator is truthful in his claim that the backlight problem was the main cause for the long delay, the now-rejected backlight clearly fell into the category of a "cutting-edge" and "brand-new" component. You can question Creator's judgment in persevering with that bleeding-edge backlight solution for too long, but I don't think you can say the project risks were not adequately described during the funding phase, unless you think Creator should have given a detailed list of all the key components and then quantified the risk against each of them. I have never seen that done before on Kickstarter. However, if you believe Creator lied about the backlights and other things then no amount of discussion about risk will satisfy you. Did somebody tried to contact KS to have them follow up with @creator about his incorrect representation of the project status during funding phase? The projects risks weren't described fully. @Justin, see Creator's earliest comment (1June) underneath Update #20 for the schedule. Shipping planned to commence by November 2014. Please advise when funding's to be returned. Even Private Equity investors grow impatient... @Matthew I got the impression that they were just shopping for test equipment, not doing any actual testing yet. @Roma Thanks - not sure that there is any value in pressure testing something when you don't know what the final materials will be, but I'm sure that Chris and the House of Horology know how best to spend a million dollars. No doubt at some stage we'll see the fruits of the pressure testing, but I'd have thought that unless you know what the materials will be, there isn't much point in pressure testing anything else. If Chris and House of Horology know what the materials are, it would be nice to share that information - it's almost a year since the project ended, and they haven't decided what materials to use to make the watch yet (or if they have, that detail hasn't been shared in anything that I've read, hence the question) @Matthew, look for creator's comment below dated 3 June or maybe the day earlier in the US. It discussed the pressure testing process and equipment. @Michael: Thanks - Queue up a sassy statement related to steps #1&2 of my guidelines below. Bloody amateurs... I've not read every comment, but people have mentioned things from the creator about pressure testing. Does this mean that we know what the watch will be made of, what the glass will be etc. and I've missed it? How can you pressure test something without knowing what it's made of? @Michael - thanks for sharing that. At least we know that the creator wasn't 100% open with his partners as well as his backers. @Michael, Wow. Quote from pm from HoH: "The technology is mainly what has delayed this project and I can assure you that I also was whole heartedly under the same impression as you  that the technology aspect of the watch was 100% complete and that we would be able to go right into production soon as the funding was over. Turned out that Chris had a lot of work to do and to fine tune everything including the charger/backlight among other things." Kreyos beat you to the punch, AGENT <url>"1 Year since Funding" anniversary party? ;) @fmotta, that doesn't detract from my point about the difference between TrueSmart's parentage and Agent's and that difference being one rational explanation for the longer delays in the Agent's case. In fact, if you take the duration from the project funding dates to the estimated/actual delivery dates, there is not much of a relative difference between the projects. In your case, delivery of your TS was meant to be last November but you got yours in March - 2.5 times the estimated duration. Many are only getting their TS now - 4 times the estimated duration. In Agent's case it will be 3 times the estimated duration if they deliver in November. Yes, "if". None of this is meant to excuse the highly optimistic estimates set for Agent or the fact that a very high proportion of Kickstarter project creators, including Umeox/Omate, do exactly the same thing. Yet the KS platform has harvested more than $1 billion of our money and provides no normal consumer protection. Go figure! @Roma & Alvin Lua: Regardless of the work required for this project relative to the Omate (I have my Omate as well - and have had it for a few months)... I was not the person who set forth the scheduled/estimated delivery date for either of these projects. It was the project creator (at least I presume so). With that in mine.... December 2013 (estimated AGENT delivery) and November 2013 (Omate delivery) are not that far apart. Yet, AGENT is not even close to production (restating here that this is the schedule set forth by the AGENT project creator and not Us). Let's presume equally capable teams and skilled project management and compare the delivery dates and we would have had the AGENT already Not hearing that AGENT is awaiting first-article verification for the case. Do not send these watches! After waiting six months longer than anticipated, the funds I set aside to pay for the import taxes has been used to cover bills for the summer. #studentlife Also, will the watch look like the Kickstarter image? Looked cool half a year ago, but after seeing the Pebble Steel, Moto360 etc., this looks like a brick. @Roma, thanks for the info, hopefully Agent really can deliver and even exceed our expectations... @Alvin Lua, Omate is controlled by Umeox and the Truesmart is a re-badged SimValley. With Agent, they're starting completely from scratch. That's a big difference. Also, while it's not fair to compare quality because we don't have Agent on our wrists, the feedback on KS and other places about Truesmart's quality ranges from ordinary to appalling. Let's see how well made Agent is. I have high expectations of it in that regard. i just received my Omate TrueSmart in Singapore yesterday. Their campaign ended in September 2013, 3 mths later than this campaign and yet they delivered earlier. I really do hope AGENT's Creator/team will deliver the watches to us all by Nov 2014 like they claim they would. I still have my Apple ][e sitting on my shelf downstairs with floppy drive, Zenith green screen monitor and the extra 128k card! @kcjnz: My Color Computer was the early version so I had to "piggy-back" a memory upgrade. Then after getting OS9 running I hacked a prototype double-sided 5.24" floppy drive I bought from a local surplus store and the ROM so it'd boot and I a had 256KB floppy! :) TRS80 FTW! @Tim: I finally smoked my Commodore 16 in one of my many hardware hacks several years ago... I also loved my Agenda VR3 and it still works. I had to toss most of my systems that were water damaged in 1990. Those were the ones that were large enough to be at the bottom. My bazillion handhelds were all in bags at the top :) @fmotta I'll see your Zarus and raise you a Commodore 16: <url>#20 or just go here <url>#18. The preferred lighting solution (special film on front of the display) turned out not to be viable, so they had to go back to the drawing board and completely re-design for a more conventional, but customised, backlight solution. Update #20 gave some insight as to what's ahead and the schedule for the next months was outlined in Creator's comment underneath that Update. It is estimated that the project may be ready by November (5 months away). 1. What actually happens in those 5 months? As someone who has no idea, 5 months seems like a very long time. It seems longer when the estimated date was months ago. 2. Did something change dramatically to have such a huge delay. I know you mentioned something about pieces being delayed but was that something you were unable to plan accordingly for? @Dino the creator repeatedly dodges questions that are asked time and again. Frankly this alone destroys any faith I have in them - openness and transparency are required for a good relationship. @Nicolai - I don't disagree with you what so ever. I'll see if something like this could be drafted @Nicolai Kragh-Hansen, that timeline alone is awesome. @Creator, @Roma & @AdamDzak, this is a good example of how to start an update on a delayed project <url>j vu. AGENT schedule now November. Latest rumors have Apple's wearable launching in October. Where is AGENT? @Dino: KS is a mess because of the lack of application of a logical paradigm for management of the information not because of KS web site features (much). I am not asking that the creator move data around now that the debacle is done. I am asking that the paradigm that simplifies the process be applied from now on (especially since the paradigm is not only obvious for any intelligent person but because the information on usage has been spelt out in the event that use of the obvious paradigm escaped the creator.) I am FAR from dissuading the creator from regular updates (at least a paragraph a week should work for most people). I am simply requesting that intelligent application of the web site be applied that applies to the simple and obvious paradigm. Well, that and ship the product in a timely manner within a reasonably small variation from the estimated delivery date - Early is best!) @fmotta - the creator puts update on the updates page, 20 of them do far, so over one per month. He also posts comments, in answer to questions raised by backers. Sometimes they're on the comments section of the updates page, sometimes they're on the comments section of this page. So should he now turn all comments into updates? Kickstarter is a mess, with two separate comments sections, no way of quoting, no way of even editing comments and it's like that for all projects. Let's not start dissuading creator from posting though, as that's been the main complaint over the last few weeks. For those who are not used to a common use model for keeping up on your backed projects (at one that woks for me until Creators fail to use Updates for their purpose) I log onto KS and clock on the pic that is my icon on the top right and select "Activity". Then I get all the Updates for all the projects in order of most recent at the top. If there is a new Update or a message then I know it before I click my icon because of a green dot along side my icon. So, when a responsible project creator posts Updates then I find them in the Activity page and then I can go read that Update. If the creator fails to follow this paradigm that simplifies use of this site then I have to search around and waste time (which allows me the opportunity to increase my skills at patience and then apply my skills at frustration management). By using Updates for... Updates we get Updates at the Activity page that shows Updates for all projects backed. Not a challenge to understand, use, nor apply. REALLY. @Joshua: Occasionally I do sleep and drive at the same time (Not really). I seldom get word play on this board. So, it escaped me by context. Sorry. I could try to explain the joke, but then by it's very nature it would cease to be. Zen. @DigitalPH: Thanks for the response. Seems silly. I cannot see the Updates posted by the project creator and I must weed through any comments that are associated with other projects onto which they may have commented. So, instead of scrolling through several pages of information that is specifically related to a project I just have to scroll through many Different pages and sort out other projects (Updates and creators comment pages). Updates were created for Updates. It really is not all that confusing of a title for a feature and its purpose. Of the ~100 projects I have backed THIS is the only one that cannot figure this out. @Joshua: Yes, I am making while sleeping and driving. I am making as a process of thought. I think it's part and parcel of being from my lineage as we create/make things as we see things to be made (even in dreams). @fmotta, you can read all of project creator's comments (either in the updates or comments section) by going to the creator's full bio > full profile > comments. No need to scroll down several pages. HTH. @fmotta just so long as you aren't making things while sleeping and driving. @Joshua: I see that our choices are not mutually exclusive. I see that the ease of use is the key. For me, scanning one gigantic main comments page as a pain to find where the Creator posted something new and seeing it on an Update where I can readily see the Creators Update and then comment/read others comments related to the Update is simple. If the Update is done weekly then there is likely little content and discourse is done with ease where a 5,000 comment page is akin to a long boring book that has no chapters that can separate the differing portions of the story. @Adam: I am making things almost all the time. Sometimes even when I sleep and while driving. it's just what I have done all my life. I'd like to see AGENT watches made and delivered with a reasonably short deviation from the schedule set forth by the project manager. Well, that's not going to happen based on the apparent inactivity that took place up to this point. So we're still bickering, no one is actually making stuff eh? NOTE: GET EXCITED AND MAKE THINGS. Your metaphor illustrates our fundamental difference in how we view this. I like the smaller updates here where I can easily discourse with/about them, so I feel like this is the "no stick" solution. I see where it isn't for you, and that stinks. @Roma: This may be a more correct representation of your statement: "you're certainly in the vocal minority (of 1)" meaning that I am vocal and we are not hearing from some ~5000 others (approximately since 5,685 - 13 is more than that). If I have to go to a minimum of 2 pages for each of the ~100 projects I back then that is 200 pages (minimum) to get information about these projects. If the information is put onto an Update and the comments are posted to the Update then I can get Updates on one page for each project (my math is terrible, but that appears to reduce this by about 1/2). All by the simple process of using the method of Update rather than reading each of the updates, the project comments, and the project creators comment summary (which is by the way 3 pages per project so I was understating the overhead above). Updates are logically and intelligently posted in a strange place... Updates. @Joshua: I understand that hearing "something" is better than nothing and agree. I have more than 1 project I am backing. So, hunting for Updates is far more difficult if it is not in an Update. I can also understand that being hit by a smaller stick is better than a large stick. But, not getting hit with a stick at all is best. I am (metaphorically speaking) requesting that we are hit with no stick (post regular/weekly updates in the Update area). @fmotta, re placement of information, you're certainly in the minority (of 1) among the 13 responses to Creator's latest post. There is nothing "prescribed in the process" and the last Update was only 5 days ago. And you can read all Creator's comments together with a single mouse click, as I'm sure you know. If you dislike what's been happening with information over the last few days then you probably won't like a couple of unofficial and unpaid backers (Adam Dzak and Roma) working with Creator to get more information out. To pre-empt your questions: 1. It's not a conspiracy 2. We will not get any information which is under NDA and we aren't subject to NDA with Creator 3. Our info will be identifiable as a Team post - usually under Adam Dzak's name 4. The info will not be our own speculation unless we say otherwise 5. We might make the odd mistake but not intentionally and Creator will correct us 6. Creator will continue posting whenever and whatever he likes 7. Our info will not be official Updates but posted as comments 8. This won't shut me up or stop me posting my own comments @fmotta I see your point, but a lot of us were looking for just this sort of feedback from him, and appreciate the way he is currently doing it (as opposed to posting every little thing in the update section) It still does not resolve the extreme tardiness for this project and the evident lack of application toward meeting the schedule that YOU set nor the lack of consistent updates. Project creators/managers need to inform backers regularly (at least a paragraph a week - if that is too hard then maybe McD can use another manager/burger fipper). @Creator: Evidently you are attempting to manage updates differently than the other ~100 projects I have backed. Updates (mini or otherwise) belong as "Updates" (I know - that can be a confusing title for some to understand - not my choice to use the obvious title...). Please consider doing as is prescribed in the process and at least 100 other KS projects have had little challenge adhering with and use this method of communication as it is intended so that we (the backers) will find the updates rather than having to search through the project to find the... UPDATES. Nice update. Thank you for updating us. @Creator - great mini update - this is exactly what I have been looking for. It keeps me interested in the project and I love technical details. Please keep it up. +1 @Dino @Creator- nice mini update and hopefully I'm not speaking for just myself when I say it'd be great to see some video of one of the cases being tested. Just something from a phone camera will do that doesn't cost or delay. You can then stick it on YouTube or Vine or your Facebook page. During the funding you said you wanted to keep the backers involved and I think that is the sort of thing most would like. We don't need long, carefully worded statements, just a quick link to you pushing some electronics into a case or trying to drown it. I doubt many of us have built a smart watch and part of the appeal was the opportunity to see what you have to do - the good, the bad and the boring Omate Truesmart: Rated IP67 water resistant when fundraising. KS promo even showed a guy emerging from a swimming pool wearing it. 1 year warranty but Omate later withdrew it for any water damage. Pebble: Rated 5ATM when fundraising. Achieved by welding the watch together. It can't be opened without destroying the watch. 1 year warranty. AGENT: Rating TBA when fundraising. Waterproofing testing research and precision engineering indicates that a serious rating will be given. Watch can be opened to replace the battery or for repairs. 2 years warranty. Who's the backer saying AGENT will be available in Shenzhen for $5? @Creator, thanks for the mini update! It's much appreciated, and I'm looking forward to more of those in the future :) @Creator +2 from BADAR :) @Creator: Yes, these kinds of mini updates is exactly what we want to see more often. Thank you for sharing and keeping us in the loop. It is very refreshing to have you here now. @Creator I hope the updates will come in more often. As what @spaztastic said, lack of frequent updates is the main cause for the hate train. Keep the updates rolling in often. I can bet everyone will be eager to wait for it. This user's account has been deleted. @creator This mini update is exactly the kind of stuff we've been begging for! Thank you for posting it! @Creator. Thanks. How much $$$ of inventory is being carried for AGENT ? How much is left to order ? @...well people who want to know what's going on with team BADAR (we need to work on that name :) ). Myself, Chris, and Roma are all in async communications with one another (but I suspect it will become synchronous relatively soon between Roma and I). Right now, it's my goal to catch up with Roma during an evening (hopefully this week) to then figure out how to best proceed forward with communication with Chris and in turn to you (backers). That said, I should emphasize as Chris did in the general comments section that Roma and I aren't receiving any official titles, hats, or compensation of any kind. We are merely two people (who are backers) choosing to volunteer our time to try to get more information out to everyone on a more frequent basis. @glen most folks here would have been perfectly content if creator had bothered to post anything on a semi regular basis. Lack of information has been driving the hate train not delays. Thanks for the update. Just wanted to voice a positive comment after reading through some of the posts here. Yeah, its a shame it is running late, but that's always a risk. I feel a bit bad for you guys, as some people are acting like that have risked $200,000 not $200. Must be pretty stressful... Anyways, no need for a response. Spend the time on making the watch. @Chris Jutting, thanks. BADAR will take this up - Blogger Adam Dzak And Roma. @Creator, I really appreciate the behind the scenes stuff in some of the comments. While it is unfortunate that it's been pushed back again to oct/nov i will try my best to wait patiently for delivery. All I ask is that you update us more than once a month. Hopefully if you collaborate with Roma to provide some updates it will hold us over to the larger updates. @creator, thanks for answering those, it gives me a lot more confidence that you've put thought into areas that haven't been talked about much. I'm well aware of various panelization techniques and the importance of fiducials, In particular my question digging at depanelization methods, You have several components very close to the edge, and if you go with a 'pizza cutter' depanelling of notched boards, you run a risk of stress fracturing the solder joints and creating an intermittent connection - which can be difficult to pick up even in ICT. Since you speak of the need to sand and clean the boards, it doesn't sound like that's the way you are going. Cost of manufacturing depends much on volume, but at least for integrated circuit boards 80/20 is a good rule of thumb (where 80% is material cost and 20% is manufacturing value add) . With lower volume and initial runs, it might slip closer to 60/40. This is for the circuit board manufacturing only, cost of mechanical assembly and final test will skew those ratios, which is why offshoring is so popular when there is significant mechanicals involved. @creator yeah, we're generally good folk way up here, ya know. And I do like a good pasty. But if we need be known by one thing, I'd rather it be "fargo" than lutefisk. Even though the former is in North Dakota. @Adam Dzak, yep he sure ain't lying. Lots there. @creator ain't lying. Looks like I have a rather lengthy message to get through. @creator - if the circuit internals are finalized, have you factored in panelization? Just a comment that based on the pics of the design you shared in a previous update, if not properly panelized with considerations toward depanelling, you're going to run into quality issues. Hopefully, you've also worked with someone on DFM (design for manufacturability). Also, if the circuit design is complete, you should have a costed BOM (bill of materials) and already set someone from SCM (supply chain management) working on sourcing based on leadtimes, and looking into other approved vendors to avoid single sourcing key components. I've spent many years in the industry...... there's lots of gotchas if someone isn't on top of these type of things. @Roma, So if update 18 (late March) says that the backlight design is now complete allowing them to order molds (same update says molds would be ordered April 15, and production samples of the backlight in hand by June 16, why are they now not receiving the prod samples until September? There is an incredible amount of dead time in the schedule. As long as the schedule lag/slack is being used productively, I can understand, but every indication is that every individual task in this endeavour is being treated as a serialized process creating an unnecessarily long timeframe. @Creator, Chris I just PM'd you about helping. I'll do whatever I can. Thanks for setting me straight about the backlights. I've tivoed it, but haven't gotten around to watching it yet. It amazes me how many people I have met through the years that reference it upon learning where I am from. @Joshua, in the TV series the original crime happens in Bemidji and the lead female is a cop with the Bemidji PD. The action moves to Duluth and the baddies hail from Fargo. Up to Episode 6 in Australia now. It's the best! My 1955 Oldsmobile Rocket 88 came from your state too! Small world. @roma we,re practically neighbors! Seriously, though, my favorite sister lives in Fargo, I'm usually there a few times a month @Kingwild, from Creator's comment on the Updates page 13 hours ago: "@Wayne Daniells -- because you asked: on average I tend to spend more than 40 hours a week on AGENT and less than 40 hours a week managing and working at chief engineer at Secret Labs. Sometimes that comes in a mid-day split and sometimes that comprises of multi-day marathon sessions. But to make sure everything gets done, I set time budgets and spend time focusing on each instead of splitting focus and doing a disservice to this project and the team." The 10 hours per week to which you refer is part of the 40pw he says he spends on the Agent project. @Shawn, yes the backlights are custom. From Update 18: "Since February we have worked with that team to designmechanically, electronically and opticallya second, traditional backlight. That backlight design is now complete, enabling us to make molds (which we will then use to create production backlights)." They are traditional in the sense that they sit behind the display rather than on top of it, but apparently they still need to be customised to fit this watch. Thanks Roma, I missed the updated schedule. It does raise questions about the risk mitigation strategy as evidenced by these two items: August 1 2014 - backlight molds complete; order production backlight samples September 1 2014 - receive and test backlight samples; make final tweaks to watch case Maybe I'm missing something, are the backlights custom and cannot be ordered until molds are complete? Looks like there's a full month dedicated to just waiting on samples. Is there no parallel activity ongoing during this time? Is the charger design finalized? What work and risk remains there? @Adam Dzak, I'm in too. My motivation is to get the nicest possible watches in the shortest possible time by freeing up Creator to do what he does best. @Joshua page, from Bemidji? I'm loving Fargo right now! @Kingwild, clearly there is no procedure as refunds aren't on offer and they don't need to be because Creator still intends to deliver the rewards. He has offered several times to help people sell when their watches are ready, but that's the only thing we've seen. That's just how it is. @Matt Mayatt +1. I want exactly that. Actually, five of them - one for me and the others as gifts for my sons and other special people in my life :) Well I'm happy about the update , as long as my Agent watch looks cool , is made out of premium materials and does notifications its all good. I'm OK with the timeline as long as the above make it into my Agent watch. Am I the only one who sees an estimated delivery of december 2013 in the original project, which is now replaced by december 2014 and this will run up to Q1 2015 at least? I want to pint out that Kreyos did the same thing and yes, the first batch of 5000 pieces is now on a boat on their way to a shipping center. And they were only a few months behind schedule. Glad I ordered 2 of them. For now, this whole project is starting to be a huge disaster where we all get a beautiful watch case with outdated technology. And a few questions: - Why do you keep censoring questions on your own forum? - You raised over a million dollars to do this project and you choose to part time it for about 10 hours a week? What were you thinking when you lured all backers in to this project with an estimated delivery of december 2013? - You probably knew right from the start to you were never going to make the deadline. And you still choose to work with part time engineers. WHY?? - One of the backers asked what would have happened if you only raised the initial goal of $100.000. Then you still had to meet your initial offer. I'd like an answer for this too. And final: Where's your refund procedure? I think a lot of backers or investors would like to have their money back so they can buy the smartest watch NOW instead of next year. I trusted you with my money and you failed from my point of view. In the real world we would be negotiating compensation right now. Atta boy! @adam dzak My PM is off sharing how to get in touch with me and willingness to do all of this for nothing in return. For those that missed it - @creator acknowledged "the eight questions"/is willing to form a communication group from backers. +1 for pics of something besides a graph or rendering. @creator Thank you for finally giving us some real details of the current progress and an ETA of deliver. One thing I would like to see though going forward is actual pictures of the molds and actual parts. This would real help backup what you are saying in your updates and let everyone know that you are really being truthful. This is what Kyero is doing with their smart watch and it has made their backers very happy even with the delays they have been having. @Creator, Thanks for the info in the watch case. Please do have pictures on the fit validation samples and do show how they all fit together. @Roma thank you for your effort, really. Still, we haven't received answerds to all our questions, nor did we get any sufficient detail. Not your fault, mate. Still, we need to keep the pressure up to ensure that this is not a flash in the pan. @Backers, thanks for supporting those questions. None of us is going to be completely happy with every answer, however I think we have had more open and detailed information from Creator than ever before. I think he was genuinely surprised by the extent to which we got together and agreed on some core questions, so well done everybody. I still feel positive about this project and I hope the detailed info we're getting isn't a flash in the pan. An Aussie ooroo to you all. @Creator, Like to know if the fit-validation sample that you are ordering is based on the actual case material that would be used for the final production? @Shawn McIntyre +1 for pics. Easy to do and reassuring for backers. Re updated schedule, Creator posted one on the Updates page 5 hours ago viz. "Also, a quick update on our estimated timeline. Quite a few backers asked that we provide an updated schedule as we cross each milestone, so I want to make sure we include that with this update. Estimated timeline (approximate): May 31 2014 - order watch case fit-validation samples June 20 2014 - received samples; begin sample approval July 1 2014 - order backlight and watch case molds August 1 2014 - backlight molds complete; order production backlight samples September 1 2014 - receive and test backlight samples; make final tweaks to watch case October 2014 - assemble final production samples; full system testing October/November 2014 - regulatory clearance; begin production and fulfillment of smartwatch rewards This updated timeline includes the extra six weeks used to get the watch cases ready for sample production and the extra fit-validation samples requested by the watch case team." Shame that the creator won't engage in conversations in public. "please let us know what you'd like to see" An up dated schedule for starters. And how about some actual pictures of what is being worked on so we get a sense of what is being done. Wow. About as non descript of an update a struggling project could give. Awful nice soft shoe routine dancing around the answers your backers deserve though. With the number of comments from creator about how expensive things are, and how the 'should' have enough budget', just how the hell were you planning to finish this is you only hit your original goal? Further proof that you've been without a plan and schedule from the start and your 'winging' it, which is leading to this mess. As for the complexity of watches? Nice update, but go to the watchuseek forums sometime. I can point you to many individuals who have developed, prototyped, produced, and shipped entire lineups of mechanical watches in a few months. @Roma - you would do a great job as part of a volunteer pr team. I hope you keep asking questions and keep doing the wonderful job by trying to get information to backers who need it. @Creator It was a long enough update with little hard facts covered in loads of deception So, I give a short interpretation of what you've said for those who think it was tl;dr... 1) Financing is unclear as there are outgoing expenses and the project is running over time. There might or might not be a backup plan 2) Staffing consists of part-timers only. 3) You mill cases to tolerances of 0.25 mm without knowing the material yet. 4) You expect delivery by the end of 2014 - a full year late. Now here is what I think: We are almost a year behind schedule. Still we are only in the first trimester of the original plan. Nothing to show in terms of stuff-in-hand. This makes me continue to point out that at the current progress rate the estimated time of delivery will be in three to four YEARS, not months. You staff only part-timers and rely heavily on external workforce. This has a lot of risks and you've just sampled a few of them in terms of different CAD software being used. May I remind you that even bigger projects like Airrbus A380 suffered from software differences and there it was only a minor version difference. I do not want to imagine what still lies ahead... Now for my interpretation: You follow the rules of Kickstarter as good as you think you have to, but you fail to follow the sense of Kickstarter. You are playing for time. You know that every day the electronics will become cheaper, that every months frustrated backers are waiting they will be agreeing on more compromises and once Apple, Motorola, Samsung, Nokia/Microsoft and all the others have released their (much smarter) watches, nobody will care about your not-so-smart watch anymore. All you do is just enough to keep the project from stalling, hoping that enough backers will silently drop out and forget ($200 is not that much, is it) and that those who still hang on give up being frustrated by the lack of progress. Even IF - and I do not believe that - you would be able to deliver in Q4 2014, the major competition will be already on the market and they will be much smarter, which means the "World's Smartest Watch" will be dead in the water and no business except for the backers can be created. O, in other, more simple words: This is dead. You have had a window of opportunity and it passed. A long, long time ago. Now all you can do is play for time and hope that there will be no class action suit coming on.... @Creator, I'm happy to help if I can. However, I have no technical expertise and there is a time zone issue with me being 14+ hours ahead of NY. Maybe the best I can do is try to gather and group backers' questions? Anyway, I'll think about it and PM you in the next day or so. I'm beyond happy that the creator is finally answering questions. @brent that's about enough. You are acting like a school yard bully, and not adding an ounce of value to the conversation. @creator is here, right now, providing answers. You may not like them, but you should respect the rest of us, and not ruin our discourse with constant, childish retorts to everything he posts. @creator - bout time you did something right. Roma, Adam, and other backers would be a great team for you. @creator - "willingly posting misinformation is a violation of Kickstarter rules." Look in the mirror when you say that. @creator - say what you want. Roma has done a far better job than you ever could dream of when it comes to trying to help answer backer questions. I personally don't give a shit what you think of me. I think your watch is going to be outdated and a prime example of tryin to promote outdated junk. You keep talking about making a profit with your company and just so you realize, we the backers put you here. You wouldn't have the luxury of commenting jack squat if it wasn't for every backer here. You ignore the public to the point where rampant speculation and assumptions start to pass as fact. You come off as an arrogant piece of shit that is too good for the rest of us and then when your public decides to go public with questions you ignore it and then finally after being called out on it again, you realize you are between a rock and a hard place and your arrogance won't save you. You won't give refunds, and personally I could give a crap about your "dream" bc what you have done is borderline fraud. Roma has done a far better job than you could ever hope to do. You even had ppl offer to volunteer to help you and your communication efforts and what did you do? Ignored them. Yeah great work. Do I care if you are "angry" at me? Not at all. Deflate your ego and focus more time on your supporters and answering questions PUBLICLY than in pm. Take your cue from Roma and publicly help and answer questions for your backers. Well yippie skippy. I'd rather have that post instead of the bullshit update. Finally some light but as of now I could care less. Fuck Chris, Fuck Agent. I'm done. I pray Roma and Adam and others can do a better job than Chris can do in terms of communication and educating backers with answers to their question. @creator "We are going to try to get these out to backers as quickly as possible--but we can't make 5,000+ smartwatches the very first month." In update 2 you said "So for the first few months of production, we'll be limiting production to 1,000 watches per week." So will you still be able to make that thousand a week and get everything done in just over five weeks, or will it take longer than five weeks to manufacture? "We are here, responding to e-mails and PMs and trying to pitch in on Twitter and Facebook and more. Getting AGENT ready for production is an enormous task, but I do dedicate up to ten hours a week engaging with backers through updates, e-mail responses, etc." Last tweet was May 1st to say update 19 was out. Last Facebook update was May 1st to say update 19 was out. Prior to today, last update on Kickstarter was May 1st. Prior to today, last forum post was April 28th. So there must have been lots of PM and email communication to account for the rest of Chris's time. Anyone care to share what was said? (Cross posted to Agent forums for ease of a response) @creator (since my posts to the Agent forum keep "disappearing", I'll ask it here where you can't delete it) "Payroll for highly-skilled electrical and software engineers costs more than $100,000 a year." Your original target was to raise $100k, which by your own description would pay for one engineer. What was the plan if you'd only just hit the target? (I've asked the same question on the forum so fell free to answer it there if that's easier) Hi Roma, Please add me to the of backers supporting the united Q-list. Backers=investors put their money into a risky entrepreneurial business, and get no transparency of the project wellbeing. I am honestly very interested in the financial tracker of this project, are we still within budget? Worst case, many backers are frustrated and believe that uttering their concerns can still drive behavioral change of the project leaders, while feasibility of the project has dropped below freezing point. Where did our money go? Guess he did answer the questions :) Here's the answer for the eight questions from Chris: <url>"Also, a quick update on our estimated timeline. Quite a few backers asked that we provide an updated schedule as we cross each milestone, so I want to make sure we include that with this update. Estimated timeline (approximate): May 31 2014 - order watch case fit-validation samples June 20 2014 - received samples; begin sample approval July 1 2014 - order backlight and watch case molds August 1 2014 - backlight molds complete; order production backlight samples September 1 2014 - receive and test backlight samples; make final tweaks to watch case October 2014 - assemble final production samples; full system testing October/November 2014 - regulatory clearance; begin production and fulfillment of smartwatch rewards This updated timeline includes the extra six weeks used to get the watch cases ready for sample production and the extra fit-validation samples requested by the watch case team." Exactly what I expected. Lots of bullshit, Weasel words, no answers. This project will deliver. It will deliver once the profit margin is high enough. Final assembly is putting the Bands on and box it up. Enough to be "Assembled in the US". Indeed, I am amazed that Chris actually said someting about Omate, AS this is going to end up before a court and every word can be used against him. Unfortunately, he can not change the content of this site. He could in bis own.... Enough reason NOT to usw bis " Forum". Thanks, Roma, for your effort, but you have failed. Not your fault, but Chris'. After this non-Update, I will start considering legal action. There will be no money to be squeezed out of either HoH of SL and I really don't want to kill a project like Netduino, but in the end this might change some of KS T&C ... Just like the Pebble disaster die. So should I take this update as @creator showing just how much he values all of us? Every update has zero continuity. A simple status update one each major element would help Like: Case Status to finished % Next step Difficulties Repeat for mechanism, backlight, power, etc Plus then approx date for next milestone like this final case production fit test It does just feel like an endless stream of unrelated updates posted as infrequently as possible and having lots of words but ultimately saying little. As I said before. Timing was everything with this. Pebble got some traction and more and more major players are approaching the starting blocks. Agent feels like the lame horse that will probably get shot A far far cry from the "World smartest watch" bs @creator lied from his very first asking for funds and timelines about just what state he was in. It's little more now than @creator doing what needs to be done to ensure this project doesn't fall foul of the letter of KS terms of use forcing us to be entitled to refunds Another stellar update about how great their watch will be compared to all other watches. Enough of the ridiculous updates! Just show us pictures of you vacationing in St. John's with our $1 million plus. Backers are treated as idiots! Add my to the @Roma list Happy to sell reward now if anyone is crazy enough to want after the last non-update A 1500+ word update that says next to nothing. Please just answer Roma's questions This user's account has been deleted. @Creator, are you prepared to do a Reddit AMA? I think that would be very helpful. @Richard Wang, not sure it's worth it. We'll see what others think. At the end of the day the technology in this watch will become so mundane and simple it will cost about $5 to produce on any assembly line. That's when we will get the worlds smartest watch  @Roma please add me to the list. We have all been waiting patiently for almost 1 year for this watch. Is there any hope of receiving it by 2015? What the hell does final assembly mean? Putting on the watch band? I backed this in part because of the US manufacturing component. You get what you pay for. What a load. I have actually worked with Foxconn setting up an assembly line and you know what... we designed our product in house, had the molds made by a company in the states for housing, lenses, etc., had boards spun in the states, built the prototypes and the assembly line in the states, and when we got all our ducks in a row got with Foxconn and set up the production assembly line. It was a fairly smooth transition and none of this language barrier bs either. Dear Chris , when can i recieve my smart watch ? Why is this taking so long? Wish i had just bought a Samsung Galaxy Gear now. So does Roma! Wish he would have answered Roma's questions. +1 Richard. This user's account has been deleted. May 31st @ 11:59pm EST is still an update in May. Next update will prob be June 30th @11:59pm EST. Huh? Did I miss something in update 20? Woohoo update 1 min before midnight! This user's account has been deleted. 9) Has there been a decision about what kind of glass you'll be using yet? 10) What level of waterproofing can we expect the watch to have? HotSmartWatch uses Gorilla glass and is waterproof to 5ATM, so I'd expect Agent to at least match or exceed those specs I have some questions: 1. Do you have enough money to complete this project? 2. Is there anyone directly on your payroll, other than yourself, working on this project for more than, say, 5 hours per week on average? 3. Why have you not posted here or on the Agent forums (which you actively promoted as the best place for our questions) since 2 May while you continue posting in the Netduino forums? 4. What is your best estimate for the month when you'll begin delivering the Agents? 5. Of what materials will the watchcases be made? 6. Will there be any features or functionality that were promoted at the fundraising stage but which Agent will not have out of the box? 7. Do you accept that your Kickstarter backers deserve better and more frequent communication, given that this project is already 5 months late? 8. Will you accept genuine offers of help to improve communication e.g. from backer and blogger Adam Dzak? @Roma +1 put me too on the list @Creator Chris, in the last few days there have been more than 696 questions asked of you. Fortunately, 87 of your "awesome" backers have formed their questions in exactly the same words! With that convenient happenstance, your task is a whole lot easier so please get that Update out and answer us. These are the 87 backers: Aaron Barlow Abraham Gonzalez Alex J Alexander Awerin Alibek Makhmudo Andre Koschyk Andrew Owendoff Andrew Wilson Ben Baskaran Beth Parker-O'Brien Brent Roberts chan yu chun Chris Mieckowski Christopher Burnett Christopher Cheng Chooi Christopher Meier Cornelis Wilcocks Criotivity Inc. DigitalPH, Dino Elad Rokach Felipe Quijas Frank Johansson Frank Schmidberger FrankyB gerald carosati guillermo IOso Jeroen John Joe Kelly John Miller Jorge Alberto Rubio Casanueva Jose Antonio Castano Joseph DAuria Joseph Lee Joshua page Jurgen Elfrink Karsten Topp Kingwild Kueh LuCas Luke Venables Mandeng Chen Mansur A. Usmani Martin Berke Mat Unwin Matt Mayatt Matthew Matthew Lawrence Matthew Searle Mervyn Lee Michael Reitsma Mike Anelli Mirco Klein Mohamedcheikhali Nathaniel Gori N.H. Nick Martin Nikolai Krag-Hansen oholika (forum) Patrick Britton Paul F Pekka Niskanen Ralf Boeck Remi Gignac Richard Rick Wicker Ricky Roma Ro Ortiz Ryan Heyser Shawn McIntyre Siddarth Shankar SK spaztastic Steffen Bischof Stephen Kong Suraj Chandiramani Syc0M@ar1ne Tennyson Nadah Tim Wayne Daniells Wyatt Blake Xin Zhang Zach Taffet (apologies for any typos) These are the questions: 1. Do you have enough money to complete this project? 2. Is there anyone directly on your payroll, other than yourself, working on this project for more than, say, 5 hours per week on average? 3. Why have you not posted here or on the Agent forums (which you actively promoted as the best place for our questions) since 2 May while you continue posting in the Netduino forums? 4. What is your best estimate for the month when you'll begin delivering the Agents? 5. Of what materials will the watchcases be made? 6. Will there be any features or functionality that were promoted at the fundraising stage but which Agent will not have out of the box? 7. Do you accept that your Kickstarter backers deserve better and more frequent communication, given that this project is already 5 months late? 8. Will you accept genuine offers of help to improve communication e.g. from backer and blogger Adam Dzak? As a matter of interest, the backers asking these questions come from all over the world viz. Australia, Austria, Canada, Chile, China, Denmark, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Italy, Netherlands, Russia, Philippines, Singapore, Spain, USA, UK. Thanks for listening to us. Also sent by PM and posted on Agent forums. @Lloyd that is thevpoint. I am sure, we will get our Agent - when it will be worth $5.99 in Shenzen. This is not a scam, the project exists, it's just a matter of "creative" timing... This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Matthew Searle, good pickups. I went over to the Netduino forums again and found this post from a few months ago: "Hi Chris, maybe it would be beneficial to post some updates in the pinned topics in this forum so we all get to see what is coming these coming months. I mean keeping the members updated about what is going on. Just post some comment in the introducing the GO topic..... Maybe you need a PR guy" So it's not just us! @Roma +1 Please add me to the list. I too agree with the 8 questions. I would add the question as to if they would agree to refunds at this point. @Roma Please add me to the list. I agree with the 8 questions. @Roma +1 Southampton, UK Thanks According to the House of Horology Twitter feed, we can expect an update later today The list has grown from 6 to about 85 names in just a few days. Before we go again, any more names please? @Roma +1 - California, USA Chris managed to post on the Netduino forums today and yesterday, so at least we know that he's alive and well. It's just us that he's ignoring. I wonder what House of Horology think about Non Existent Labs trashing their brand so thoroughly through this project. Update please @roma + 1 please!! @Roma +1 @Roma +1 @Roma please add +1. @Dino, I was so pissed by the blatant mistrust exuded by the Agent @creators that I've stopped using Kickstarter. I only logged in today to see if there were any Agent updates. I'm not surprised to find nothing. @Roma add me to the list Strange thing is, less than 100 have agreed with Roma's questions, meaning over 5,500 backers haven't. Does that mean they've lost interest and don't login anymore or do they really not want answers to basic questions? If you're one of the silent majority, please advise. I'm genuinely interested in why you're not bothered if the project you backed ever comes to fruition, regardless of whether you get a reward or not, especially as only 239 were at the $1 level. @Roma +1 @Roma please add me to the list. I am from UK. Last day of the month. Let's hear all the good news about all the progress that you made @creator.  @Roma, count me in. I am from Malaysia This user's account has been deleted. I just lost my patience. @Roma, you can count me in. @Richard, done the same thing. @Roma please add me to the list. Attica, Attica, Attica..... @Brent, thanks. Here's hoping. This user's account has been deleted. @Roma - fantastic work rallying the public! I do hope @creator takes this to heart and realizes what he is doing. @Creator Chris, did I say that backers from Malaysia, Philippines, UK and Spain are among us who respectfully request answers to those 8 questions? That makes 75 members of the UNITED NATIONS OF CONCERNED BACKERS. LIke that other UN, we have our differences but we have come together to achieve a common goal - information and communication from you! Please get that Update out; answer those questions for us; and communicate with us more openly and frequently. These are the members of the UNCB (with apologies for any typos): Aaron Barlow Abraham Gonzalez Alex J Alibek Makhmudo Andrew Owendoff Andrew Wilson Ben Baskaran Brent Roberts chan yu chun Chris Mieckowski Christopher Burnett Christopher Cheng Chooi Christopher Meier DigitalPH, Dino Elad Rokach Felipe Quijas Frank Johansson Frank Schmidberger FrankyB gerald carosati IOso Jeroen John Joe Kelly Jorge Alberto Rubio Casanueva Jose Antonio Castano Joseph DAuria Joshua page Jurgen Elfrink Karsten Topp Kingwild Kueh LuCas Luke Venables Mandeng Chen Mansur A. Usmani Martin Berke Mat Unwin Matt Mayatt Matthew Matthew Lawrence Matthew Searle Mervyn Lee Michael Reitsma Mirco Klein Mohamedcheikhali Nathaniel Gori N.H. Nick Martin Nikolai Krag-Hansen oholika (forum) Paul F Pekka Niskanen Remi Gignac Richard Rick Wicker Ricky Roma Ro Ortiz Ryan Heyser Shawn McIntyre Siddarth Shankar SK spaztastic Steffen Bischof Stephen Kong Suraj Chandiramani Tennyson Nadah Tim Wayne Daniells Xin Zhang Zach Taffet Also sent by PM and posted on Agent forums. Kindly add me +1 Roma, from UK. Thanks @Roma +1 - California, USA @Roma, +1 please add me to the list as well and thanks for your efforts! @Roma add me to the list @Roma +1, Malaysia here...like..i forgot about this.... @Roma +1 @Roma, +1 Roma, +1 thanks! Roma, I too @Roma, count me in. I like the project and still believe I will get a watch but the lack of communication look like the creator don't care about the customers/backers Anyone else for the list? About 65 now. It's now 5.30am 31 May in Oz. I'll go again in the next couple of hours. Thanks. I know I shouldn't be, but I am stunned by the complete lack of acknowledgement from @Creator to what Roma has put together. I think @Creator is pretty indefensible at this point. Although I would back another kickstarter run by @Creator if the goal was a blueprint for pissing people off. BTW My last comment was, what my legal cousel said after studying KS T&C. He said that they still did misrepresent and he would call it borderline fraud, but a general right to call for a refund is not covered by KS T&C as long as they could prove progress - albeit slow. All of SL&HoH comments and updates, however, would have to be true, otherwise there would be a case of misrepresentation that "even a first-year law student would easily win". He supported my initial idea that there is an intent of dragging it along until it would be just a worthless chewing-gum item that would cost next-to-nothing to produce. Now, let's see, what SL will answer to Roma's question and we should go through all the past bulletins from SL and HoH and see, where they actually misrepresented. Bump! For those that missed it here is the Post by Roma that everyone is +1'ing to in the hope the creator will see how many people want the questions below answered. @CREATOR: YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO IGNORE THESE VALID QUESTIONS...............CAN YOU? If you do you're creating a PR disaster! Good Luck! Here you go, as promised, one more time... Roma: @Creator, Chris, so far there are 6 of us who have posted here in the last day asking you to answer the following questions in your next Update. Please respect your backers and give it to us straight. 1. Do you have enough money to complete this project? 2. Is there anyone directly on your payroll, other than yourself, working on this project for more than, say, 5 hours per week on average? 3. Why have you not posted here or on the Agent forums (which you actively promoted as the best place for our questions) since 2 May while you continue posting in the Netduino forums? 4. What is your best estimate for the month when you'll begin delivering the Agents? 5. Of what materials will the watchcases be made? 6. Will there be any features or functionality that were promoted at the fundraising stage but which Agent will not have out of the box? 7. Do you accept that your Kickstarter backers deserve better and more frequent communication, given that this project is already 5 months late? 8. Will you accept genuine offers of help to improve communication e.g. from backer and blogger Adam Dzak Thank you. I have again posted this on the Agent forums and via PM to you. @Roma Add me to the list as well too. Need to know what's going on as well. @John Why should they? They got the money and as long as the project just progresses and they can prove progress, Kickstarter will do sh!t nothing. As I have said before: This will progress unti you can get the stuff in Shenzen for $5.99. It then will be proudly delivered to us. QI chargers are already way below $25 and we've paid $50'. I assume SL and HoH will have only 10% coost and 90% profit. And honestlly, for almost half a million bucks (assuming a 50/50 split), I would be grinning and happily ignoring a few disgruntled backers unti the sun shines out my bloody @r.... Is anyone else worried by the time this is done it wont matter because wearables are already being developed by Google and other big names. By the time this is out it will be old news. Its really sad that they log in and dont even take the time to say "Hey were working on an update that answers all your questions" @Roma you can add me to the list as well. I definitely want some answers. @Roma +1 Now that Microsoft is backing HOT for WP support I'd almost rather have a refund and order a HOT watch. @roma please add me to the list as well. @Roma Please add me to the list. I still support this project and am hopeful that it will be released soon... But I want an update! Seriously. Just give us progress reports. This user's account has been deleted. Is there even a vague ETA on when this watch is going into production at this point? Microsoft helps Hot watch smart watch support Windows Phone <url>"This is not Amazon!" thingy. I know what KS is). A delay or two is fine, but you seem to be stuck for the last 6 monts or so with changes that was outside the original campaign scope or things that should have been decided before th KS campaign even started. Once you have picked the case material (should have been done a LONG time ago), are there any other bumps that you don't already know how to solve? If so, please share it with your backers, some of us might have knowledge and experience that will prevent the gadget from being long forgotten or from failing completely. I have a very small glimmer of hope left for this project, but it's fading fast now. Weekly updates with progresses and problems, time schedule and photos of the team busy working might be the answer to save this sinking ship. Focus on making it done, with only the original features if faster. All your new fancy features that nobody asked for can be implemented in version 2 ore with post-delivery software updates. If the battery doesn't last more than 3 days and the sync doesn't work perfect, ship them anyway. This can be fixed later via firmware/software updates. If you don't, I expect the watches won't be shipped until 2015-2016. And nobody will want it by then. @Roma, please add me to your list. @Roma you can add me to the list as well. You guys realize this is a watch right? Is there so little going on in your life, that this is where you turn to spend your time/energy? I'm sure there are more noble causes/battles out there. Did you invest your life savings into this project? I'd like the watch too, but sheesh, I've moved on, just like I do anything else that is out of my control. There will be a resolution one way or the other. I doubt the project leaders/organizers will leave us without making things right. Well, with that announcement of Windows Phone support from hotsmartwatch, I think I can officially now say, there is nothing unique that Agent can offer me. It's a shame. They've missed every bit of the open market opportunity they had, and done nothing but leave a trail of frustrated backers in their wake. creator has to end of the month to come up with an update that at a minimum addresses the list of questions we are championing. After that, I cut my losses and purchase elsewhere. Agent may have my money, but lose the opportunity (if they ever do produce) of counting me amongst their product evangelists. They really do need to check some of the studies of the ripple effect caused by a negative consumer and how lack of communication affects consumer views. You can definitely add me to the list. Thanks. @Creator, we're up to 58 now. In just 4 days more than 1% of your backers have come to Kickstarter to try to find out what's going on with the project by asking you to put out an Update and answer those questions. Please do that. Add me to the list please Roma. I am also considering asking for a Refund. Really losing interest and enthusiasm for this project. @Roma Add me to the list please. After checking out what Kreyos people have done I was just stunned. They are soon delivering first 5000 watches even though they got their funding about two months later than Agent. Not to mention the feature set they have compared to Agent. another fun side note is we paid $50 for the qi charger and now most on the market sell for under $25 Add me, I love a good list. @Roma you can add me to that list as well. At this point I'm ready to contact my CC company to reverse the charge for services not rendered. What is going on? @Creator Chris, you now have 54 backers from all over the world asking you to answer that list of questions in the next Update. From Chile to Hongkong, Canada to Australia, small countries like Israel and The Netherlands, and large countries like China and the US - your backers want to know what you are up to with the project and where we stand. Here are the backers all wanting you to answer the same eight questions (with apologies for any typos): Aaron Barlow Alex J Alibek Makhmudov Andrew Wilson Ben Baskaran Brent Roberts chan yu chun Chris Mieckowski Christopher Burnett Christopher Cheng Christopher Meier DigitalPH Dino Elad Rokach Frank Schmidberger FrankyB gerald carosati IOso Jeroen John Joe Kelly Jorge Alberto Rubio Casanueva Joseph DAuria Joshua page Karsten Topp Kingwild Kueh LuCas Luke Venables Mat Unwin Matt Mayatt Matthew Searle Michael Reitsma Mirco Klein Mohamedcheikhali Nathaniel Gori Nick Martin Nikolai Krag-Hansen oholika (forum) Paul F Richard Rick Wicker Roma Shawn McIntyre Siddarth Shanka SK spaztastic Steffen Bischof Suraj Chandiramani Tennyson Nadah Tim Wayne Daniells Xin Zhang We sincerely hope you are listening. Please get that Update out as a matter of urgency and answer these questions! Copied to PM and the Agent forums. From update # 1 Now that we've met the funding goal, some backers have asked "what about stretch goals?" This creates a bit of a paradox: how do we make a no-compromise smartwatch even better? We've discussed this a lot. Compromising the delivery schedule is not an option; but with all the extra funds, we want to make AGENT even better. THE whole reason for the delay was the light film instead of the tradition backlight... Chris has been lying to us from the start @roma add me @Roma add me to the list I have kept quit about how long it has taken to get this watch done because I know this stuff takes time. That is until today when I got wind of the KREYOS smart watch that closed funding on August 2013 and is about to ship out in the next couple of weeks. They have been able to get the prototype done and FCC approval in less then a year. It has been almost a year since this kickstarter has ended and there is nothing to show for it at all. Just look at all the progress there has been on the KREYOS smartwatch on indiegogo. <url>#activity If I don't see some answers in the next update, I am going to request a refund also. @Chris Jutting, maybe another one ... <url> Last login May 29 2014 They must be busy answering all the questions and typing the update.... @Frank I don't think anyone (Including Roma) thinks Roma has any impact on this watch getting delivered. However, he's been active in getting new information and creating a pretty good summary of open questions. I think this will increase our chances of getting them answered, which is a good thing. Add me as well. Great work doing something productive. Backers speaking with one voice has to be a powerful signal. @Creator: Over the past few weeks, you've been sent countless comments and PMs, making it virtually impossible to answer them all. I understand that, and the fact that you have to prioritize to get things done. For your convenience, @Roma has condensed them all into eight simple questions, which I hope you'll answer rather sooner than later. Don't lose the momentum. Tell us anything :) This user's account has been deleted. @Roma I am in. I too would like those questions answered. <url>#20 will be out by ... date and it will contain lots of news plus answers to these questions? Thank you! This also posted to you by PM and the Agent forums. @Roma, not debating why you say you want the watch (who cares) and using the excuse that by buying extra pledges that you have more skin in the game is valid but you made that choice and as such I would expect you to try and be optimistic. What I am saying is you wave the flag a little too hard for SL+HoH even with the extra investment. @kcjnz, all I want are my watches as promised. I've posted here fairly recently a list of the attributes which attracted me to the Agent. No-one, not even the trenchant critics, have argued against any of the points. @Frank, see above. Sad to see you're so blinded by hate that you won't add your voice to the list of backers wanting answers. @Joshua - it's probably because @Roma comes off as an apologist for SL +HoH to some of the folks here. The "info" that @Timothy posted and @Roma confirmed looked to be about 95% bunk and 5% possibly useful info regarding the case but was mostly double speak and HoH trying to back away from the association w/ SL and trying to reduce their involvement. Watch what they do, not what they say, and they haven't "done" a whole lot of anything so far. I don't think the @creator give a s**t.. @ Frank. I'm not sure I would call it a "coup" We aren't overthrowing @creator to put @Roma in charge. We are simply adding our voices to his well formed questions. I don't really see him inflating his importance, either. He was just the first person to put it all out there in an easy to read format that was aligned with what we all wanted asked. What about that needs to be negative? How about you @Frank? Did that make *you* feel good? Jerk. +1 @Roma @Roma: You were the very first person to criticize me when I said this project was going sour and now you're leading a coup against the creator. The backers that are backing you are just as misguided as they were when they backed this project. We still have no resolution and your hypocrisy isn't moving us toward one any faster than waiting on the creators to reply. I'm glad you feel good about yourself because you've managed to garner a following of mindless backers and spend your efforts pretending you are someone of importance. Cheers! Bump! Roma 2 days ago @Creator, Chris, so far there are 6 of us who have posted here in the last day asking you to answer the following questions in your next Update. Please respect your backers and give it to us straight. 1. Do you have enough money to complete this project? 2. Is there anyone directly on your payroll, other than yourself, working on this project for more than, say, 5 hours per week on average? 3. Why have you not posted here or on the Agent forums (which you actively promoted as the best place for our questions) since 2 May while you continue posting in the Netduino forums? 4. What is your best estimate for the month when you'll begin delivering the Agents? 5. Of what materials will the watchcases be made? 6. Will there be any features or functionality that were promoted at the fundraising stage but which Agent will not have out of the box? 7. Do you accept that your Kickstarter backers deserve better and more frequent communication, given that this project is already 5 months late? 8. Will you accept genuine offers of help to improve communication e.g. from backer and blogger Adam Dzak Thank you. I have again posted this on the Agent forums and via PM to you. @Christopher - They'd have had to have invested the money really wisely to be able to afford to buy out Apple by Monday. Although the non-disclosure agreement could explain things... ...or a Google Hangout. Either way, it's a great idea @Adam @SL+HOH Just throwing an idea out there... Could you set up a time when you'll be in the Agent chatroom so your backers can ask you live questions? Maybe post the whole chat discussion as an update for backers not in the room? I'm guessing we won't get another update until late next week. Each time it seems they wait a little over a month before providing an update. This Friday is one month since the last update so I guess that would be too soon (sarcasm). It is too bad that HoH didn't have lead or at least equal partnership on this project. It sounds like Laurence genuinely understands the need for frequent and open communications. I can only hope we get a good update soon - although nebulous timelines like "the fall" would not be great. It would also mean that completion of the watch would be 15+ months after the project closed. This is very high given that they had estimated 6 months. I'm use to Kickstarter project delays but this campaign is really testing our patience, especially given the very infrequent communications. Even the $1 backers must be feeling slightly fleeced, since they backed to "keep up to date with exclusive backer updates". Not only are there no updates, they aren't exclusive to backers anyway. Maybe they're waiting for the Apple WWDC Monday to announce a buyout(sarcasm)... Nice to get a reply from HoH, but AS they state, they are not responsible for the project and only provide consulting services for some of the aspects. It is overspecific and contains Wessel words "I believe"... This is in no way binding nor any more enlightening and should not be taken as gospel. It amazes me that there are not more updates. It has been almost a year since this kickstarter project started. A lot of the frustration comes form not knowing if this project is going to ever be a reality. Its frustrating because it takes about 10 minutes to write a post and let every one know what is happening. People supported your project. They spent over 1 million dollars of their money to support a project they believed was valuable and may one day be. But it's such a bad way to go through the process by not letting people know what is happening. Everything doesn't have to be great news, but people deserve to know what is happening. This campaign started in June, 2013. That is 360 days from today. 360 days or 11 months, 26 days or 518,400 minutes. You can't spend a couple of minutes letting us know why we have waited so long? Instead of saying things like we want to "only deliver the best quality product", give us more specific details and a better estimate of timing even if its not 100% accurate. This is supposed to be the time you build a strong relationship with your customers. You are supposed to be encouraging communication and making us look forward to something, as this will help shape actions going forward post-kickstarter. But instead I am left frustrated and angry. @Roma, +1 for me. @Creator, @Lawrence Leyderman ; Fall? Wow. @Mat, thanks for your kind words. Time worth taking, I hope. I was down your way last week, cruising by the Bay down to Mentone. Very pleasant. We might bump into each other sometime, instantly recognisable wearing our Agents! +1 @Roma (oh, and thanks for taking the time!) @Joe, thanks. I'm more optimistic about getting what we were promised. From my communications with Chris Walker and Lawrence Leyderman, I have the impression of two honest, competent, meticulous and hard working people who've bitten off more than they can chew. Chris' poor communication infuriates me and his company name is well chosen! I just can't see how he can't see a greater onus to communicate with his backers, given the delays. I think we'll get there but maybe I'm a pollyanna. @Timothy, having just written the above, I see your post. Well done. That's pretty much a copy of the email Lawrence sent me last week and it's why I am more optimistic about the project than a lot of other backers. I'm glad Lawrence has put this on the public record. If Chris had posted something like this a while ago there would not be so much angst here on Kickstarter. He might even find it cathartic! went searching....courtesy of a google review, secret labs seems to be in control at the moment....from a week ago there Thank you for supporting us and backing the Kickstarter project. I would first like to address that the issue causing delays is not because of a conspiracy or anything even close. We are wholeheartedly working to get an incredible product out and any delays in manufacturing are solely because of our values and commitment to only deliver the best quality product. Id like to personally and sincerely apologize for the delays and let you know that realistically I see the AGENT being delivered early this fall if everything goes smoothly from this point forward. I can attest to the fact that things are constantly moving forward and Chris of Secret Labs has been diligently communicating back and forth with the case manufacturer to make sure that the movement and the case fit and work perfectly together. In addition, I would also like to apologize for the lack of communication on the Kickstarter forum. Secret Labs set up the Kickstarter page, runs it and I do not have administrative access to it at all. Im not a backer of the project so I cannot reply to anyone on the Kickstarter page, hence why Im not posting there on our behalf. House of Horologys responsibilities pertain to assistance and consulting of aesthetics, design, waterproofing, pricing, and establishing manufacturing relationships. Ultimate control of design decisions and other matters as to which HOH provides assistance and consulting remain with Secret Labs. Concerning the current watch status, I believe that the CNCd case will be ordered this week as they (Secret Labs movement engineers and technical case engineers from the case manufacturers side) seem to have finally reached a perfect fit! Secret Labs is currently reviewing the final case and movement pairing. We will get that CNCd case fairly fast once ordered and upon approval (2 weeks later) we will order the final case mold. Hopefully and most likely the final watch case will be made in my preferred material choice  Ceramic! I can assure and attest to the fact that the project is moving forward as it always has been and the much-anticipated Agent Smartwatch will be out later this year! Im always pushing for better communication and more frequent updates on the Kickstarter forum and will continue to do so as we move forward. Thank you for your open dialogue concerning the Agent project. Feel free shoot me any questions at <email> and I will answer them honestly, timely, and as best as I can, always! Sincerely, Lawrence Leyderman House of Horology Nice questions @Roma! I was quit excited about this, and now I just feel pissed anytime I remember I essentially lost $200. Some day months or years from now I may get a smart watch, that will be way out paced by other companies. I will probably own a Pebble Steel in the coming weeks as I am tired of feeling completely screwed by Secret Labs and HoH. If Secret Labs was actually still doing more than a few minutes a week of work on this project, and had pride in what they were doing, there would be FAR more posts here. I am guessing there is something completely and fundamentally flawed with the product and no money to fix it. Prove me wrong. @Roma +1. And to your forum questions about iPhone functionality. Haven't had the moderation problem on the Agent forum, but I've posted as a guest and they go straight on. Might be worth trying, not that anyone answers... +1 @Roma It will be interesting to see what questions will be answered, especially the very first one. +1 @Roma I reported this to Kickstarter and encourage anyone to do the same. I also asked how I can be refunded. I'm stepping out of this fantasy project. It only exists in the head of the creator who now has $1.012.742 from us. I backed because I wanted a smart watch. I'm not a tech guy, just one who loves his gadgets. Have a feeling that when I received the Agent, it will be dated. Kickstarter (at least for me) provides money to bring products/ideas to market. The actual disbursing of money implies a contract which in turns implies respect btw parties. I don't feel we get respect from the creators. Need updates because I don't like what I'm reading here. @Roma You can add me to that list. @Nick Blush +1 @Roma. @Creator - Ignoring these simple questions, that have been +1'd by many Backers, is nothing short of ignorance. You cannot shy away from Backers like @Roma who take time out to collate all Backers questions & put them all in one place - to make a simple way for you to respond to - can only be commended. He has shown great determination to ensure that us, the Backers, get the simplest of questions answered, even going to the extent of contacting HoH for their view of the status of this Project. Further more now with the Backers uniting behind him you surely must realise that from a PR angle 'silence isn't always golden!' I look forward to your responses. +1 @Roma @Aaron @Christopher @Jorge, thanks. I plan to update the numbers daily here until we get a project Update. Anyone who agrees, feel free to chime in. +1 @Roma Actually just answer any question, give us an update or something. Don't forget me +1 @Creator Chris, over the last two days 34 of your backers have agreed that we would like you to answer eight questions in your next Update please. The backers are: Alex J, Alibek Makhmudov, Andrew Wilson, Brent Roberts, Chris Mieckowski, Christopher Cheng, DigitalPH, Elad Rokach, gerald carosati, IOso, Jeroen, John, Joshua page, Karsten Topp, Kingwild, Kueh, Luke Venables, Matt Mayatt, Matthew Searle, Michael Reitsma, Mirco Klein, Mohamedcheikhali, Nikolai Krag-Hansen, Paul F, Richard, Roma, Shawn McIntyre, Siddarth Shankar, SK, spaztastic, Steffen Bischof, Tennyson Nadah, Wayne Daniells, Xin Zhang (with apologies for any typos) The questions again are: 1. Do you have enough money to complete this project? 2. Is there anyone directly on your payroll, other than yourself, working on this project for more than, say, 5 hours per week on average? 3. Why have you not posted here or on the Agent forums (which you actively promoted as the best place for our questions) since 2 May while you continue posting in the Netduino forums? 4. What is your best estimate for the month when you'll begin delivering the Agents? 5. Of what materials will the watchcases be made? 6. Will there be any features or functionality that were promoted at the fundraising stage but which Agent will not have out of the box? 7. Do you accept that your Kickstarter backers deserve better and more frequent communication, given that this project is already 5 months late? 8. Will you accept genuine offers of help to improve communication e.g. from backer and blogger Adam Dzak Thank you. I have again posted this on the Agent forums and via PM to you. @Roma +1 @Roma +1 Thanks for initiating this. +1 @ Roma @Elad - if you tried in the past month, then maybe the posts will appear if a moderator ever logs on. We need a tumbleweed smilie... I tried to post on their forums twice and my post never posted.. I've tried to post on the Agents forums, and my posts are waiting moderation. Since the moderator for the forum hasn't logged on in a month (last active Apr 28 2014 05:20 PM), I'm not optimistic. That sums up the communication on this project beautifully. +1 @Roma This user's account has been deleted. + 1 with Roma @Roma, count me in. +1 @Roma Cannot believe I invested in this. This is starting to look like a scam. +1 @ Roma +1 @Roma +1 @Roma I sincerely doubt it will make any difference, give the utter contempt for the backers shown by the creators of this farce, but +1 @Roma +1 @Roma I hope creator understands that a failure to answer these direct and reasonable questions can only do irreparable harm to whatever faith most of us have left for this project. This user's account has been deleted. +1 @Roma +1 @Roma +1 Roma Yep, count me in on the backers who want Roma's questions answered in the next update. +1 @Roma @Creator, please post some updates, it does not matter if there are some bad news along the way. We want to be included in the journey from start to finish. +1 Roma +1 for Roma, your engagement is simply perfect :) @Backers, thanks for your feedback. Anyone else want to express support for those questions to be answered in the next Update? I'll do a tally in about 12 hours time and send Chris Walker another message, publicly and privately. @Chris Mieckowski, dead right! +1 Roma +1 @Roma +1 @Roma Update please +1 @Roma I'm with Roma too. +1 @Roma Hope we get answers I still believe!! Never thought I'd say this, but +1 for @Roma. Nothing unites people like a common goal. +1 Roma. Looking forward to hear from @creator; hope all is well. +1 Roma. I asked a few of these in a PM as well. Very well done, and speaks to the heart of the matter. @Karsten, thanks. I'm trying to get as many backers as possible on board to add weight to the need for Chris to answer the questions. Hopefully we'll get more numbers. I've gotten two other watches in the mean time so if anyone wants to buy my reward from me send me a PM. Ok, I've had it and bought two other watches in the meantime... If someone wants to buy my reward from me, please send me a PM. How does its work then for the change of address ? +1 and kudos to Roma! @Creator, Chris, so far there are 6 of us who have posted here in the last day asking you to answer the following questions in your next Update. Please respect your backers and give it to us straight. 1. Do you have enough money to complete this project? 2. Is there anyone directly on your payroll, other than yourself, working on this project for more than, say, 5 hours per week on average? 3. Why have you not posted here or on the Agent forums (which you actively promoted as the best place for our questions) since 2 May while you continue posting in the Netduino forums? 4. What is your best estimate for the month when you'll begin delivering the Agents? 5. Of what materials will the watchcases be made? 6. Will there be any features or functionality that were promoted at the fundraising stage but which Agent will not have out of the box? 7. Do you accept that your Kickstarter backers deserve better and more frequent communication, given that this project is already 5 months late? 8. Will you accept genuine offers of help to improve communication e.g. from backer and blogger Adam Dzak Thank you. I have again posted this on the Agent forums and via PM to you. I would like to add a +1 to Roma's questions being answered. It would be great information in the next update. Please? @Creator/HoH/Chris, please post an update by the end of the month. Q) What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? A) If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. Q) Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? A) Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. @Alibek, thanks for that. I have been told things I was asked not to pass on and to use my judgment about what to share. What I have passed on here, I have done so accurately. The conspiracy theorists posit all sorts of malintent on my part. None of them seem to have twigged to the simple fact that I have about five times as much to lose than they do because I have bought four pledges from other backers. So I have the most skin in the game of almost anyone here and the game is to achieve delivery of the promised rewards. To say that it is unethical to withhold anything from backers for which I have not signed an NDA is silly. I don't owe any backer anything. It is human nature to form judgments about people with whom we deal and I respect Chris Walker and Lawrence Leyderman. They are good people who are competent at what they do. They are stretching themselves considerably to achieve something new and I admire that greatly. They are not cheats and don't deserve to be pilloried. If I may, one last comment. Sometimes we say silly things in the heat of the moment. In my opinion, there is only one very nasty person commenting here and I indulge myself occasionally in calling him out. I hope that doesn't make me as bad as him and I apologise to other backers. That's more than enough about me and other individuals. Hopefully we will get an Update very soon and answers to the many questions we backers have been asking. Off to the airport now. Have a nice day! @Alibek The questions have been asked too often here and in other places like FB etc. I assume, Roma will explicitly mention the "open letter" character of the questionnaire and as long as one is not under NDA, communicatrion is not protected from quotation. I believe it is unethical to say "I communicated with whoever, but I'm not telling you!" @Roma IMHO, you've input more effort in communicating with SL & HoH than most (if not all) of us here. What you've told us may or may not turn out to be true -- but at least you've tried. I'm sure lawyers on this forum could enlighten us on whether it is lawful (and ethical) to quote emails directly, as per Karsten's comment. I, too, think there's been a lack of communication. But please, let's not kill the mailman. Have a great day guys. @Roma a good summing up of some of the more important questions posted here. I really hope that this time you have the balls to post an unabridged and verbatim copy of the reply you get - of you get it - here. @Andrew, they promised monthly Updates and have been pretty well sticking to it - the last one by the skin of their teeth. We are due the next one by the end of May. I hope it's credible. They have been totally incommunicado here and on the Agent forums since the beginning of this month and I do not think that is acceptable, given the long project delays. Oh, and @Brent. You are right, @Roma should not have ignored your compliment. On that I agree. Can somebody find a dark corner in the Agent forums and create a Brent, Roma, Rick, Karsten and others thread so they can spend the rest of their days there accusing each other of things they are all guilty of? I think you're actually chasing away the creator and not really contributing anything. It has been fun seeing you doing your very best to write as many words as possible, but go to that corner and continue there. Or Will the lack of an audience be a problem? Heh, that was fun. Now I get it...  Is there a credible update coming soon. It appears this technology is now falling behind current commercial products. I would hate to receive an AGENT then find a better product for under half of the AGENT's price. Guess Roma was too blinded by his own desires to insult me that he missed where I actually have him a compliment lol. So eager to edit and demean and blinded by hate that he didn't even see when I posted "@Roma - great questions. I hope they get answered" Wow. Yawn, someone wake me when I should give a shit about what that pathetic, nutless Aussie piece of shit Roma. Zzzzzzzzzzzz...... @Roma - you sir are the last person to speak of spewing hate when you even insult me in your post. That sir makes you a hypocrite. Deal with that. Since when do I need to comment with finesse and intelligence to you? All I originally did was ask questions that apparently insulted your fragile idol and you lashed out and have since made it your primary goal in life to try and vilify me at every turn. I'm sorry I didn't read the book "How to properly converse with Roma and Rick Wicker". Your "due respect and consideration" should read "Brent I think you are a fucking asshole" because that's your true feelings. Normally I don't speak for others but your intentions are clear as crystal, I just wish you had the stones to say it outright rather than hide behind witless comments you drudge up. Brent Roberts: "All I want is answers" Answers will never be good enough. You abuse, vilify and generally spew forth hate. Any good points you make are hidden behind the rambling wall of sound you generate. You use all those techniques to compensate for your inability to comment with finesse and intelligence. I blame the Baby Boomer generation (of which I am one) for raising gormless fools like you. Must have been all that acid we dropped. Said with all due respect and consideration. @Christopher - you're right. All I want is answers. Questions have been asked but silence, in this case, isn't golden. I've found it helps to put yourself in someone's shoes to understand them. In my younger years I had some financial issues, I stopped answering the phone because I knew they wanted money and didn't have any to give. That's the behavior the creator has been demonstrating here, everyone is asking questions he must not know the answer to so he quit answering them. He's also demonstrating ostrich characteristics, by burying his head in the sand and thinking we'll go away. Just like the ostrich that you can still see, we can still see he logs in here and post on other boards. What he doesn't understand is that even the smallest updates would make most of this go away, ya you'll still have the few that nothing can please but for the most part the community at large would be satisfied. @Roma - great questions. I hope they get answered. @John Gallagher, info here: <url>#Acco Basically a project creator can choose whether or not to refund. However, they are required to refund if they can not deliver your reward. The estimated delivery dates are just that - estimates, not contractually binding promises. Sooooo, I'm sorry to be a downer here, but does anyone know what Kickstarter's return/refund policy is? @Roma Spot on! @Creator Your backers need answers to those questions. If only to re-instill confidence in this project and quell the mess that has become the Comments section, please address them in your upcoming update. @Rick Wicker, sorry but the term "baller" is new to me. The most fitting definition I can see in the context of your post is a thug who's made it to the big time. Is doing Xbox reviews that big a deal in the US? @Creator Chris, I guess you're thinking about what to say to your Kickstarter backers. Here are some questions which I respectfully ask you to answer in the next Update. 1. Do you have enough money to complete this project? 2. Is there anyone directly on your payroll, other than yourself, working on this project for more than, say, 5 hours per week on average? 3. Why have you not posted here or on the Agent forums (which you actively promoted as the best place for our questions) since 2 May while you continue posting in the Netduino forums? 4. What is your best estimate for the month when you'll begin delivering the Agents? 5. Of what materials will the watchcases be made? 6. Will there be any features or functionality that were promoted at the fundraising stage but which Agent will not have out of the box? 7. Do you accept that your Kickstarter backers deserve better and more frequent communication, given that this project is already 5 months late? 8. Will you accept genuine offers of help to improve communication e.g. from backer and blogger Adam Dzak? Thank you. I have posted this on the Agent forums and via PM to you also. @Roma Don't be so one-dimensional. I can have fun here while still sueing. Shawn +1 @brent I did not pay full price for any of the additional watches I purchased. I then passed one along at cost to a friend and an donating the other to a local .NET user group. Any further ones I purchase (currently offering 33% to anyone looking to get out) will meet similar fates. Even though I'm not a baller like yourself, I don't think it's worth my time to try and make money off resales. @Karsten, re your upgrade plans I think you're reinventing history. Omate's delivery schedule was Oct-Dec and Agent's was Dec-Jan. Re your earlier comment about having fun at SL's expense, I take it that includes your threats to take legal action against them. Joy, oh joy. @Spaztastic Sure, every gadget has a very limited lifespan and the bloodier the edge, the shorter the span. I planned to migrate upwards from Pebble to Agent to Omate to whatever will come after that. Now it is Pebble to Omate - should Omate finally deliver mine, which they haven't by now. I see little reason to go back from an Omate (or whatever the available technology wil be, then) to go back to Agent's stone age technology. I would like to see something tangible. @Karsten Soon you can put your Pebble in the closet with your Betamax. I only bring up Pebble because the parallels are unmistakeable. Pebble was a good primer of how to piss off your backers. Unfortunately, instead of learning from the past, Agent chose to repeat it. I want to know when can finished to ship out... delay too much.... I must admit I am getting a little disgruntled by the apparent lack of progress, reasonable updates to backers or delivery date. It makes almost no sense to compare Pebble and Agent. Pebble was then cutting edge technology and people were willing to accept a lot of shortcomings because of that. If executed properly, Agent could have made more success than Pebble. But this window of opportunity is now dead shut. SmartWatches are a commodity, not a novelty and people expect at least Omate technology, Apple design and Samsunbg quality. Unfortunately, Agent falls short in all three categories. Omate, too, has been overrun by the rapid technological advance and the Omates yet to be delivered (including mine...) are already EOL'ed before they've been all produced. Pebble is still my daily timepiece, mainly because of the much improved App ecosystem that now - more than a year after initial release - starts to grow. Agent and Omate will not have that ecosystem because they will not start as forerunners, but as products being lapped multiple times before launch. That is, if agent will finally materialize. Given the communicated "success" so far, I still stand to my prediction of 36 month 'till Agent sees the light of day and by then it will be a GameBoy in a world of Oculus Rifts. But you can get a museum piece of bygone technology gift-wrapped fresh from the production line. Even if Agent has hired a production manager - which I still doubt - I see little to no chance that Agent will go into production in time for the all-important Christmas business and that will break the back - commercially spoken - of Agent. We should have our fun at @Creator's expense even it would become Schadenfreude (which is one of Roma's favourite German words as we all know...) @spaztastic, Pebble's new partner, Charles River Ventures, forced their hand to do whatever it took to get the cash flowing. Creator once made a comment here advocating the measure-twice-cut-once approach. Of course no sane person would advocate otherwise but I suspect Creator has taken it to a whole new level. @Shawn +1 You bring up some very valid points. My only comments to yours is perhaps a better word instead of happy would be indifferent? Also, I'm assuming we'll pretty much be the QA/alpha testers. It seems like the tech that gets developed via kickstarter isn't really ready for prime time. People were willing to accept Pebbles short comings (and there were numerous both hardware and software related) since it was still "in development". It was very surprising when they went to sell the same release through a public store. It was not prime time ready. @DigitalPH,yeah but his trash talk needs trashing and it's so easy to do on a lazy Saturday morning here. A challenge for me, though, has been to find one word, just one word, to perfectly describe him. I think its "gormless" as per this example in urbandictionary: "The man gormlessly (adverb) spent his life with his proverbial foot in his mouth; always the moment killer, cringe worthy comment maker, lie starter and shit stirrer. He had made many enemies out of friends and had a lot to atone for". @Shawn McIntyre, thanks for that great comment. I defer to your expertise and discern much applicability to this project in what you say. Sorry roma. That people don't post here most definitely doesn't correlate to them being happy. Far more likely it means they don't want to get their pants wet by stepping into the cross stream of the pissing match between brent and yourself. For what it's worth, I agree with you that the creator(s) are not fraudsters in terms of intentionally running a campaign with no intention of producing a product. However, I've truly given up hope that we will see this produced and shipped in full by end of calendar year. They've completely mismanaged the project (that they are only now hiring a project manager - and that's hearsay not posted by creator at this site - says they haven't managed it at all) - no detailed project plan, no prioritization, serialization, optimization of tasks (the front light fiasco seems to have meant that no other aspect of the project moved forward), no proper risk assessment including mitigation strategies (if going forward with the front light was known risky, they should have earmarked some of the funds the received above their target towards a parallel, alternate path instead of creating and accepting a multi-month delay), etc. Based on my experience, there is not smooth sailing ahead. I doubt they have a finalized BOM and have sourced (let alone bought) some key components (I know there was a post about the thousands of components they ordered, bur a reel of common resistors can number 10,000), have considered their manufacturing strategy - both electronic (how will they panelize that PWB? who will do the manufacturing), and mechanical (who does the mechanical assembly? how long will each assembly take? what is their QA test strategy? etc.) Once the design is finalized and validated, I still see a long wait ahead. Unfortunately, the lapses of management have been compounded by the very poor communication (and what little communication has not been very direct on addressing status and plans). If I were to run my projects the same way, I would not be employed for long. As for my experience, since I suspect someone will question it, I have multiple engineering degrees, and prior to my current job spent nearly 15 years working for a multi-billion dollar contract electronics manufacturing company as a project/program/product manager in charge of design services and new product introduction on behalf of some of our Fortune 500 clients. If in the end, this project completely fails, I'm out $200 which I considered 'donated' from the start with the hope of it being successful. For me, this was never going to be more than another electronic toy to amuse me for a while (as long as the Windows Phone support remains) as it was never going to fully replace any of my timepiece collection on my wrist for long. The true damage and missed opportunity is for SL and HoH. Their market window has largely evaporated, and the goodwill evangelism they could count on from their backers and first users is dwindling. @Roma - glad to help! :) @Roma, don't feed the trolls, mate. Really, it's not worth your time. P.S. Thanks for making me feel like a better person today. 1. Not my business. Is it yours? 2. Speculation but not misrepresentation. 3. I think all information is good and the closer to the source, the better. 4. Some people here were grateful for the information I provided. 5. Phew. Sorry, but I must say this: Spelling is about stringing letters together to form words. Grammar is about stringing words together to make proper phrases, clauses and sentences; for example "they're flying their kites over there". So Grammar Police can get spelling wrong without a technical breach of professional standards. @Roma 1) then you did a standup thing by paying full price. I wonder if Rick Wicker paid full price? 2) speculation. 3) information that does not provide concrete or official knowledge is worthless and bears no weight or merit. Totally useless. 4) constructive? To serve a useful purpose? You gathered nothing concrete or beneficial in terms of this project. Did you follow up with more direct questions or did you take these hypotheticals as word and law? You verbally attack those that have a contrary opinion or viewpoint with monumental arrogance, unbridled rudeness, and more. Constructive? I disagree. 5) nope. Software doesn't. 1. I paid full price for each pledge I bought. 2. 95% of backers seem happy. I said "seem" not "are". Not speaking for them. 3. Information I got was better than nothing and I didn't make out anything different. 4. Didn't say I was productive. Said I had done constructive things. 5. I used office software in my own time. Software doesn't wear out, does it? @Roma - btw when you said "I've contacted creator's sidekick and posted information fro him about the project." I believe you meant "from" not "fro". You like playing the grammar police. Guilty. @Roma - "Let's review what constructive things I've done here to try helping myself and other backers. I've bought pledges from 4 backers." So did you pay full value for the pledge or did you short change them? "I've quantified the very low proportion of backers who care enough about what's going on to bother commenting here." Yes and upon demonstrating your knowledge of software, took it upon yourself to speak on behalf of 95% of backers when you said: "It seems that more than 95% of backers are happy to just sit quietly and wait for their watches". Which is bullshit because you can't speak for them. "I've contacted creator's sidekick and posted information fro him about the project." Which produced nothing concrete or official. So to sum it up you bought pledges from backers, at what value I don't know. You used office software to inflate your ego and fuel your arrogance to speak on behalf of 95% of the people. And then you found nothing concrete or official in terms of information regarding your sainted watch. Yup you really have been productive. "Let's review what constructive things Brent Roberts has done here to help? Ask a lot of questions? Ask more? Ask again? Demand answers? SHOUT?" Yup I've asked a ton of questions that have yet to be officially answered. Yup I've demanded answers to them which even you Roma are incapable of answering. Yup I've even added more questions that need to be answered yet haven't. These are very basic, direct questions that could easily be answered by anyone with a clue as to what is going on with this project, and if this newly hired project manager can't do Chris' job in terms of public relations then I'm guessing it's another failed bit of spent backer cash. "Anything I've forgotten?" Yup dealing with ignorant and arrogant pieces of shit trolls like you Roma and Rick Wicker who take any contradiction or contrary viewpoint as almost like a threat against your personal well being. So I've asked questions and you have short changed backers. I demanded answers and you believe in hypotheticals. I asked more questions and you proved you're competent with office software. Makes us feel like better people... Keep us entertained... I guess we will get concrete and official information from creator but it will never be sufficiently detailed or timely enough for some. Let's review what constructive things I've done here to try helping myself and other backers. I've bought pledges from 4 backers. I've quantified the very low proportion of backers who care enough about what's going on to bother commenting here. I've contacted creator's sidekick and posted information fro him about the project. Let's review what constructive things Brent Roberts has done here to help? Ask a lot of questions? Ask more? Ask again? Demand answers? SHOUT? Anything I've forgotten? @Roma - and if you could find concrete and official information about Agent that answers this multitude of unanswered questions then I wouldn't have to ask and you would prove yourself more worthwhile and useful. @Karsten, the info re ceramics is 5 days old, not 5 months old. If Brent kept the noise down you might have been able to hear. @Richard - there's a good chance that we will see an update at 11:59pm EST on May 31st so the creator can say he gave us an update before the end of the month. The update will most likely be filled with deflected bullshit and leave more unanswered questions. I hope I'm wrong about that but given the past actions, or more fitting, lack of action from the creator that doesn't seem to be out of the realm if possibilities. Then Roma will praise his master and his side kick Rick Wicker will chime in together to attempt to utilize whatever wit they can muster to defend and troll anyone (including myself) that feels or has a contradictory opinion or viewpoint. Like I said I hope I'm wrong about this but given the past with this project it's well within the realm of possibilities. I wish the creator would be more forthcoming with information to valid points and questions. I wish the creator would take more responsibility and be held more accountable for, what could be construed, as deception and falsehoods that followed gaining over 1 million of public funding. I wish that were the case, but given the past of this project, I doubt that will ever happen. Three weeks since the last update, they certainly are treating us with this wall of silence about where our $150 watches are an progress (or lack of) is at. I think we should run a poll. Are they in the Bahamas or are they in the Philippines? "Thinks it will be ceramic" and "Is going to be ceramic" are two completely different statements. Also, the interview in question is more than a little outdated as the last entry in HoH's page about Agent is dating Jan 13th. That is way before the decision to switch from frontlight to backlight... Here it is <url>"Renfield" @Roma looking at the HoH website all I can see is the Bedlam... do you have access to another unofficial beta here? Roma, you are an Agent agent... tell us the truth. @Roma ceramic watchbase. Hear, hear! Who told you that? Another unconfirmed information you got privately and forgot to keep it under the blanket of your NDA? It's on the HoH website. Presumably they'll be selling it over the counter at some stage. On the "smart" aspect, the Agent will be the only one to work with iOS/WP/Android, with dual processors, QI charging and probably a ceramic watchcase. Lots of things it won'd do but that list is pretty smart I think. @Roma could only see variations of an semi-ugly chunky watch there. Lots of different colors - but the same chunky design. Looked up on the Interwebz and found the "Bedlam". No sign of Agent whatsoever. Makes me wonder, if the Agent really exists. I mean if, HoH would have it advertized somewhere in a prominent place...? It is, after all, the World's smartest watch. Right after the Samsung, Sony, Motorola and Omate/SimValley ... you name it. Wait ... now I am enlightened. It is NOT the smartest watch anymore. Maybe it never was. Maybe that's why HoH is not advertizing it? Who knows? @Karsten, thanks. I was genuinely interested. In NYC last November for business and I made the time to head down to HoH but it was pissing down rain when I emerged from the subway at Lafayette and I couldn't dick around for fear of being late for a flight. They only sell Bedlams I think (?) but Lawrence said they'd be launching another range soon - not talking about Agents, but I wonder if they'll sell them from there too. If they do they'd better bloody well wait until they ship to us! I was on an unscheduled business trip and had literally minutes to spare before heading back to JFK. No time for discussions, literally a fly-by while the taxi was waiting. It's in SoHo. Trendy enough, but still a souterrain shop. Hole in the ground fits it right. Not really a lot of choice in terms of watches. @Roma If you compare Apple's "Hole in the Ground" flagship store to HoH souterrain shack, I'm afraid you did not understand the difference between square inch and square yard. Wait, you Aussies are metric... take mm and m then... I would like to change my shipping address. I am not sure where I will be living when this project is delivered but I am sure that with the recent advances in space exploration I will not be living on earth. Please advise shipping costs for those of us who will be enjoying intergalactic travel. @Adam - how's the work coming with the SDK? Just checking in to see if the petty fights had stopp....and see everyone later. Was that supposed to be clever Roma? MISSION IMPOSSIBLE Secret Agent Topp - Well done, escaping detection at the House of Horrors. The sunnies, hat and guitar did the trick. The last Agent we sent there caused sheer Bedlam and set us back a good 6 months. He's now investigating Xbox games to check for potential violations of the National Security Code. Secret Agent Topp, your mission now, should you choose to accept it, is to infiltrate The Dark Forces HQ, aka Secret Labs. You must go disguised as a project manager. If you see any traces of ceramic you must transmit the secret code: WATCHCASE ROCKS. For that instruction, ignore any bathroom fixtures. You must locate all bank statements and investment reports and if the total comes to more than $500,000 transmit the code: LAWYERS FIELD DAY. Most importantly, you must locate someone/something allegedly called "Mr Walker" and when you do transmit the secret code: GHOST WHO WALKS. If you can't find evidence of said Mr Walker transmit the code: TOLD YA. Secret Agent Topp, if there is indeed a Mr Walker you might find said person/apparition incapacitated or worse. If so transmit the code SCHADENFREUDE. This message will self destruct after 10 seconds. Just like an Omate Truesmart. @Lloyd, so it's not the hole in the ground characteristic that makes HoH remind you of a crap Singaporean store. What about it does? Have you been inside? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Karsten, why did you go incognito? Why not be upfront and discuss your concerns? @Lloyd, the Apple store on 5th Avenue is literally a hole in the ground too. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Roma - ooooohh lol you told me! Lol infant. Roma - misdemeanour Brent - Miss? Demean her! @Karsten - what was HoH like? Did you get to ask questions about Agent? If so what did you ask and did it get answered? @Karsten - why doesn't your description of HoH surprise me? @Roma - lmao you think editing a quote of mine to appease your fragile manhood is going to make a difference in the fact that you can't comprehend the undeniable fact that this project and creator are flawed and have a lot to be held accountable for. Lmao go ahead infant. You dodge, edit and manipulate as you see fit but in doing so you lose all sense of reality. You have treated anyone who dares contradict you, Agent, or Chris with staggering depths of unfathomable stupidity, monumental arrogance, unbridled rudeness, and a gargantuan inferiority complex. Bottom line Roma, you have no official information on this watch and are about as useful as a one legged man in an ass kicking contest. Now type your butter knife sharp witty comeback and make sure to twist and edit my comments to inflate yourself to a level you can only dream about becoming. Now quiet little infant or you're getting a time out. Cry much Roma? Booo hooo hoooo. @Roma you already have a history of deliberately ripping quotations out of context ... @all paid an incognito visit to HoH - doesn't look like a really successful and big operation to me. Brent Roberts: "I can't even speak intelligently ..." Sure got that right. Bluff, bluster and vile misogynistic comments are so much easier, apparently. @Rick Wicker - 1) yes my questions are valid. 2) I knew you were just here to troll ;) now shhhhhh, quiet lil boy and let the grown ups talk. @Roma - I said "I can't even speak intelligently as to if/when projects will come to fulfillment." So thanks for not managing to comprehend the fact that I never claimed to be a Kickstarter supremo. :) now go look up some more Aussie slang to call me since you're worthless at gathering concrete information on Agent. Until then though shut up boy. @Roma - If sent a watch I will do what I did when I received another extra Kickstarter item (that time due to a simple shipping error) - contact the creator and see how I should proceed from there. I can't even tell who's trolling who anymore. I think you guys deserve each other. @brent I don't think you get to call anyone sad after your behavior in the Ouya forums. You have proven to be quite witty though, it doesn't get any better than "I have naked pictures of your mother!" Yes, Brent is the Kickstarter supremo. 48 projects backed and the distinction of being the only backer to call a woman a "**** dumping ****". 7 August 2013 saw new depths plumbed in Kickstarterland. @brent 1) no, 2) yes Could Brent be the Phil Spector of Kickstarter? Is "Chris Wicker" and Rick Walker the same person? Is Roma really The Creator? The thlot pickens. @Robert, what will you do if you get sent a watch? @Rick - I don't plan to receive a watch to keep - however I happen to work in the financial industry and sometimes banks are that generous. If they believe that they customer has a right to the chargeback, they can't recover the funds from the company, and the customer is of value to them (I'm pretty valuable to my bank for multiple reasons) - they will still give the funds for chargeback and eat the cost themselves. There is documentation of this if you search around. As far as taking money out from the project. Their goal was $100k, they raised over $1mm. If they can't handle a few chargebacks (with the result of not having to deliver a product), then there's an issue. @Rick Wicker - I do ask direct and valid questions. Pity you can't seem to comprehend them. How about you go away and find concrete answers to them? Or would you rather plague this by trolling with witless humor in an attempt to showcase yourself as more important than you are? Sad. shit then they only have $1,012,500 to complete the project now... Yet that we still don't know what progress has been made, what the materials are, what the time frame to completion, what tasks are left and Rick your worrying about a little thing instead of the Many Red Flags the Chris is showing... makes sense..... not to me or any other rational thinker Ask questions then. Don't hide them in a huge rambling wall of text and accusations. You don't need to be a kickstarter expert to understand that taking money out of a project reduces its chance of success. @robert if KickStarter and Amazon are not aware of a chargeback are you just keeping the watch? Pretty sure banks aren't that generous. @john i'm sorry I can't provide the relevant and timely content you do. Please feel free to ignore my comments. @Kcjnz @Robert @ John - even though Rick Wicker has only backed a few projects we can't blame him for thinking he knows how all of Kickstarter projects work the scolding and demeaning those who dare share a different opinion or viewpoint. I'm wondering who has the bigger ego here: creator, Roma, Chris wicker? Chris don't try to inflate yourself into the Kickstarter expert bc you are not one. I've backed far more projects than you. Some got cancelled, some got delayed, some produced on time, however after backing a multitude of projects I can't even speak intelligently as to if/when projects will come to fulfillment. Kickstarter is a roll of the dice every time but every time, backers have the right to ask valid questions throughout every step of the way. @kcjnz - "chargebacks are stealing" is f'ing hilariously delusional! leave it to our Rick Wicker to chime in with such opinionated point of views. @Rick I didn't KS Pebble because I was a bit leary of throwing my lot in so I waited until it was over and preordered. Honestly, this feels like I'm reliving it all over again. It sounded like Chris was going to be more responsive with honest answers than what Pebble did and a build in the US was a big plus so I said what the heck and pushed the button. @Karsten that was classic but I don't think Roma would be happy with only getting one watch. I believe s/he is owned 3 or 4 more. Kickstarter changed their TOS in part because of Pebble. There is nothing explicitly stating a timeframe for when a reward should be delivered. To me, taking 200 bucks and lighting it on fire is no different than propping up a project. I can get burned either way. Having buyers remorse and whining to my cc company or bank is a **** move. You chose to support this. You might not like where it is but to decide a year later this is bs I want my money back is ridiculous. It would be one thing if it was crystal clear the creator had abandoned the project. Then more power to you. If the cc companies go after chris for the money that's going to be taking away from the rest of us. @Roma - lmao calling me a dumbass? Have the stones to at least say it out right little boy. Lol Let's use Aussie slang to call me a dumbass? You're like the creator in so many ways, but most notably, you're both cowards. I pity you Roma. Now go find the community some concrete information and be quick about it *snaps fingers* and until you do shut your mouth boy. seeing as Chris seems to be active on the Netduino forums, why don't we all head over to that board and hop on the AGENT thread over there? (which last post was 6/29/13...) I just posted but needs mod approval so I doubt it will show up, but at least he has to take some kind of action. @Rick you have backed 4 project have have over 130 comments, none of which have been productive, that's wasting my time reading you nonsense so please quit trolling looking to get responses out of people Rick - As long as I'm actively able to I plan to continue in conversation. While you may consider it stealing it's part of consumer protection. Also - it is my belief that my bank is covering it as neither Amazon Payments nor Kickstarter shows any record anywhere of a chargeback occurring. I don't mind uncertainty, or delays, what I do mind is intentional misleading, poor communication, and failure to answer reasonable questions. I've backed two other projects that are delayed more than Agent and never once considered a chargeback with them because they didn't give any reason to. "chargebacks are stealing" - I am howling at my desk right now and co-workers are looking, that is comedy GOLD!! @Karsten - well said! and I can see that @Rick Wicker is a "Kickstarter expert" so lets all listen closely to his advice. This user's account has been deleted. If you don't like uncertainty, delays, flaky project owners, let your money do the talking and don't give it to strangers in the internet. If you do take part, follow the rules and don't bring everyone else down if you don't think it is working out. You had your chance for due diligence and you provided your money. All you can do now is wait and try to complain more effectively through the available channels. Asking for a refund is fine. Taking legal action is selfish and unrealistic. Chargebacks are selfish and wrong. Didn't you do a chargeback? Why are you still here? I consider a chargeback to directly be detrimental to the project and it makes it less likely that other backers will get their rewards. I also consider that stealing and would appreciate it if you didn't comment anymore. Remember when Chris blamed the delays on the government shutdown? Just another example of passing the buck when they were nowhere near ready for testing. Question for the people who backed the pebble: has this been better or worse 1 year in? @Karsten, that was a lovely bit of satire. We'll said. I mean it. Please help your mate Brent. He's struggling. Do you know the word 'drongo' as used in the Aussie vernacular? No need to google, just think of Brent. @Karsten: "additional penny" @Karsten - absolutely brilliant! How happy would that make Roma?!?! Lol. The funny thing is though, until we hear something concrete and official from Chris, every theory holds the same weight, that is until Chris gives us details. I could say alien races secretly beamed the only watch up to their ship to make it smarter, but until we know for sure, every theory is just that, theory. Not proof. Lol I wonder what kind of stories we could make up? How about one where Chris actually gives a **** about the backers and not just himself? Wait... I said theory and that sadly HAS been proven. Woops. Sry. @Frank Schmidberger Indeed, he does not get a single penny for anything he does with Agent. He already has been paid. About a million dollars. I feel, this should be enough dough to answer a few questions and/or to put up a FAQ. But again, this is not going to fail. Chris can't afford to pay us back. This has to go forward, albeit at a speed that will allow Chris to make a reasonable profit. In 24 to 36 moths, the whole assembly will be worth $5.99 in Shenzen. My wild estimate: We will see unexpected parasitic draw with the high-tech metal casing and the ceramic alternative will be too brittle. After lengthy testing, a plastic will be chosen. But the ordered molds are not for injection molding, so new molds have to be ordered. While this happens, a new backlight/frontlight and a new QI charging coil will be available and obviously this means that SL will jump on that train and will incorporate the latest technology to provide us with the smartest watch on the planet. The beta-tester of the filal beta will then experience scratches in the display glass, so the hand-made beta watch (yepp, singular, Chris will only build one! And Roma will receive it as THE beta tester!) will be recalled and a new display glass will be sought. After a lengthy process of evaluation, the polyacrylic glass will be coated with a laquer to prevent scratching. Then, the handmade, hand-stitched leather straps will show signs of premature wear. the beta phase will be extended by a few months to evaluate that and after about 9 more months of extended beta, the decision will be made to switch to silicon rubber bands. Shortly before production will begin, someone displaced the tin bucket that Chris had borrowed from the OMATE Team to conduct IP67 testing and once it was found again (and the tests successfully conducted), a series of unexpected holidays (Christmas and then Chinese New Year followed by Tet) will stop production before it begins. Once produced, the selection of an incompetent shipping agent, missing CE certificates and a tax/customs-fraud by undervalueing the shipment will then stop the few already shipped Agents before they can reach their backers. Roma will then receive the first, one and only production Agent and as soon as he has it on his wrist, he will be able to part the Red Sea, walk on water, but he will fail the attempt to feed 5684 angry backers with a few slices of bread and a tin can of sardines. I think there is a simple reason for what we are seeing at the moment (no answers here, but posts on the Netduino forums...). This whole thing is a one man show, at least on the SL side. "Over the next week, we will be working daily with both the backlight and watch case team to make sure that all engineers are satisfied with the precision and fit of the final backlight and watch case components." I bet there are no teams and "all engineers" is just Chris! But why the lack of communication? Very easy, Chris has to keep his Netduino business running but he doesn't get any additional penny by answering questions here or keep us up to date. Refund please, this project is dead. Anyone that thinks otherwise either has some sort of inside information or is just plain blind. @ Roma & spaztastic you make some valid points but I am unsure how they relate to my comment as I did not back Pebble on Kickstarter or place a pre-order. My only point was I am glad I have my PEBBLE compared to having nothing which is what I think we will end up with here. Just my opinion I maybe wrong but I don't think so. @Roma - wow so now you're the grammar police? You want to pride yourself on something? How about going to your master Chris' feet and get some official information on pending questions and situations that are all valid and pertain to this product and whatever future it has? Until you have something concrete and worthwhile you, mate, need to get to grip with reality and shut up. Quiet boy and get us information *snaps fingers* that's official and concrete. yep, saw that right after I hit post, hate the lack of edit. @kcjnz, "I just think you're a shill". Not calling you that, just correcting your spelling. Note the apostrophe and no ellipsis. Oh, Agent has to deliver and it will. I am sure, Chris will find a way across this obstacle course and deliver in about 36 months time. At least this is based on the "progress" so far extrapolated to a real timescale. By then, the whole assembly will possibly cost about $5.99 in Shenzen an will be wort even less once it reaches the backers. Chris will even make a good profit on that, given the interest on the million bucks and the price we've paid.... I am sure, it will be delivered, because if not, Chris would have to repay the million bucks and he possibly has spent a lot of it - gambling on a frontlight. So, we will get out Nintendo Gameboys in a PS Vita world - at premium prices. <url>"you" with "the community" and no this doesn't make us even, I doubt the majority of backers think this will ship at this point. With Pebble, even though it was a pain, the general consensus was that a product would be delivered. Karsten thinks your an Agent agent, I just think your a shill... So I'm guessing that these guys just got off with a million buck in their pockets, what the hell is going on with this !! Anyone know if we can do anything about this?? Or if we can report them to some fort of authority @kcjnz, you knew Pebble would eventually ship? Well, I know Agent will eventually ship. Does that make us even? Chris posts on his netduino less than 10 minutes ago.... yet KS or Agent forum nothing.... YAY for business ethics Why would any of us give it rest, this is becoming a travashamockery of a project, missed dates, bad decisions, lack of communication and "celebrity endorsements" @Brent Roberts is spot on with his comments, these folks need to be held accountable. Good try with the Pebble misdirection, I was on that one from the start (looking at my Kickstarter edition on my wrist as I type) and comparing Pebble and Agent is apples and oranges. Pebble has issues but you knew that they would eventually ship and they did and now on to Pebble Steel. All we have from Agent at this time is vaporware. @roma - see what happens when you think... I like how the creator can post on the Netduino forum daily, yet leaves us all in the dark. They're just lucky that there are no other smartwatches with Windows Phone support as of yet, otherwise I would be far more irritable about this 6 month delay. I'm on to Brent's game now. He only wanted to post the 5,000th comment here. Having reached that milestone, maybe he'll have a rest? Karsten says I'm an Agent agent. I think I'm just a gent. @spaztastic - thanks for the insight! i didn't end up backing pebble bc I wanted to see how things played out. Based off of what you summed up, I think I made the right call and just waited until I could just buy the steel and be done with it. I am though seeing a lot of similar traits between Agent and Pebble and none of them are good by any means. In just over a few weeks this project will have been funded for a year and while originally they intended to ship in December, we were fed a stream of crap which led us to realize that the case material hadn't been decided on or any molds even ordered. 6 months since estimated ship and nothing but arrogance, selective silence, deflection, and misdirection from the creator. Sadly, Agent has as much chance of becoming successful as I do of becoming king of planet earth. 1 year to get a mold? 10x funding to get a mold? How about plan B backlight after the creator pissed away money on a gamble? There are a bunch of more questions that I have/could ask, but 1 year and no direct, concrete answers on ANY of them? How does this fare stacked side by side with what their original campaign promised? There was without a doubt deception involved from the beginning. I believe that the image of the company took a massive hit that they will not be able to recover from. So pebble missed their ship dates? Where have we seen that? Oh that's right, here @ Agent. December moved to August, which now is "unofficially believed" to be moved to September and is that for the December Agent pledge or the January Agent pledge? Will they just lump them together if/when they ship or will they still make January Agents wait a month before shipping those units? So Pebble sucked in communication w their backers? Where have I seen that before?? Oh yea, right here @ Agent. Pebble was the catalyst for KS reform bc of all the negatives associated with the product? Well hopefully Agent will be the catalyst for more backer protection here on KS. Appreciate all the info and answering of questions! Answering a question I was directly asked. @Roma Pebble was bad in an epic way. Been there, seen that. But why all the Pebble-bashing? Pebble has a product. They are even working on the second Generation. This project has nothing to show - NOTHING - and is at least as bad as Pebble ever was. Are we on the race to the bottom here?Shut the beep up, bashing a project that has somethiung to show and rather tell your master that he should spend more time on communication than feeding a motormouth with BS! Roma, your performance as PR agent for Chris is bad. If I were him, I would not consider paying out a bonus. I, personally, would rather put you on a PIP! @Ken Rogers, there's much, much more. Pebble had a Community Manager called Joseph Kristoffer who did some highly 'creative' things'. Google that name with 'Kitten Mittens' to find out more. They promised to get out an SDK with emulator before the first Pebbles shipped. Shipping started in a limited fashion mid Jan 2013 (6 months late ) but no SDK for many months after (except a limited watch face version in about Apr 2012) and even then no emulator. An infamous firmware update bricked every watch it came near. Black pre-orders started shipping before white KS ones - Pebble tried reinventing history saying they gave backers who chose colours the chance to change to black but that was several months before colour production problems and delays became evident and backers were not given the chance to switch to black when it counted. International shipping problems were legendary. Google 'pebble german customs' to get a sense of those misadventures. Support was virtually non-existent for many months after shipping started and they had this great system which put those following up requests to the back of the queue every time they sent an email. Their forum moderators were like the Gestapo, as were they on Reddit. Reddit finally got rid of them a few months ago because of community outrage. You were not much more than 0% familiar with Pebble Kickstarter if you didn't know the things spaztastic, Dino and I have just written about. Pebble reached new highs and plumbed new depths on Kickstarter. Totally useful information, thank you spaztastic! In my opinion, those/these types of examples information are totally helpful for me. So thank you! This user's account has been deleted. Pebble on Kickstarter was so bad, it, along with a couple of other high profile campaigns, caused the rules to be changed eg no renders. That said, although the one on my wrist isn't scratch resistant, no matter what they say, and looks like a cheap toy, it works brilliantly. I'd suggest the Pebble Steel is the best smartwatch you can currently buy unless you really need a low res camera on a watch. This is a bit like Sydney Opera House - a perfect example of how to get a project wrong, but nowadays, no one mentions the costs or delays, they just talk about how great a building it is. Agent still has that chance, but with things like Pebble Steel, Gear2 and the upcoming Android Wear watches, they're at real risk of releasing the Betamax in a streaming media age. I think the only exclusive they've still got is Windows compatibility, but I'd be amazed if Pebble don't include that soon. One additional tidbit about Pebble... They required their early preorders to pay for the watch in Jan 2013 with a promised ship date of by March 15th. That date came and went without a word from Pebble. They changed the date again and again missed their ship date. Keep in mind at this point they had already supposedly shipped out all the black KS rewards. Then it was announced they were going to be selling at Best Buy so it turned that there were folks who had already paid six months prior for their black watch whom were waiting for it to be delivered to their house while people whom never even heard of Pebble but saw it at Best Buy got one. @Ken @Martin @Brent Pebble did not deliver on time. Pebble flat out lied. Pebble had horrible communication. Pebble started selling watches at Best Buy before they filled all their kickstarter/preorders. Pebble didn't do everything it said they could. The video they posted on KS turned out to be somewhat fraudulent. Yeah Pebble pulled a lot of bad crap, po'd a ton of their backers, and yet here we are people who really know nothing about it saying how dare you compare the two. Same boat mates they've just been around longer. I tagged you Brent because at the end of the day a majority of people don't know the bs a company pulls and has no issues defending them well after the fact. Agent just might come out with a decent watch a for a majority of people all is forgotten. Anyone can go look at KS comments or reddit to verify what I say. Pebble also used it's own forum and was very diligent about removing dissenting views. @Roma, I really don't have any issues with you, but don't you hear yourself as you type that out? Are you really trying to compare one of the most successful Kickstarter campaigns with the Agent? I am really baffled at you in a sincere way. I'm open minded enough to have discussions, differing points of view, disagreements, etc. but you really have some of the oddest arguments I've seen (if you'll allow me to express my opinion in a way that doesn't provoke some childish remark). When you say stuff like "Let's not gloss over history too much" is just sounds really really odd......Study the past if you would define the future.  Confucius I'm not 100% familiar with the Pebble Kickstarter as a backer, so I'll ask a sincere question and lend a different view of how you could have delivered your message in a way that people would see as well thought comparison view of the Agent vs Pebble...... Since I'm not aware, did Pebble have similar communication issues from the creators? Did Pebble fail to deliver on the estimated reward time? If so, how late were they? Did they communicate effectively what the delays were? I can only speak for myself, but if you could answer those questions in contrast to what is happening here with the Agent, I would find that very interesting and engaging. Your current response below just seems odd to me, respectfully. @Martin, Pebble took a long, long time to get there for iPhone users. It took a year + after they started to ship until they achieved reasonably stable BT connectivity and to overcome the dreaded finger-dance for notifications. Their KS campaign in early 2012 said Pebble worked "perfectly" with Apple and Android smartphones. Also they included the iPhone 3GS in the list of those perfectly compatible phones although there was never any possibility of the 3GS exposing hooks for the notifications. Let's not gloss over history too much. So glad I have my PEBBLE its on my wrist and does what is says it will do. This project is going to be nothing more than Smoke and Mirrors. I don't know why people are harping on about believing unofficial updates. Official updates seem full of more cr@p to me. If you go to the creator section of the project, you will see two entries, Secret Labs and HoH and if you read further, one of them makes what goes inside the watch and the other makes what holds what goes inside the watch and when they are all done, WATCH! voil I admit I could be taking a leap of faith in my interpretation but I'm comfortable with that. The celeb endorsement comment made me chuckle, that was good after a long day :) This user's account has been deleted. @Roma - whilst the commercial split isn't known, look about an inch above the comments box (well its about that far on my phone): AGENT: The World's Smartest Watch By Secret Labs + House of Horology If Chris is the lead on this, I'd suggest HoH put some pressure on him, as if thus goes belly up, they'll take equal blame. Whilst they aren't a tech company, they were/are a cool New York watch brand. Being part of a $1m dollar project that doesn't deliver will affect them just as much, rightly or wrongly. From the original project spec, I've always taken it that they were responsible for the external design, so watchcase material sits with them. It has to meet the tech spec for Bluetooth, Qi etc, but I would expect they get the final veto on ceramic/plastic etc @Roma - "I can believe anything I like." Yes you can but speculation holds no merit, no matter how hard you want to believe it, hence the word speculation. Fact, on the other hand, is different. Would a sane, intelligent person rather believe proven facts or speculation that holds no merit since it's not official? It's like me asking you why @Creator isn't posting on his ks platform or his forums for agent, then taking your answer (which holds no official merit of any kind) and saying, this IS the reason and I believe that as fact. Do you also believe in the Easter bunny or tooth fairy too? Wake up boy. I can believe anything I like. If I'm wrong, c'est la vie. I don't want to shut anyone up. It seems that any amount of abuse, unfounded assertion and general idiocy is acceptable on the interweb. Certainly lots of that here and I enjoy calling it. For example, kcjnz asserting that HoH bears as much responsibility as SL. How in the world would he know that? Does he know their business arrangement? Is there a law saying that 30 words spruiking at the end of a 4-minute video makes someone 50% responsible for a project? Would a celeb endorsement make them similarly responsible? @John, @Roma - HoH is the other half of this, they need to bear as much responsibility as Secret Labs, why do they get a pass? and it doesn't matter if HoH responds quickly if there is no substance to their response or action taken to help the situation. @Roma - wanna shut me up? Then find something concrete. I asked valid questions. Believe speculation if you want, but I'd prefer to believe official facts. Base your witless comments off of your belief in maybes and other non official statements. You know what an unofficial, definite maybe is worth? Absolutely nothing. And you want to believe that? Go right ahead, but either produce or shut up. Better yet go talk with your "partner" Chris and get him to help give definitive, non deflecting, precise answers. You are so blinded by trying to insult me and shut me up that you don't even realize that you were fed a bunch of non official speculation, and this is how they treat you? One of their few "die hard" fanatic followers and believers? Wake the **** up! Look, if you like the product that's one thing and great if you do, I'll give you a cookie. But you can't sit there and say you believe speculation on a non official level, or any level for that matter. What happens if the speculation goes south? Then what? You would have been fed a bunch of falsehoods that you stood on your soap box and shouted "I believe him and this product to be the best thing that humankind has ever seen" and now you look even more foolish. Wake up. Get your facts. Or shut the **** up. Simple mate. @John +1 No truck with Lawrence. He's a good bloke. Suggest you prepare for when the usual suspects here start demanding copies of the emails. Lawrence from HoH is a good guy and responds to emails almost instantly, and no one should blame him for this lackluster show of communication...but Chris / @creator where are you? Good to see the usual suspects have been trumped when it comes to idiotic suggestions. Wikipedia: "Denial-of-service attacks are considered violations of the Internet Architecture Board's Internet proper use policy, and also violate the acceptable use policies of virtually all Internet service providers. They also commonly constitute violations of the laws of individual nations." @kcjnz - I'm all for exposing this campaign for the "World's smartest watch" for what it really is, one of Kickstarter's greatest scams. Not THE greatest, but hands down a shining example of how KS needs to implement backer protection. Now normally this doesn't need to happen as a majority of the projects are fulfilled and delivered but in the instances that they are, the backers need some form of protection or security. Public image is very important to a company that tries to serve the masses and if they tarnish their own image and don't repair it, they only have themselves to blame. @Roma, it is not mutually exklusive, you know. And this place wouldn't have turned into a sh!thole it @Creator would have communicated better in the first place. Now, go and lick your master's Hand. I suggest everyone make a call to the one party/place in the mix that is visible, reachable and has an actual storefront... And as backers and the ones being slighted, we need to take the high road and have our actions above reproach when calling out someone else. 10x the backing requested and 5 months late, little under a million dollars to mess with, we are no where near where this project needs to be. @Brent Roberts - curtailing purchases alone isn't going to cut it, we have to start raising the flag and adding this to the list of Kickstarter projects that need to be flogged in social media and exposed. @Josh - I don't agree that illegal action ddos will solve anything. It's simple this is about a business. If you want to hurt them it's simple, don't buy anything from secret labs or hoh and if the income revenue isn't there they will have no choice but to either seek investment capital elsewhere (but usually at an expense of equity if the business) or sell outright to another company or close down for good. These are just some outcomes that can happen when customers stop believing the company's bull**** and stop buying their products. It's not speculation it's economics. we all should get together and ddos the secret labs forum so that the damn @creator will spend less time there and more time on what we have paid for. My ass hurts because i have been bent over repeatedly by secret labs, and their bull shit scam @Jim Lewallen - yep, I am hard at work on several watch faces and a countdown timer for future kickstarter projects, the deadline is almost up and I don't want to miss the cutoff so mine are included in the "Agent AppStore" It would suck if I missed that so close to them shipping... @Roma - yep, lets be all unicorns and rainbows and not disturb their fragile sensibilities (boo hoo, these people are mean, I'm not playing here anymore) @Creator needs to sack up and give a definitive update or admit this is failing miserably... @Jim Lewallen -1 Lovely. "the information I have provided is all I know and all have been told. It might not be worth a cracker but it is from the most direct source anyone has found. I believe it and don't care what others think about it. At least I got off my arse and did something to try to find out what's happening." Holy ****ing **** Roma! You found an enormous amount of speculation congrats! None of it means anything because it was prefaced by it not being official but like you said "I believe it and don't care what others think about it." But you found it! Fantastic work in finding nothing concrete yet you believe it! Amazing!!! I could ask the homeless guy down the street for his opinion and given it's not "official" it holds the same weight as anything you "believe" from the speculation you found! And you're so blind that you don't even realize that the company you're vigorously defending doesn't even think highly of you to not only give you something concrete to believe in on their forums, in a pm, or even on here. Open your eyes and welcome to reality you stubborn ****hole. Like I said, produce concrete information or shut the **** up. Alexander Pope 1709: "Fools rush in where angels fear to tread" Karsten Topp a few hours ago: "But if anyone - anyone! - from HoH or SL would actually bother to show up, it would not be such a sh!thole." Karsten Topp 4 days ago: "I already have a lawyer looking through all of Chris' communications here and in the other forums and FB to check the feasibility of a case against SL and HoH." @Jim Lewallen +1 @Jim, I've just started looking at and playing with the SDK. Any tips/suggestions for a newbie? At this point, because of the silence from the Creator, this Comments section has become what is today. In order to ease tensions here some insight and informative updates would be needed... @Creator, please? But if anyone - anyone! - from HoH or SL would actually bother to show up, it would not be such a sh!thole. It we would be given a few crumbs about the status and the progress - of lack thereof - once in a while... It the Creator would answer questions and not divert into decoys... If pigs could fly.... You know... I bet the guys at Secret Labs would hang out here more if this place wasn't such a downer. Is anyone working with the SDK? Whatcha building? Any cool watch faces? @Ken You're making a sweeping generalization about a person you know nothing about. Based on posts here it's a logical conclusion that people here want to sue for money. The I want my refund or I am going to sue kind of gave it away. @Ken Rogers, the information I have provided is all I know and all have been told. It might not be worth a cracker but it is from the most direct source anyone has found. I believe it and don't care what others think about it. At least I got off my arse and did something to try to find out what's happening. Most detractors are just sitting here complaining and threatening refunds and/or legal action. That's not helping the 95%. In your case, the conspiracy theory centres on the 'Secret' in Secret Labs and invites people to be nervous and shocked about them. The implication is that if you can't find them you can't trust them. Regarding lack of communication, you would see that I am very critical of that if you bothered to check my posts here or on the Agent forums. Over there, you will find a whole topic on communication. I started that and have posted there several times, as I have done here, on that subject. The communication has been shithouse. Why, I don't know but malintent is only one possible explanation. How would I suggest appeasing the 5%? I don't know and I don't care. They/you will never change so why should I bother trying to turn water into wine? @spaztastic you assume all legal action is to pursue a monetary reward, that's sad. Especially if you're married to a lawyer but I can understand your gripe. @roma I may be in the 5% as you say, but what information have you really provided? All your information is speculative, second hand and not official information offered by those involved with this project. My opinions are just as worthy as yours (or any other backer) Disgruntled or not, what makes you feel like those who have complaints over the communication or lack of information is somehow a conspiracy theory? Until you are officially someone who represents this kickstarter, you are no more than a conspiracy theorist with these claims of information. You placed yourself in that position just as much as the @creator has put themselves in the position of having...as you put it, at a minimum of 5% backers feeling disgruntled. Since you like the position and seem to share your thoughts.... How would you suggest appeasing the 5% minimum of disgruntled backers? @spaztastic +1 @Ken Rogers, while I'm spending my time doing some analytics and trying to obtain and share information to help people who are hungry for news, I see you're spending your time fostering conspiracy theories and lawyering-up. Some people have acknowledged my contributions as helpful. You're in the 5%. @Josh - if you use IFTTT.com, there's a recipe on there that sends you a text if there's an Agent update on Kickstarter. Often comes before the email does. (Creator, don't worry, I can cope with an email and a text clogging up my in boxes) ION, I joined IFTTT after Pebble showed a channel for their watch on it which has never appeared publicly. Useful site though, but just shows that what new starts promise doesn't always appear +1 @spaztastic +1 @spaztastic. Nice one. Oh good grief. Enough with all the threats of legal action. For better or worse I'm married to a lawyer and she has a good chuckle every time I read one of your wahhhh I'm going to sue blah blah blah posts. Class action suits can cost a lot of money and the benefit is to the lawyers not the people suing. If anyone has "found" a lawyer looking into suing they're an ambulance chaser. Seriously, how much money do you think there is between HoH and Secret Labs. And please point out exactly where Secret Labs has violated the TOS? If you just want your 200 bucks because it's such a strain to have lost it a year ago instead of drinking it, snorting it, eating it, buying games with it, or whatever the heck you do then perhaps you should 1) be a **** bag and get a chargeback and 2)never use Kickstarter again. Until someone can legitimately drag Kickstarter into the lawsuit it's not worth it. You can even go to small claims court but seriously you folks are the reason why this country is sucking. Everyone sues for every god damn stupid thing. Anyone that frowns upon displeased backers that are willing to seek legal action is obviously disillusioned. Yes @Roma, I will include you in this. If you have information that was given to you by the @creator, that has not been shared formally or informally, only adds to the fire of those of us who want protections. You inserting yourself as some kind of proxy between Secret Labs, HoH and the backers is a bad place to put yourself. I am one of those backers that is more than comfortable seeking legal action at this point. If the @creator wants to avoid that, there are about 4000+ comments on this kickstarter page that they should read to correct the issues of being forthright and communicating more effectively. No one asked you to be the spokesperson for updates. We are simply asking for anyone that has information to share it. How hard is that for you to understand? Your constant stabs at fellow backers, regardless of their own stance, makes you even more of a target for frustration and anger. I know you won't accept some sincere feedback, but if you don't have anything to share, you would probably be better served to sticking to your own complaints rather than trying to speak for a kickstarter project that has gone completely off the rails. This information should make anyone nervous: <url>#6 you have made it blatantly clear you have no idea. Thanks for proving you have no concrete information you are willing to share. Instead you are trying to pass along speculation as fact and give value to that which has none. So until you have concrete information that you want to share, be quiet mate. The questions were raised in a general manner and that is why it wasn't directed at anyone, and was delivered as an example of valid questions that the community needs to know, but highly unlikely that they will get answers. If they are ordering a mold they know what the material is. Methinks Roma in his/her spare time also enjoys tormenting cats with a laser pointer. Logged into my chase account today to see this message. Not sure if they got from SL or paid themselves as a courtesy... "We're pleased to tell you that your credit card dispute with ASI*KICKSTARTER COM has been resolved. The credit we issued to you for the amount of $179.00, and, if applicable, the credit for fees and/or interest charges will remain on your account." Seeing as these are reasonable questions but not addressed to anyone, I'll have a crack at answering them in case it helps other backers. I seem to have the best information of anyone here after exchanging emails with Lawrence Leyderman from the House of Horology. Not gloating, just how it is. 1. HoH thinks the watchcases will be Ceramic 2. Chris said yonks ago that any QI charger which meets the standards will work - some better than others 3. HoH thinks delivery will start in September 4. Yes there could be delays. There could be any number of delays. 5. HoH says there is a project manager. I don't know how new he/she is. HoH says things are improving. I don't know what those things are. 6. HoH says Chris is both busy and meticulous. Here are some simple, valid questions: 1) what will the case material be made of? Not what it "may be" made of but what "WILL" it be made of? 2) what Qi charger(s) will be compatible with Agent? 3) what is the new estimated timeframe of this project? 4) are there any foreseeable delays that could jeopardize the launch and push back the release? If so, what are they? 5) who is this new project manager and how are things improving when the communication hasn't changed even on Agent's own forums? 6) Chris was noted as being busy, however busy with what aspect of Agent? Chris hasn't commented since the beginning of May on the Agent forums and yet he posted numerous times on his other forum? These are all valid questions and Roma and Rick Wicker will probably launch at me for even asking these but f them. These are just a few that need to be answered. You people crack me up! @Josh - sorry your ass hurts, Roma forgot to be gentle. Roma doesn't need a response to show that he's a condescending jack***. :) Roma you are a grade A moron if you value information that is speculation as opposed to fact. :) So either produce or shut up. Where the hell is update 20!!! i check here a couple of times a day hoping for information. This whole project makes my ass hurt. Brent doesn't need a Casio-styled wrist trinket to look foolish. Back on topic, Karsten says "It is hard to imagine that someone would order expensive molds without the knowledge what material and process those molds will be used for". Well, spaztastic tried to educate us (3 days ago) on the use of molds for injecting various materials to make things. Chris told us here on 2 May: "... the watch case team added a little bit of thickness to the inner walls of the watch case. This helps maximize our options regarding watch case materials." I think that means a mold can be used for various material options. @Nicolai, thanks. I think any information is good. If it's not from Chris then Lawrence is the next best thing. It's a pity some people here are so bitter and twisted as to not accept any information we can glean. I wonder whether any they've even bothered to email Lawrence themselves? It's not difficult. Mind you, they'd better use a pretty good alias to throw him off the scent. I suggest something like DalaiLama@... or theCIAdidnotkillJFK@... @Rick - you're 100% right I would def look foolish with such a Casio styled child's toy around my wrist had the Agent been released on time. Just like I would look like a cheap moron to give them away to people when I can get better looking and quality watches out of gum ball machine so thank goodness it didn't right? I thought you could comprehend what the (***) did mean but I guess I was wrong, my sincerest apologies. And thank you for confirming that Roma is indeed the second coming of Christ! I can't wait to see YouTube vids of him wearing his agent and parting the seas and walking on water, I bet that will set records in number of views! Now let's now our heads and praise Roma for bragging about finding out information but yet nothing concrete then sharing his discovery with no one. Ooooooohhhhh Rrrrrrroooooo-mmmmmmmaaaaa. You provided nothing concrete or worthwhileeeeee. Praise be to youuuu. Aaaaaammmmeeennnnnnn. That concludes our service today. Pls don't forget to take Rick's hand as he will guide you to Roma's feet where you may kiss them and be healed on your way out. Roma bless. @Roma it is considered to be extremely bad manners to deliberately quote in a way that distorts the original message. Another indication that you truely are a person which I would not even touch with a bargepole in real life. Roma the god of grammar is both vengeful and unforgiving. Karsten Topp about 1 hour ago "@Roma... well said ... thanks. Case closed." Thanks for the compliment and affirmation. Big of you to say that. Always happy to help. But you must understand the the case is yet to be CNC'd, let alone the Moldova mede and ceramic infected. Far frim clozd. Damn auto correct! @Rick, I think English isn't Karsten's first language. I mean, no-one's that silly. Are they? Does anyone know how to turn off the Chrome inanity filter? I keep seeing posts with a bunch of **** in them Way too much religious talk on here, it's not like we are dealing with serious issues like Android based video game consoles. @Roma is a God, his area of expertise probably isn't rapid delivery of smartwatches. He does deserve some credit for getting some new (unofficial) info, well done. @karsten I have trouble imagining things I know nothing about also, so don't worry too much on the molds. @brent good thing the watch didn't come out on time. You would have been walking around for 6 months looking like a moron with that child's toy on your wrist. @spaztastic thanks for the insight on molds /CNC. @Roma, thanks for the input from Lawrence, even if there's nothing concrete. I wish Chris would let Lawrence and their project manager(?) write / contribute to updates, at least it would be reassuring to know that this isn't a one man operation.... @Roma... well said. Neither. So you admit, you do not have any information... thanks. Case closed. This user's account has been deleted. I personally go for neither. Can't wait for the next Update (if we get one). Gunna have a lot of fun with that! I would cease communication with Roma. Either he/she/it is in very close connection to the initiators of this FUBAR KS project and he/she/it is not willing to disclose this, or he/she/it is actually not in posession of the informationhe/she/it claims to have. Her/his/its wording is vague, to say the least. Just for one: The molds are going to be ordered, but HoH/SL are still unsure what material the watch case is being made of. So HoH/SL will use the same molds and technology for either ceramic, plastic, sintered metal, die cast or what other technologies spring to mind. It is hard to imagine that someone would order expensive molds without the knowledge what material and process those molds will be used for. They hired a project manager? Now? After a year of mismanagement? Who is it going to be? Chuck Norris? And why is that information considered to be secret? Why do they fear litigation? If everything is a-OK and they always told the truth, HoH/SL should have the stance to say "Bring 'em on!". But, challenge their position with something more serious than ranting backers - and they go and play even worse hiding games and throw even more decoys. Sorry, this is all too fishy. Roma having information he can not disclose - either he/she/it is under NDA or otherwise strongly related to HoH/SL or he is telling us bs - or both. I, personally, go for "both". Yeah ..I got to agree with Brent on this one , show us the email Roma. Is it wrong to ask for information? @Roma - ah yes the Aussie wit as sharp as a butter knife. Say what you mean. Mean what you say mate. I never threatened legal action. I did say I'd support it but I'm not on the phone to lawyers. "Blame the good people who threaten legal action" Your words, not mine mate. Now either produce or shhhhhhhh be quiet. Sorry about my lack of clarity. I said "blame the good people ...". Nothing there about Brent Roberts. @Roma - "P.S. I have Lawrence's permission to disclose the above on the understanding that the comments are his own and he is not speaking in any official capacity." So then you say "no I won't post the whole email." When someone asked you too. So let me ask you this. Can you post your email in its entirety to Lawrence? Or is this going to turn into another "I know information but I'm not sharing"? In which case you should keep your mouth shut if you won't disclose it. You blame "no I won't post the whole email. Blame the good people who threaten legal action for my stance on that." So why should we even believe you? What proof do you have? Why not email them ourselves, ask the questions then post them here for the public? So what you're saying is relatively pointless. Just like this watch. Either prove it or be quiet mate. @Harley, no I won't post the whole email. Blame the good people who threaten legal action for my stance on that. You have everything I have about the nuts and bolts of the project. That's all I'll say. Would love to get a count of how many people from California, have backed this project and would be interested in starting the process of ligation. @Roma Please copy and paste the whole email. Thank You! @Roma - thank you for getting those answers or speculative comments via email. Few questions though so pardon me for not flat out taking what you received for face value. "the comments are his own and he is not speaking in any official capacity." So does this mean these are his best guesses and not certainties? "The CNC'd case will be ordered today (Monday) and that will be checked and if all OK they will order the mold. He thinks the watchcase material will be Ceramic." So how long will it take to get this "ok"? And he "thinks" it will be ceramic? So he is not sure? "They have hired a project manager and things have improved." This is bs bc apparently Chris can talk up a storm on his other forums and leave Agent in the dust. When was this project manager hired and what are this person's responsibilities? I'll believe warm fuzzy feeling if and when this community doesn't get the shaft from the creator. You even are on the agent forums practically begging Chris to communicate. "Lawrence thinks deliveries will start in September and he is confident we will get an "incredible product"." So thinks again? Then that takes us another month since the projected timeline from Chris. Ok so be it. "Incredible product"? That's purely upon your point of view. I don't share that point of view. @Elad, I think there is EVERY chance you'll get your watch. Rather than use my clairvoyant hotline, I decided to email Lawrence Leyderman from the House of Horology a couple of days ago. I was lucky enough to get a comprehensive and forthright reply. He said the engineers achieved a perfect fit of the watchcase components on Friday. The CNC'd case will be ordered today (Monday) and that will be checked and if all OK they will order the mold. He thinks the watchcase material will be Ceramic. Chris has been very busy but meticulous in his work. They have hired a project manager and things have improved. Lawrence thinks deliveries will start in September and he is confident we will get an "incredible product". Lawrence was forthright and detailed in his comments and I trust him. So, Elad, as poor as the communication has been, I think we'll get our watches in the next few months and they'll be beauties. P.S. I have Lawrence's permission to disclose the above on the understanding that the comments are his own and he is not speaking in any official capacity. Chris will probably not like this info getting out if, for no other reason, it steals his thunder. Well, that's just too bad. Amazing what a polite enquiry will yield. @Bernd, thanks for that. I find it's helpful to have data. Then people can draw their own conclusions. Sorry for the delay, but I first thought you were another backer here with a similar name and I was looking for the irony giveaway. Sorry for the delayed response but around a month ago I have reached the credit card company (Discover) and opened up a dispute to get my money back. I did it via chat and I got the money back the next day (and yes the dispute status is closed, not investigating) It might be so easy because I was a good Discover customer for many years and this is my First dispute for that card. Good luck to the people would like to go to refund route as me. There is any chance to get the watch?? I tried to post 3 times questions on the AGENT forums and for some reason they never post my questions. The only thing that bather me is the communication , I can't understand what so difficult to communicate with people that pay you money and support you... Since Roma knows what 95% of the ppl think. He should have his own clairvoyant hotline. " It seems that more than 95% of backers are happy to just sit quietly and wait for their watches." Lol glad to know Roma speaks on behalf of everyone else. Soooo walk on water yet? Turned water into wine yet? He's going to be very busy scouring all of the internet trying to defend his sainted watch. And then the skies opened up and behold the trumpeted voice rang out "Agent is a gift from the heavens and any who say otherwise will be labeled blasphemous heathens for my word is law and any who do not share my views shall be abused and punished" :) are we friends Roma? @Roma 95% of people are happy to sit and wait just because they don't comment here? That's beyond a stretch...I think a safer bet is at least half of those people have lost so much interest in this they don't care to check here and see no updates, no creator responses...no activity whatsoever. I still find it funny that @Creator doesn't want to make mini updates on here because he doesn't want to "flood our inboxes with notifications". It's not the world smartest watch. It might have been for a while, would it have emerged on time, but once it will emerge .... If it will .... It will be like a Nintendo GameBoy in a world of PS Vitas. It is not and never will be the world's smartest watch. If it will. My prediction is 36 months from now. So that's what passes for wit down in Australia I guess Typically snappy rejoinder from the 5%: "lmao" Meanwhile, Karsten's trying to get his autocorrect to change "Hey Roma, helpful contribution" to "Get my lawyer. NOW" :) Lmao "World's smartest watch" @Roma: You made my day with your analytic approach! :-) I belong to the 95% average people with a sufficient amount of patience to wait for this gadget as long as it takes. To the loud and noisy minority: Get a life, it's only the world's smartest watch! @Roma - sorry, was I supposed to care about what you have to say mate? Erm..not happy. It is just pointless to comment if the creator doesn't bother to answer questions about the progress of this project. Being a quiet Sunday night, I just dusted off Excel to do some analytics. Since 1 Jan 2014 there have been 1,936 posts on this Comments page. All up, 265 people have commented here, including Creator. Many posted once or twice, Creator posted 77 times and the most prolific poster commented 246 times (!) So less than 5% of backers have bothered to comment one way or another on this Comments page since the project overshot its first estimated delivery date. It seems that more than 95% of backers are happy to just sit quietly and wait for their watches. @Brent, I'm not The Creator or even the creator. Just another backer who wants their watch. Reasoned dissent is healthy. Unfounded accusations are unhealthy. Abusing the creator and alleging fraud and other unethical/criminal behaviour is sick. Some people cross that line too loud too often. Unfortunately, you and Karsten are repeat offenders so I call you on it. I'm not sorry if that offends you. I think you two are smart enough to know better. If I didn't think that, I wouldn't bother. Consider that a back-handed compliment. So either tone it down or put up with my rebuttals. The two things I won't do are 1. employ vile and abusive language and 2. report anyone to Kickstarter. @Richard - you mean like a throwback to the old Casio and Timex days of pong and asteroids? This user's account has been deleted. @Roma - I'm sorry should I be referring to you as lord almighty? I love your ambition on this project and how you feel that this watch will be such a groundbreaking revolution that it will make the cripple walk again, the blind will once again see, and people will actually care about what you have to say. I guess you think so highly of your opinion that any dissent is deemed blasphemous in your eyes and heaven forbid someone has an opinion that differs from you bc you then feel it necessary to defend your opinion as heavenly law. The reality is that other ppl have different points of views than yours, you're not god almighty, your word means as much as anyone else's. Get over yourself, because like this Timex watch Agent, you're not special. @Roma - I'm sorry should I be referring to you as lord almighty? I love your ambition on this project and how you feel that this watch will be such a groundbreaking revolution that it will make the cripple walk again, the blind will once again see, and people will actually care about what you have to say. I guess you think so highly of your opinion that any dissent is deemed blasphemous in your eyes and heaven forbid someone has an opinion that differs from you bc you then feel it necessary to defend your opinion as heavenly law. The reality is that other ppl have different points of views than yours, you're not god almighty, your word means as much as anyone else's. Get over yourself, because like this Timex watch Agent, you're not special. Karsten Topp 1 hour ago: @Roma STFU with your ad hominen attacks Karsten Topp May 4: But I tend more and more to assume that some "participants" here, which fiendishly support @Creator might not post here because of intrinsic, but because of extrinsic motivation. Or, IOW, they may get "additional benefits" ..... @Roma. I admire your faith. All I can manage right now is to remain agnostic. The creator never logged in the forum since May 5th. It helps to read what you've written before pushing the Post button on a public forum. That much I know. @Roma STFU with your ad hominen attacks. Apparently you have absolutely no clue what you are talking about. Little old Europe is a Land of many languages and I have to work in German, English, Dutch, French and some Polish. Unfortunately thereis no easy way to have Android switch it's language, so the autocorrection is useless of I am outside of my primary language. But you are know-it-all, aren't you? So you know, what "Plonk!" means, don't you? @Matt, sorry but ... @Karsten, a poor workman always blames his tools. @Your Honour, I plead not guilty to the allegation of complaining about anyone to Kickstarter. In Oz, we call that "dobbing" and it immediately disqualifies us from citizenship. I humbly request you sentence the alligator (!) to another 10 years reviewing Xbox games. @Tim, 1)Yes 2)No 3)Yes 4)No 5)No 6)Not me - three's a crowd. @Brent, thanks for the malapropism opportunity. Pretty apt IMO. @Creator, please don't let this rubbish stop you writing that bloody update! Update please as this comments page has descended into a really dark place. At this point my excitement about the watch has been almost totally replaced by curiosity about how it will all turn out. Will Chris come through at the end with a fantastic product? Will it be a mediocre disappointment? Is it a grossly mismanaged project? Is it a scam? Will there be a lawsuit? Will Karsten, Roma, and Brent give in to their passions and have a fiery love affair? I need to know! @Creator, update please? Please excuse typos and f*ckups due to Android's autocorrection.... Next update will appear in June, waffling about the leather straps and discussing the color of the stitching. The preferred thread color will be unavailable and hence the issue will be handed back to the strap Teams. Unfortunately the communications between the right strap Team and the legt strap Team will run Ingo difficulties, but this will not cause ans Mord signifikant delays. The projected three month delay is deemed insignificant in the light of the accrued delays so far. We thanks you for your continued support and we know that you lobe to stay with the project, because we strive to delivere. a world Class smartwatch regardless of the insignificant delays of only a year of two. @Creator, can we have an update? Argue @Brent They say never argus with idiots. First they drag you down to their level, then they beat you with experience. I forget about that too often... This user's account has been deleted. <url>"additional benefits". The only one getting them would be Karsten's ambulance-chaser. @Roma I would not ask others, not involved in the issue, for any support and positively not in a Crowdfunding way. If my lawyer gives me the go for a case, I might consider asking a few members here privately. And in terms of my relationship to this FUBAR project: @Creators unwillingness to communicate has turned me more and more towards legal action. Not because of Schadenfreude, but because I do not like to be mistreated. @Roma As long as @Creator PROVES me wrong, I am going to assume the worst possible outcome. So far, the @Creator has proven me right every time. So, the creator has to deliver. We delivered our part - our money and our patience - and @Creator has not delivered anything substantial so far. Or would you consider the Video of the prototype package changing display content while in proximity of a QI charger as someting substantial? This project needs readjustment of the targets and milestones. We are losing time on things - like fancy schmanzy Software - that can be dealt with after the HW has been produced. Of course if the HW is already finalized. But wait, we do not even have seen a pre-production prototype assembly yet. So I assume this is also not yet done. Or, in other words, we are still in the first month of the project timeframe the @Creator publisher a year ago. Or, in other words, this project has stalled directly after take-off. @Karsten, like spaztastic says. They do ceramics by IM also. Seems to make sense for 6,000 watchcases. I have an idea! Why not crowdfund your legal action? I'm sure Indiegogo would love having a dig at their Kickstarter competition. Call it "ShareTheSchaden : Virtual Pitchforks". I'd chuck in $1 to have the right to comment - bag the whole process and enjoy seeing it fail. No ... wait ... on IGG the creator can delete any comments. Would you promise not to delete my comments? In the interests of shared schadenfreude? If you want to see a much clearer case, have another look at KS Asylum by Altius. Then note the clear air between the two projects. Or the piece of O'junk you backed which broke so many promises they're going to put them out in a boxed set of CDs. For those of you who think Kairos is a good idea, maybe you want one of these to go with it?<url>"World's smartest watch". Why did I back Agent? Simple bc I thought the creator had his **** together and was a better person given the high amount of communication in the beginning, boy was I wrong on that one. Oh and you asked why I dropped the asterisks? Simple bc I feel you are intelligent enough to comprehend what I'm saying when I call this creator, his company and this bs watch a total piece of ****ing garbage. Or calling the creator an extorting piece of human ****. I know you can comprehend that. @Brent, I noticed you'd returned here. You're warming up quickly. When do you drop the asterisks? If Agent looks so bad, why did you back it? The only thing the Kairos campaign has done so far that's better than Agent at laucnch is produce better renders. They are truly wonderful images. The only little challenge is going to be delivering the physical thing. Did you know that they are charging credit cards immediately on pre-order? If you think Kickstarter needs better backer protection (and I agree), wait and see how hard it's going to be dealing with Kairos if things don't go well. Good luck with your $500-$1200. @Roma - Given that this Agent watch and the Kairos have images to go off of, I find it fitting that these two watches are currently in the same general vicinity in terms of production but as of now I give the edge to the kairos watch due to all the delays of Agent, the lack of communication from Agent, the constant vague misdirection and deflection from the creator Chris (who I personally feel is a lying sack of ****). Just from what I've see. The Kairos watch looks like a premium watch and Agent looks like a watch a kid would get after dumping a quarter in a gumball machine at a grocery store. I like the features and functionality presented in the Kairos watch and compared to the Agent watch looks like another contender that will thrash the Agent. Now that's speculation bc obv the Kairos watch isn't released yet but neither is the Agent so that's also speculation (but given the bs creator's cowardly communication, the Kairos seems like the safer bet). Plus I feel that Chris has been a prime example of why there needs to be more backer protection on KS and I'll gladly toss in $$$ on a lawsuit if it means watching this company go down in flames. It's obvious that Chris and his puny little company broke off way more than they could chew and in the end extorted the public for money and now cowers away on his other forums and companies and only surfaces when we are deemed worth of this self centered ****hole's time. Ironically though there will be so many ppl that are going to ditch this Timex Agent watch that those who are dumb enough to hold onto them actually will have a pretty limited edition watch. That's the only thing that I can see the Kairos lacks but that's only because it's a better quality watch. @Karsten, I see you've backed down from your claim about implied watchcase materials and you're now resorting to pure speculation. As for your preparedness to lawyer-up and pay big bucks, it just shows how much you value schadenfreude. Either that or you're full of the proverbial. @Ben, I agree HoH freely chose to become involved. However I don't agree that they are morally 50% at fault and I think it's going way too far to leave a bad review on their website for something over which you and I know is in Chris Walker's domain. But I do think it's reasonable to use HoH to put pressure on Chris and I have just sent Lawrence Leyderman an email to that effect. Their email address (as posted on Google+) is <email> and it would be good if you and others did the same. @Roma, I must say that I completely disagree with your statement. HoH put their name behind this project from the start, no one asked them to, people would have still invested in the project if they had not been mentioned. When you put your name and reputation behind something, you are held responsible, even some times accountable. The initiation video mentioned HoH's reputation, in doing so they have become somewhat of a cosigner on this project. @Romamyou may remember that I was one of those, who said that calling for refunds will put this project at risk. Because I have paid via debit card, I can not reclaim via Visa vor Mastercard and it it falls, I will lose my stake. But it Chris is not a) increasing bis update frequency significantly and b) provides US with answers to our questions and c) is not providing us with a project statement and future milestones, I myself have no problems at all to write down my starke in this, call for pitchforks, gar and feathers and hand over another 5 vor 10k for a case in a NY court. And I might not be the only one. I already have a lawyer looking through all of Chris' communications here and in the other forums and FB to check the feasibility of a case against SL and HoH. @Roma then let me phrase itndifferengly: the whole discussion about the different Materials, parasitic draw etc was another diversion. Itnwas possibly clear from the beginning that Agent will be made of plastic, but because of the "premium appeal" it was to be hidden from backers unless it was too Lage to change their minds. Plastic is not - by ans means - beautiful. Ceramic is. Metall is. Plastic is cheap. Feels cheap. Looks cheap. <url>"The watches in the video are the latest prototype watches, with cases precision-milled out of aluminum and powder coated black. We are evaluating several premium case materials for production watches and will select the final material based on beauty and wireless performance." Where does that imply the production watchcases would be steel or aluminium? @Roma Pre-production samples were made from powder coated aluminum. Read it up.... @Karsten, Chris implied nothing about watch case materials except they would be premium. @Dean, it is very clear that the project is being driven by Chris from SL, not HoH. Do you think it's fair to publicly slam HoH? @Brent @Richard, what on earth makes you think that a Kairos pre-order is a good idea? Even Kickstarter banned renders. 6 comments from Chis today in the net duo forum <url>"molds" for the watchcase, which implies that we will receive a watch made out of very stylish, radiation transparent, lightweight and recycleable .... PLASTIC. Just like the two-dollar Casio-style LCD watches that you get as a free gift when you buy chewing gum. Yeah, this REALLY is a quality project from start to the still not foreseeable finish. Frankly, I expected CNC machined aluminum or steel for a smart watch that is of high a quality as the @Creator implied, but, hey, at least it's black. This user's account has been deleted. @deanparkes That seems to be the best reaction by fooled backers, to post comments on public review pages. I guess, that's also what Chris meant, as he said the kickstarter page is not working well for frequent updates. Google review might work better. HoH's facebook seems also to be a good place for this discussion, to provide max transparency to others. thanks for the idea, dean. I've posted this here before, but it's worth a listen or re-listen to see how much Chris Walker talked up their project shortly after funding, saying they were different from other Kickstarter projects, etc. <url>#q=house+of+horology @voiceofid spare your ebergy. Nobody than other angry/frustrated backers will read your well fresented arguments. HoH and SL will definitively not. HoH and SL only want your best: your cash. That, they already have. I am sure, HoH and SL will bring this project to fruitition - sometime in 2015 or 2016 when the components will be readily available in Shenzen and the whole assembly will be worth $5.99 or less. My most optimistic forecast for Agent is late December 2014, so we will miss the opportunity to auction off the Agent as a possible Christmas present that would appeal to a few retro-geeks. My worst estimate - based on the timescale of the development so far - is another 36 months. As I have already written off the money paid here - paid via debit card - all I hope is to get the maximum amount of amusement out of this totally FUBAR project. Unfortunately it seems that the other major FUBAR - the Omate Smart Watch - might actually come to fruitition a few days before they annouce Omate 2.0. I would have loved to read the shitstorm that would have come over Omate if they would not have fulfilled all backer rewards before they annouce the "next gen" Omate... But here, I am very convinced that that will not happen as there will not be an "Agent 2.0" and the future of "Agent 1.0" is ... erm ... unsure. This user's account has been deleted. Please Refund me by questions contact me I was going to order the Kairos but the fine print stopped me- "* Please note, the photos and video are intended for visualization purposes only. Actual production model may vary in size and design details. The transparent display is 40% to 60% transparent depending on the type of display you choose (TOLED Dot Matrix vs. TOLED ICON). In contrast, the video shows a 100% transparent state during off mode. This was done to show the design of the watch. Actual photos are available below at Prototype to Production section of the website. Thank you for your understanding in this matter." So basically it won't look anything like the pics, the glass will look clouded and not clear like it is shown. As a backer who leaves most of this business to sort itself out and ignored all the updates, it was some what heartbreaking to come on this page and see all the upset backers with no real answers from the creators of the watch. At the onset of the launch, you showed us videos and prototypes of the watch and gave a delivery date of December, 6 months after you were going to start ordering parts and assembly. That sounded reasonable, manufacturing, building, testing etc... We broke into January, I thought nothing of it, I've backed several Kickstarter projects and most have unforeseen delays, after all that's part of business. I logged in today to find NOTHING has been ordered, the watch hasn't been assembled, and you are still tinkering with software? I didn't back this project to fund your R&D, that was already done going by the prototype you showed me on the video. I funded this to help you scale your production - instead of making these piece by piece, you can have a factory produce them With Android Wear on the horizon (LG G Watch, Moto 360), Apple's rumored watch, Tizen update to the original Galaxy Gear, even the Pebble is at the edge of irrelevancy... Meanwhile, your watch expects to launch and able to compete these titans in the wearable field without the time and exclusivity advantage Pebble had. On top of that, based on many comments read here - a dead end platform that YOU are having to spend extra work to modify to fit... based on the data I have in front of me, I don't think this product will succeed in the market place. Couple things you could still do with that $1mil 1. drop the platform and change the watch around to use someone else's OS and develop your features as apps for that platform (because at this point, most of these new OS can do what you originally advertised to me on your pitch video) and upgrade your hardware accordingly to meet the requirements of the new platform 2. tell us you already burned up all our money so I can stop checking on this thing and expect it to become a reality 3. give us a refund because it's past my refund claim period with Amazon (it's been almost a year) I wear a watch to get relevant data, not to collect unique one of a kind watches, and at this point, the only people who care for this watch to become fruition is watch collectors and people who are fascinated with the tech, which I belong to either. Thanks for your time @Richard - thanks for the heads up! Going to preorder this watch today! It'll be interesting to see what watch releases first. Seriously though after seeing the watch on the website I'm going to start my chargeback proceedings w this bs company and this bs creator. The agent watch looks like something cheap and childish compared to the Kairos and the Kairos will be more exclusive hands down. This watch is a joke, the company is a joke, and the creator is a joke. Agent is crap, the tag line "World's smartest watch" is a flat out lie, and I've seen better looking watches at Walmart for under $30. Kairos here I come. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Secret labs living up to his name The watch does not exist. The watch does not exist. The watch does not exist. All that we've ben shown so far is a very thick assembly of a QI-coil, a battery, a PCB and a display. The display changed as soon as the assembly was put on a QI charging device. Apart from the complication of a coil/battery/PCP stack (which would make changing of the battery a very complicated process) and the apparent thickness of the asembly (which would make a *very* ugly "watch", there is nothing, nada, niente, nichts. With every millisecond passing and the @Creator posting in his Netduino Forum, but avoiding contact and communication HERE, the stench of rotten fish becomes more and more apparent. Yeah..looking pretty suspect , I would like to see some kind of physical evidence that the watch even exists. My take ... There is not more communication from @creator bc there is nothing to talk about. No watch, no prototype, no backlight, no nothing. Only 1 million $ sitting in Chris' bank account. @Tomas, I counted 40 posts from Chris on the netduino forums since he last posted anything here (2 May). I tried to post something on the netduino forums about 8 hours ago to reach out to Chris. That post is in limbo because I have not previously posted there so it's subject to mod's approval. Presumably that's Chris himself. I don't agree with everyone being so angry regarding the late schedule, for me that is totally fine. I didn't buy a product, I supported a project and projects can be late or even totally fail. I do realize that since the got 900% more than they asked they should have been able to finish the project at least with a better end result than if they got only $100k. With that said, I do agree 100% with the missing communication. I hadn't thought about it before but when I saw that link to the forum of netduino in an earlier post it provoked me. In the netuino Chris manage to answer multiple times a day but here we doesn't here a thing. So maybe we should bring the discussion to Chris instead wanting Chris to come to us? We might get answer more quickly in the netduino forum then here, or at least he might realize that he should be more visible in this forum as well. Here is the link again to the netduino forum where you can see Chris' activity: <url>"watch" the "world's smartest watch" run out of time. LMAO World's SMARTEST watch huh? Lol funny. Losing faith in the tech projects in Kickstarter. AGENT is one of them. Kickstarter should reinforce the policy of owner accountability. Sheesh. These are the simple facts as I see them without a whole heck of a lot of thought. -- 1. Initial goal of $100,000 to be able to finish a product and reward backers. 2. Total of $1,000,000 was pledged, 10 times the amount needed to finish a product and reward backers. The conclusion that I made is that this was a product never meant to succeed. I know it is not unusual for a project to run into issues. But if throwing an additional $900,000 at a project originally financed for $100,000 won't get me a good production ready prototype, then this was a project never meant to succeed. Do they care so little about us backers, that they do not simply address the issues with a clear definitive answer. This is not my year for tech projects. I also backed Sound Band.... Almost the same issue. @IOso, sorry about that. He's been asked, cajoled, threatened, abused and accused and nothing's improved. Thought I'd try a bit of fantasy and irony. I see you're close by to House of Horology. Have you called in to see Lawrence to find out what he thinks? @Roma GODDAMNIT! I read only the first line of your latest post and immediately went looking in the Updates section for an inexistent Update 20 wondering why I hadn't received an e-mail notification... Not cool! (A valid point nonetheless). @Creator, thanks for Update 20. Lots of news there. Great to see the backlight molds are all done and the watchcase materials will be decided in the next week or so. Also good to see you eat humble pie and acknowledge how unsatisfactory your communication has been. So you'll now post EVERYTHING about the physical watch on the KS Updates page? Put something meaningful (if brief) on there at least once a week? Great idea - should have thought of it myself. Yeah, I agree that your KS backers' trust in you should be reciprocated and your new ideas will help a lot. Maybe open up a bit more and tell us about those teams you talk about? Or if it's really just you, how the hell are you doing it? Finally, you've now confirmed your commitment to shipping at least half the watches this September! Hooray!! Thanks so much for all the news. Cheers, Roma. ... then I woke up. This is 3 years old - but it's interesting to see that the lack of contact information, information about these "teams", etc isn't new. <url>"backlight team" or "watch case team", he's actually referring to vendors. When the "team" recommends taking 2 weeks to make a CNC sample, well of course a vendor will want you to buy more services from them, etc. Is it possible that Chris is trying to do this whole thing himself? It sure seems that way based on what we've seen. Funny how it's radio silence here but Chris has no problems responding to people concerning his other business. I don't doubt that the watch is still being worked on but the radio silence is beyond ridiculous. <url>And while Kickstarter has a mechanism for large updates that are auto-emailed out to all backers, there's not a good way to post smaller more regular updates for backers that want more insights into the process. So we've created these new tools as supplements. Backers can continue posting polite questions about the project here as part of the community, and we and other backers will try to answer those questions or point them to existing answers. And for backers looking for a answer to a question, the forums also provide a quick and easy way for them to get answers to questions that have already been asked. So because its hard to post updates on Kickstarter, lest the auto-email feature automatically emails all the backers and keeps them informed (thats a horrible idea) and really hard to post updates on Facebook where he previously said they would do small updates (because Facebook is really really confusing) they had to create NEW TOOLS, i.e. a forum (nobody knows about) where they could do small frequent updates!!!! Brilliant! Ok fine, Ill bite. Maybe this time Chris really really really really means what he says!?!?!? Sure enough, he hasnt posted once since that post, thats two weeks of nothing, using his super secret special frequent update special forum tool he had to create to make up for the short comings of Kickstarter, Facebook, Twitter and continues to ignore all the questions asked there. Have lost absolutely all faith in Chris Walker. He just says whatever he thinks people want to hear. Has anyone stopped by HoH in NY to ask the staff there about the project? I give up as lost my money, but of course they lose my confidence to future projects: ( I do not know if @Creator did post here and I can not see anything in the so-called "Updates", but do we actually know, where we are in terms of the state of the project? Did we receive an updated schedule or a GANNT chart? If I look at the original schedule: May-June 2013: Kickstarter campaign June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode October 2013 - FCC, CE, and Qi certification November 2013 - parts arrive, pilot production begins December 2013 - volume production begins we have barely left (did we really??) the June-September 2013 milestone. Or did we? So far it seems we haven't. So, looking at where we are now and where we should have been... ...can someone from HoH or SL please update us and provide us with a revised schedule? Because if I extrapolate a "Kickstarter month" into "real world months", it's more like a month in Kickstarter terms is like 9 months in reality. Since we are possibly at the August 2013 milestone (if at all), we would have to expect 4*9 - 36 more interesting months of unadultered humor in this forum until we receive our long waited for "World's Smartest Watches". Which, by then, possibly will be the world's most advanced paperweights. This user's account has been deleted. A bit of light relief - with an edge! <url>"well advanced" and it should be a "no quibble" case. In a subsequent comment he said his card company had never knocked him back before. On 10 April he said he'd let us know how this one went. No further word from him. @David - good luck! Let us know of your end result! Over the next week, we will be working daily with both the backlight and watch case team to make sure that all engineers are satisfied with the precision and fit of the final backlight and watch case components. We will be ordering CNC-milled samples of the watch cases, double-checking the fit and beta-testing the assembly process. And then we will be ordering molds so we can make actual sample watch cases in preparation for production. Was any of this done in the last two weeks? Finally got some progress - after going through amazon payments and my CC company. I'll post more as I get more!! @Roma - they've encouraged use of the forums, yet rarely post there - the last post I can see from Chris is 1st May. Your perfectly reasonable and clear question about iPhone functionality remains unanswered. There's not even a "good question, we'll get back to you". Their communication is getting worse and, worryingly, they are avoiding pretty simple questions. @Robert - good luck with your chargeback. If it goes through I would recommend all who want a refund to start procedures w a chargeback. 45 Days from now there's very little to no hope that the cases will even be ready so I think that misrepresentation on behalf of the company would prove sufficient grounds to start proceedings. Good luck and let us know how you fair. @Ken We do have a little more info on progress. See the agent forums at <url>"Look over here", example, back in January they were talking about Bluetooth and Qi certifications (cut and pasted from their update) Over the next few weeks, we will be working with our supplier to finalize the backlights. Once the backlights are in hand and meet specification, it takes an estimated 30 days to finalize the watch case and build samplesand then roughly 30 days for Qi and FCC/IC/CE certification. Once we have passed those tests, we can push the smartwatch into production. Next update they provided in February, does not have a single update from the certifcation process. It only goes on to talk about how they need to redesign the battery for backlight issues, etc. Another classic redirection. If any of you have ever managed anyone in tech, you will understand the pattern of redirection. In March, we get this schedule: Estimated timeline (approximate): April 15 2014 - order backlight molds May 15 2014 - backlight molds complete; order production backlight samples June 16 2014 - receive and test backlight samples; make final tweaks to watch case July 2014 - assemble final production samples; full system testing August 2014 - regulatory clearance; begin production and fulfillment of smartwatch rewards Have we gotten an update on how any of those dates that THEY supplied are progressing? Then the last update, another sad redirection. Lets talk more backlight and battery issues....oh and throw in another distraction the SDK for a non existent platform. I know everyone has their opinion and everyone will look at it differently. But as those of us who have experience in what it takes to deliver products start to come forward, you can't ignore that there are definitely some major concerns here. Regardless if I was a backer, interested fan, or casually tracking this kickstarter you can't ignore that their communication or any "real" proof of progress is sorely lacking. @Adam - yes I am going to preorder. Why? I think the watch looks better than Agent which, from the CAD pictures that were shown, reminds me of a throwback Casio watch I could get out of a vending machine. I think the case looks very high end and if you are looking for exclusivity I think this tops Agent as well. I like the blend of having a real watch with a smart watch function. The watch claims it'll be out by December but I remember another promise of another watch being out in December too, so who knows right? If the watch isn't compatible with iPhones no big deal, eBay is always an option. There's more reasons but I don't want to bore you. @Brent - you'll have to forgive me possibly implied sarcastic question here, and also I could also be misreading your recent comment but... after everything you've said here, you're actually going to jump on the pre-order? I politely ask why assuming you are serious and I haven't misread your comment. A mechanical movement in a smart watch is not a good idea. However analog hands controlled by the digital processor would be awesome. It would make telling time easier but could also be used as a compass, barrometer, sound level meter, signal strength, speedometer, stopwatch etc. Plus it would always show the correct time. Even the finest COSC Swiss watch is barely as accurate as a Kmart quartz, and neither is anywhere near as accurate as a cell phone. I'm definitely up for one of those Watches. The screen looks really good against the background. On their website you can get access to a promotional video about the watch if you wanna see it in action! It's December launch could be around the time Apple release their iWatch! I guess it's just a question of 'time!!' Wow that looks impressive and classy. Yup time to pre order now. Thanks for sharing this! @Christopher See this for more info. <url>"remarkably". What has me wrinkling my brow a bit is that there was a lot of talk about how they were verifying case materials back in  was it January?  but very little seems to have happened on that particular score since. Now, I can see there being half a dozen perfectly valid reasons for that  other tasks may very well have taken priority and absorbed all the available engineering hours. IRL, this happens all the time, even in vastly bigger organisations. But I do wish they had kept us abreast of what they were trying to do, what happened, what went wrong, what had to be reprioritised, and so on, as and when. Then we wouldn't need to speculate. Nature abhors a vacuum. In an absence of factual information Well. As for testing, unless the case is a very odd design indeed (which from the CAD drawings, it doesn't seem to be), you wouldn't need every last detail in place in the case design to make useful tests for Bluetooth and charging. The case torus's parasitic draw on the induction current would be pretty much the same whether the mechanics at the bezel side were adapted for the back light or the front light. But the EM characteristics of the display unit might well change a bit, depending on the front/back light, altering the properties of the watch as a whole. Assume for instance that the back light has a metallised reflecting surface at the back, and the front light solution did not. That might necessitate redesign and re-testing of the case for both Bluetooth and charging to compensate What I'm trying to say is, it's not all that simple. I just wish we didn't have to speculate. If there isn't an answer yet, a non-answer is the only accurate response :) Do we have anyone in the board who is familiar with this kind of manufacturing? From a software/product development perspective, I haven't seen anything strange. To me (speculation alert!) , it seems like they need the watch case to test materials, and the case had to change because of vendor issues with the backlights. They can't finalize the case until all the components were ready. As we saw with the iPhone 4, small changes can have large effects on testing. @Roma you are pointing to a non-answer. Fact is, that HoH and SL still do not have a cluue about case material. But even though they do not have a clue, they know that they will have to strengthen some parts due to the backlight fuckup. To me, this sounds mighty strange.... And - again - case material is crucial. They have neither tested QI nor Bluetooth with the watch inside a case. As we all kow, even Apple failed with the iPhone 4 in terms of case materials and component positioning. And Apple will have more and better engineers and a better QC process than this fly-by-night operation. Not sure why people here ask fellow backers what the watchcase materials will be. Even stranger is someone asking the same question of fellow backers repeatedly here and in the Update comments. Unless someone one day is going to count them all up and say "this question has been asked 128 times and no answer! WTF!!!" Maybe they should ask the creator. Just a thought. Anyway, in the spirit of helpfulness, I'm posting a link to the relevant topic on the agent forums <url>"What material is the watch case made from?" And also how would you say I should ask the previous questions such as "Do you Roma, have any firsthand involvement in the production of Agent?" attribution: <url>"i heard you're ideas and their definately good." @Roma - that's uncalled for. "Be respectful and considerate" Rick Wicker - mistake Roma - misdemeanour Brent Roberts - misogyny :) It's unfortunate someone (Roma) has to point out what I would view as obvious about the scam of the other one. I would, can, and only hope - others genuinely see the difference here. Especially with an already established company who...and i'm waiting for the next hater to say it "oh well they aren't gonna be much more of a company after this blah blah blah." Hey in other news. Whose actually doing programming in the SDK? Are you spending more time complaining in the forums or creating something? No sarcasm/negativity implied here - I am genuinely curious. @Richard, yes Aaron Bosch found that a few days ago. As I said then, I hope it leads to Kickstarter taking some responsibility for, and tightening up on, protection for backers. I also said in case some people here want to leap on to the law suit bandwagon on the back of that project, some differentiating aspects were: 1. A simple set of playing cards (not that hard to make) 2. No rewards delivered 16 months since the estimated date 3. Nothing at all heard from the creator since July 2013 4. The designer (creator's 50% partner) received no money for his work and publicly blew the whistle. It'd certainly appear that way. This user's account has been deleted. @Ken Rogers, I'd love one of them please. Want to run a Kickstarter project? @Adam - "I'm pretty sure before you post a comment there is a link next to the button "Post comment" that says "Be respectful and considerate." Then almost all of us including Roma, Rick Wicker, and myself are guilty of not seeing that link. I'm pretty sure before you post a comment there is a link next to the button "Post comment" that says "Be respectful and considerate." The case will be made of the highest grade of antimagneic, radiation permissible, stainlass Unobtanium, methinks. @Roma - Actually my next review is on a new Samsung tv. I'll let you know how it goes bc I'm sure you really care then you can argue with me bc you may not share my point of view. :) @Roma - what material is the watch case made of? @Roma - awe cry much? @Rick Wicker - Sure, Brent calls people here worthless; sure, he accuses Creator of being a disgrace and a fraud; sure, he has posted comments on another KS project demeaning a woman's appearance, weight, genitalia and sexual habits in vile terms; sure, he says he has naked pictures of your mother. But that's all free speech and fair game isn't it? Does that give you the right to call him out on it? Nope, no way Jose. Anyway, apparently he has some deadlines to meet reviewing more Xbox games. Leave him be. @Creator, have you thought about cloning some of Brent's skin for the watchcase material? Seems thick enough. @Rick Wicker - answer this: What material is the case made of? @Rick Wicker - I wondered how long it was going to be before you jumped back on your soapbox in a valiant attempt to try and raise the spirits of those who feel that this project is worth it by once again deflecting and trying to shift the entire focus onto a character attack rather than providing any worthwhile information to help quash this negative hate train you feel is so unjustified. Then I remembered you have no useful information to provide so just like some of your proud "Agent is the best thing ever" supporters you feel threatened by those asking direct questions that are pertinent for the backer community so you resort immediately to character attacks which shows me two things: 1) you know nothing of the product development and 2) you're not worth the time or effort. If #1 was incorrect than prove me wrong. Go ahead. Next time why not try to provide some worthwhile information about this product or maybe some informative answers to questions that have been asked so that you can actually show to the ks backer community that you actually are worth ppl's time instead of just character attacks and smartass, condescending comments bc you feel hurt that someone else has a different point of view than yours? If you can't provide answers then why even bother to comment? All I'm asking is very straight forward questions and being attacked for it. I could care less about that bc once this product ever comes out I won't be the only one thinking it's a worthless pile of crap, so you keep flying that "Agent is the greatest watch ever and I'll verbally attack any haters" flag high in the sky and in the meantime I'll focus on trying to get answers from someone worthwhile who can shed some light on this vaporware project. What are you going to do when negative reviews come out for Agent hmmmm? Are you going to stomp your feet like an infant and verbally go after every outlet that has a different opinion if yours? Your opinion isn't law and like I told your BFF Roma, people will not always share your point of view and will sometimes disagree with you in life, get over yourself and deal with it. Deflection and infantile sarcasm awweeeee so sad. You and Roma are made for each other :). Hypocrites? You mean like claiming to wanting an Agent so I can stand out in a crowd and feel unique while I'm using an iPhone and realize that I'm just like everyone else? Lol gotcha. Based on some comments here, this watch should better be called "NINJA" cause we will never see it. Disclaimer: The above comment is meant 100% ironical so don't get it wrong "Agent" "Smartwatch". LOL. @creator. Has the leather strap design been finalized? Since I've had a 3D printer for a year and learned a bit about the maker movement, I'll be making this (<url>"1". Go to my next comment down and say "2". Do that five more times, incrementing the count by one each time, until you get to say "7". Read that comment. Voila! @Adam - Hope they consider it for you. How long ago did you send the PM? @Roma - I did send a PM offering my willingness to sign an NDA and do anything I could to help the project for $0/no compensation. Haven't received a response yet so per usual, just spending nights in the SDK. @Roma - let the record show your failure to answer even the most basic of questions. Or do the questions need to be simplified? If so, here you go: 1). How are you involved with Agent outside your ks pledge? I thought to keep things simple Pete since you fail to even prove your worth in answering questions. If you feel up to answering more I'll be glad to ask, but if you are just going to deflect and dodge mate there's no reason technically to ask you anything and any pertinent information you do possess will ultimately become very irrelevant thus your worth will end. I personally feel that you would rather not answer anything and yet in doing this facade try to prove to others that you're more important than you really are. I could be wrong but someone who can't even give straight answers to straight questions is either hiding something (in which case I am right) or is falsifying their worth to appear to be greater than they are. I'd ask for your help clarifying the situation however for something that complex I don't foresee any worthwhile use out of you. Sorry mate. All it took was a simple answer instead of a vague flippant comment under the pitiful guise of an attempt at a sarcastic, condescending tone. Cheers Pete 1. Not guilty, your Honour. 2. Invitation declined. Let the record so show. @Roma - 1). If you say that my comment of you not having first hand involvement is conspiracy theory, then what proof can you make to prove that it's incorrect? If you do though first hand involvement with the Agent, what is it? This is a direct question, with a very simple answer. Passing something off as conspiracy without evidence to prove contrary seems like an admission of guilt and an attempt to smear and deflect. Prove me wrong Pete? 2). You can take it? Doubtful given what your past actions have shown. I understand that you may feel you have a moral or other obligation to defend something you passionately believe very strongly in, but in line of such direct questions, direct answers need to be provided (it doesn't matter if you like the questions or not, what matters is if it's valid or not, and they most certainly are.). I'm sure you would like to know what was said about why to deny any coverage of this, but you know Pete that nothing comes for free. Your creator said 5 days ago: "I am not going to throw people under the bus." So why then should I? ;) Brent Roberts: 1. "... I don't care about backers such as Roma, who has no direct first hand accountability for this product, and if he did he's just as accountable." Another conspiracy theory! 2. "My boss originally did not want to cover this watch for a number of reasons and each one would hurt the feelings of those die hard agent supporters so I'll leave it at that." Those reasons would be good to know. We can take it. @Dino - yes I do review products and what you said is true about tech companies providing review material but it's a bit more than that. Along the way a company will invite press to an event sponsored by the company. It is here that press outlets go "hands on" w the unfinished product and provide both written word and video (when applicable) to the public to help spread the word. Then closer to release date we normally get a final product to review and then we publish our review to the public. When I do my reviews my lvl of professionalism is based off asking direct questions that gain the public direct answers. I can get a sense of how things are going by the answers provided and the forthcoming ability to even be as direct w the information in the answers. I'm not looking for a political run around, I'm looking for direct answers to direct questions and when public funding is involved, well, that aspect is def fair game for questions. I don't concern myself w the quips of the supporters who have no first party information. Normally it's the case, if you ask direct questions that even cast a shadow of doubt you get shunned and attacked by those who feel you wronged them. This is common yet still pointless. Not to sound conceited but I don't care about backers such as Roma, who has no direct first hand accountability for this product, and if he did he's just as accountable. I focus on those that can provide the answers to the direct questions. My goal is answers and showcasing the character based off of how they handle direct questions. My boss originally did not want to cover this watch for a number of reasons and each one would hurt the feelings of those die hard agent supporters so I'll leave it at that. I though did bc I saw this as an underdog story. A small company stepping into the ring against the heavy hitters to try and compete. Going into this I considered Agent to be like a Rocky movie, however based off how the creator has handled communication it really leaves me with no other alternative. Pom Pom cheerleaders for this product don't make the product, the creator's company does and therefore it is the creator that is the only source of important and pertinent information. And bottom line there are direct questions that aren't answered by the creator and the way this product has been handled I'm starting to side w my boss and come Monday I will retract my request to cover this product and instead shift my focus to a competent creator and more competent products and companies. OK, so that's two conspiracy theories denied and one preempted. Was supposed to say and they're still around. You'd think with all the money ks gets they could put in an edit function. @Karsten sorry to burst your bubble but I have no idea what you did or did not post on a Pebble forum. I was a participate until I was banned by a zealot moderator for calling Pebble out on their bs. But my point was the naysaying posted here was posted there as well as they're still around. I've only been a supporter of Agent as far as the delays due to issues with vendors etc. I pointed out in the comments from the last update I thought their delay for CNC to mold was a little much at this point. I have no comment on ee/Bluetooth. That isn't my field. I'm on the fence with this one as of now. @Daniel Chang @Adam Dzak - did Creator respond to your offers to help with communication? If not, did you PM him? Thanks. Im still pumped for the watch and im not getting any sexual favors for saying that. "Thank you for your patience as we move forward on this project together. We really appreciate your support." - Just read this sentence again and getting tired of it. Also getting tired of all the complaining and useless discussions. Is there anybody here that, like me, just accepts things as they are and that there's nothing we can do about the progress of this campaign. This will be my final comment, I will stop reading the upcoming (useless) comments and discussions between the same people and wait until my watch arrives whenever. I wish you all the best. @Roma I see. Chickening out. Just like @Creator.... @Brent - haven't you said you're a tester of tech? If so, I presume for a website or your own YouTube channel etc. I would guess if that's the case, you rely on tech companies providing you with early samples of products for you to test? I'm sure you could just buy one, but most reviews will be read before a product is widely available. In which case, your comments on here are strange and I think you should have a read back through them and see if they meet the professional standards you set yourself. Personally, if I were a tech creator, I wouldn't be sending you early samples of anything based on what you've said on here - personal attacks on the creator and other posters, some of which are close to libelous. Many of the technical questions you've asked are reasonable and all backers deserve answers but the way you've packaged them, I now just skip past your posts. Looks like I won't be applying then awe shucks. Wanna make yourself feel better and verbally go after me Roma??? You know you want to ;) right mate? Awe and I was going to have so much hypocritical fun too. Dang it I never get to have fun. ;) @Karsten Topp, conspiracy theorists need not apply. @Roma then you might even have the option to buy a fifth - but I would prefer to get my money now - because I do not believe that this KS project will come to terms within this year. Given the fact that a QI coil design (and shape!) was implemented without knowing the external shape of the watch and the material - which btw is the completely wrong order of things to do... and given the fact that we MAY have a theoretical QI functionality (no idea about parasitic loss!), but we do NOT have any BT functionality tested in conjunction with the QI AND the case yet ... and we all remember well the "you are holding it wrong!" fuckup that happened to Apple... and this will not be the only obstacle on the way... I could see possible problems with the "replaceable" battery ... Well, enough said... if you want mine, you can have it. Face value. This forum makes me wonder why some "participants" spend time and energy coming up with conspiracy theories and take every chance they can get to scrutinize the project and its supporters, lol. @Karsten Topp, you've flushed me out! I, for one, am indeed getting "additional benefits". In fact four more Agents than I pledged for. You see, I bought them from other backers :) Just sharing why I think Agent will be relevant and viable even with the extended delay in fulfillment. For me, my smartphone will have more than enough power and functionality than I'll ever use. I know I haven't done nearly enough with it to use it to it's fullest extent. Most times it will stay with me, usually in my pocket. I am hoping Agent will tell me in a subtle way when I get calls, emails, texts and notifications and then help me deal with them. My aim is to take my smartphone out of my pocket only when I have to. Many incoming calls, emails etc do not require my instant attention. I don't want to talk to or listen to my watch. I don't want to take pictures with it. And I don't need a colour display for it to do what I want to do with it. I guess iWatch and other smartphone OS proprietary watches will come out within the next year. I have an iPhone now and may or may not stick with Apple for my next smartphone. With support for WP and Android, and assuming a similar level of functionality, Agent will give me the freedom to change smartphone brands and not have to change my watch. Agent promises to be battery-replaceable and repairable. If I or a watchmaker can open it up to replace the battery without breaking the watch, that's a plus. More importantly though is I'm fairly sure a smartwatch from a big player will be colour, touchscreen and have other battery-draining features. I expect much longer battery life from Agent and not to have to worry about that aspect so much. Finally, if say Apple produces a watch, there will be millions of people buying and wearing it. To me, a watch is both utilitarian and a fashion statement. Much more the latter than my pocket-housed smartphone. Agent will be seen a lot less often on wrists than a big-brand watch and I'll enjoy having something that stands out from the crowd. @All @Spaztastic Sometimes, this KS forum makes me wonder. Really, like. Wonder about why some participants post here and who they are. I've made some comments on the state of affairs here - and I stand to them - but some ... may I call them "participants" seem to invest a lot of energy into this forum, defending @Creator. Now it is a bit hard for me to understand, why some external participant would defend a project that is so deep in the warm brown soft matter as this project is, but what makes me wonder even more is that some, may I call them "participants" even have the time and energy to look up what I have posted a year ago on the Pebble pre-Order forums. I find that very amazing and even though I find this project FUBAR, I still could not care less about who posted what on which other forum. Now, my motivation to post here and the motivations of other "participants" will differ. But I tend more and more to assume that some "participants" here, which fiendishly support @Creator might not post here because of intrinsic, but because of extrinsic motivation. Or, IOW, they may get "additional benefits" ..... @Jussi - I believe that not everything I said regarding Chris' character is 100% impartial truth. The facts though that I did pose I do believe fall on the Chris' shoulders. 11 months since this project was funded and the watch case isn't made? Do we even know what the case materials are? I feel that these points I've made about the project are valid when the creator can't even answer one simple question. Why has it taken almost 1 year to make the watch case? Or What is the case material? No one here can answer that and instead of getting an answer I get slammed? I will admit I can not speak about Chris' personal character given I've never even met him personally and frustration did get the better of me and for that you have my apologies. But I do feel that I can speak about Chris' mismanagement of this product based off of the lack of information and the simple fact that questions that should have been answered last year, yet they still remain. Lack of information about case materials or even Qi charger comparability remain however that's only the tip of the iceberg. These valid points are deflected constantly and I admit, it's easier to attack me than to come to terms w reality and face the truth of this project. In terms of delays like spaztastic mentioned earlier I do feel that when you go out of house for manufacturing that you position yourself to open yourself up to massive delays because control has been given up. Spaztastic is right and it's not just an Agent problem bc I've even seen this happen with major companies like Microsoft, Sony, Samsung, and Apple however it's how you handle the dissent that either make you a sensational company where customers and clients feel like you care or a company that could care less about you. Handling the good times is easy, but dealing with the hard times determine just what company image you will develop. @Jussi, I don't bother contesting anything Brent says now. It only unleashes another stentorian rant. @Brent  I doubt many here would quibble with any valid points on Agent that you may have made. Even Roma. However, are you willing to concede the possibility that some of the points you have made may not have been entirely up to scratch, validity wise? Of are you 100% convinced that every single statement you have made on Agent is the honest-to-gods impartial Truth? @Brent don't get me wrong, I'm not over here shaking my pom poms. I just have perhaps what one would call a more realistic perspective considering I've been in the engineering field for almost 20 years from startups to mammoth govt programs. So I guess I'm a bit more forgiving than you. That doesn't mean I'm giving Chris a free pass. His communication has been horrid to say the least. I don't think you're going to find anyone here who posts regularly say differently. Even Roma called him out on it. From some of the comments by Chris it sounds like his "teams" are not in house. That in itself adds time to a schedule. I'm chalking up the delays to inexperience and missed vendor promises. @Tim - lol that happened years ago. Thanks for the concern though! :D @Brent. Good to hear you have some other projects on the go. From your activity here I was starting to worry that you were cracking up our something. @spaztastic - without question I agree that this is entertaining and I'm glad to see so cost effective for you too! Bottom line, you are obviously siding w Roma and all the other supporters and that's your choice. You're right I don't have insider information on this project, that is why I've been clamoring so hard to find any from the creator but alas, that's like trying to get blood from a stone. Delays are one thing but what Chris has done is far from just ok. This, like my thoughts too, are my opinion. You don't have to agree w it, like it, etc. but neither you nor the greatest Agent supporter in the world Roma can even contest the points I've made below. Sorry but that's the nature of the beast and if you think that you can only say nice, and supportive things in this world, think again. I don't have to go off and bash someone, I think Agent will do that all in its own so I should just sit back and watch this project go right down the drain and wait till Super Roma decides to get angry w someone who doesn't share his opinion and go off. @Roma - lmao you looooove bringing up what I said in OUYA when you had 0% involvement with it lmao. Ok Pete that's like me claiming to be an Australian expert even though I've never set foot on its soil. Keep dodging and deflecting my valid points on Agent but most importantly keep supporting Agent along its downward spiral ride. I know I'll have fun and I hope you do too! :) *hugs* Even if I never see a watch at least the comments section has been entertaining. And the admission price was cheaper than a Broadway show. @Brent perhaps you would be so kind as to point out where I attacked your character? I was just giving you fair warning. You think you can spout off with impunity but that is not the case. A quick google search will show you how others have spouted off about companies on yelp, blogs, etc only to be hit with a lawsuit. You have zero insider information as far as what Chris has or has not spent on this venture. Of course the film has a cost associated with it. How little or much neither of us know. He asked for advice from people in the field and went with what they recommended. I can not fault him for that. I'm going to put his communication skills right up there with pebble except I don't think there is documented evidence that he has outright lied to us. No the initial estimate is not considered a lie. If you've ever worked with vendors/suppliers you would know they are pretty good at giving pie in the sky estimate deliveries and for custom jobs rarely hit their dates. Frankly it's the cost of doing business with new tech. Chris sounds like a pretty responsible guy and I'm going to guess he mapped out his timeline on production based on what vendors to him with no leeway for schedule slips. Then when the rubber hit the road the sh*t hit the fan. I've worked on projects that initial budgets were in millions to balloon to billion and years overdue. Nothing frankly surprises me. So when I threw my money in I already assumed it would be six months overdue. @spaztastic, I'm glad creator is a male. Otherwise we'd risk a repeat of Brent's crude observations about creator's appearance, weight, genitalia and sexual habits. All there on the Ouya KS page in Brent's comments in August and December 2013. His own comments there speak for themselves without anyone here attacking his character. @Tim - great idea but you are right there are a bunch of things I could do since I have 4 reviews that need to be finished by next tues. And get other things finished before E3 this June. Trolling? Lol hardly. Presenting facts. @spaztastic - you claim character attacks against the creator are over the line but yet the select few attack my character for just posting facts in terms of production or lack of communication? You yourself can't even answer to the facts I've posted and instead you want to jump on the character attacks of me. Let's let the court decide if it comes to that. Until then though, like others, enjoy trying your best to ignore the truth and climb on the character attack against me bandwagon. @Brent I think you're just trolling now. There must be something better you can do with your time. Perhaps you could take a pottery class? @Karsten on pebbles ks comment section and forum your same comments were posted on an almost daily basis. If I'm honest, I would have enjoyed seeing them fail. They outright posted things that weren't true and treated ks/preorders like crap. Yet somehow that cheap piece of plastic and oh now metal is still around. @Brent I'm on a mobile device and frankly to lazy to attempt to quote you so paraphrasing you've called the creator a liar, a thief, fraudulent, and probably a few other things I can't remember. I'm sorry but your conjecture does not constitute fact in a court of law. @Spaztastic Agent has had it's window of opportunity. It was wide open after Pebble proved that SmartWatches are feasible and it will be closing as soon as big brand competition will enter the market. @Karsten  which is the reason why I am not comparing the products the projects have meant to develop, but merely how the projects have managed the trust and money of their backers. And for those giving Tim his kudos for telling me to get a life? Lol I'm quite happy with my life, my career, and everything about it. @spaztastic - the reason I backed this product was because after reviewing product for over the past half decade there's something I've seen from all the big companies and that is a huge amount of failed potential. There are always new products however, with these new products there are always gripes and things that consumers wish were different. I've lost count at how many times I've had a product from a big name company to review and thought "what idiot thought this was a good idea, but also what idiot thought to approve this other idiot's ideas?" Just bc a product may come from a bigger company doesn't always mean that the product will be 100% perfect. So based off of what was initially presented I was hopeful that this product would be the one that delivers on the aspects that the others failed to, and do it in a way that would shock and surprise the world. I didn't go into this product thinking it was going to be a flop, and despite all the "hate" ppl think I have for this product ultimately boils down to frustration at the creator and the product bc what was originally presented offered the ability to be so much more and I don't foresee that anymore. In terms of libel statements that is open to interpretation which is why I back up everything with facts. Look closer at what I've said and you will see that what facts I have presented do exist and are beyond contestation which (I'm guessing) is why detractors to my viewpoints would rather attack me than face reality. These facts also pertain not only to the project but the creator himself which is open to interpretation however is also well validated. In terms of a class action lawsuit there is already a case that is open that will set precedence for future action if need be. The result of that case will also determine whether or not there will be any backer protection or allowable recourse on behalf of the backers moving forward. Am I actively searching for lawyers in New York to go after the creator? No. Do I think though there is a case to be made? Absolutely. @Karsten that is also in the eye of the beholder. If you want to be bleeding edge then KS tech is iffy if best. Would be interesting to see how much KS tech is delivered on time. I know people who still own flip phones! @Tim +1 not the last @Jussi Technology KS projects and arts, firms, books ... are not comparable. Technology has a "window of opportunity" ... which is rapidly closing. @Brent if you were under the assumption this product would compete with the likes of Apple, Samsung, etc before you plunked down your money then that's your problem. I had no delusions of grandeur. Sorry but it's a freaking watch not a 100K Tesla. If you really are a reviewer I would think you'd know something about libel law and the fact is, you have tip-toed and may have even crossed over the line with some of your over the top comments. Freedom of speech doesnt extend to defamatory statements. All of you running around calling for a class action... Good luck with that. Until Kickstarter gets roped in probably not going to see anything come of that. @Daniel Chang - Yes the survey will be a google form. Right now just trying to gather input on which questions to ask. @Roma - awe, sry for raining on your pro agent parade with facts you don't want to hear or come to terms with. Hug it out? Hmmm??? :) In the past 3 days, two foul stenches stand out. Anyone else caught that whiff of an awful whiney and sweaty teenage armpit odor that _____ is emitting with the intensity of a volcanic eruption? And the other almost completely masked by that previous scent is why aren't the case material for the qi charging coil decided on already. For a device that is supposed to be delivered last December, I'm actually quite shocked at how delayed every aspect of this project is. You cannot blame everything on the light film guide! Just because you added thickness to the case doesn't mean you don't have to know what the case material will be made out of when you should have tested all of that before last December. I need to wear a gas mask next time I'm here. BTW, @harley, maybe you should make that into a Google Form. The projects can easily be found through my backer history, if Kickstarter's search utility isn't helpful. If using Search though, be sure to spell the keywords as I have spelled them. @Karsten  normally, I would agree; it makes no sense whatsoever. But our friend Brent, here, sort of made the connection by implying that Agent had sunk as low as was humanly possible. Which makes it relevant to show what it looks like when project creators sink really, REALLY low, for real. But I totally agree, it really makes no sense; Agent has a long, long way to excavate before reaching those depths. Not saying they haven't made a start, though. @Tim +1 more Lol I should start a ks project for a movie: "When good kickstarter projects go bad." To be followed up with: "kickstarter projects gone wild". Interesting..... @Jussi - awe I'm way off? Some of the examples you provided could not be found, some though were starting to take similar form to Agent. Look I'm going to make this very clear. This watch "may" come out this year, it "may" not. I think having a watch case is pretty important and something that, oh I don't know, would have already been taken into consideration and been manufactured. Hmmmmm if I remember correctly, the creator said this which was one of the original reasons that a bulk majority of the backers funded this project: Estimated Timeline May-June 2013: Kickstarter campaign June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode October 2013 - FCC, CE, and Qi certification November 2013 - parts arrive, pilot production begins December 2013 - volume production begins Were parts ordered between June and September to complete the watch case molds? Did they build production circuit boards yet? How about their Bluetooth? Is that finished? Yup looks like they missed October of last year too bc if I recall correctly, nothing has FCC, CE, or Qi certification? Right? Oh November last year the parts were to arrive yes? Did they? Nope. They don't even know what the case will be made out of as of now! Lol December was the golden month where this was supposed to be in production and was it? Absolutely not. Now June 2014 will come and there "may" be CNC molds for the watch case? Ohhhhhh hurray! We "may" see some progress! Here's MY estimated timeline lol: May 2014 - maybe get the backlight finally figured out, and maybe the case too but I don't want to be too presumptuous so let's save that for June. June 2014 - we may have finally determined what this watch is made of! Took a year but we finally know what material will be on your wrist! Hopefully. July 2014 - we may or may not have anything ready for any sort of testing or certification. We may have to spend more time deciding on case designs or other backlight improvements. This may also be the time when we make sure we know just what Qi chargers will work and which ones won't but let's not get ahead of ourselves. August 2014 - by now maybe we have something to become certified? If so miracles do happen then we can start building this watch which may be obsolete within 90 days, but this was fun ride! September 2014 - shipping to all the backers and deliberately holding off shipment just to annoy those who thought over a year delay was a problem. October 2014 - weep uncontrollably as tons of Agent watches flood EBay as better products hit the shelves but now it's time to start the Kickstarter project: (insert drum roll) "Agent 2: Trust us this time" Hug it out mate? Yea? :) or Nay? :( Hmmmmmm...... Surely it does not help comparing against the worst when this project started to compete with the best out there... @Brent  mate, you are just way, way, off base on this: "... this creator has shown just how low and despicable a human being can be ..." sort of implies having reached some kind of rock bottom. Browse around and take a peek at projects like:  ZionEyez  Crypteks  Ringbow  The Last Cause  The Doom That Came to Atlantic City  They Became Flesh ...and a few others. You would see that as far as managing the trust and money of their backers goes, the fellows behind Agent are nowhere near rock bottom. In fact, by comparison with some of the other contenders out there, they have barely touched the topsoil. More realistically, Agent is in a situation much more akin to projects like:  CST-01  PID-Controlled Espresso Machine  Horror on the Orient Express  OpenViszla  Terry Pratchett's Troll Bridge  Tokyo Wonderland  Space Command  Valiant  Star Trek: Renegades ...I could make this list much, much, much longer  and N.B.: none of these projects are less than twice as long delayed as Agent. Some are several years after the original estimate, but still obviously working towards fulfillment. And indeed, every month I get to tick some projects off that list, because I got a trinket or book or disc in my mailbox. It happens extremely rarely that I need to move a project from the latter list into the former. And some of these project owners are even worse at communicating than Agent, believe it or not! So, we are a very far cry indeed from "how low and despicable a human being can be," or other words to similar effect! *Hugs* :) 1 year man. 1 year. @Tim +1 @Tim +1 Want to know about the watch case? Here's a part of what the creator said: "As described in our Kickstarter fundraising campaign, we will be selecting the final material based on beauty and wireless performance. Once we have good data with production samples we can write up some of the results in one of the Kickstarter Updates. We are still too early to make a final call and unfortunately we just had to change the watch case to accommodate the replacement backlight--so it will be a little while before we know for sure." So 11 months after funding is still too early to make a final call on the watch case? Oh my dear lord. A little while? Way to be 100% vague there. Care to specify? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Roma - that's your opinion and your interpretation, however mine are different. That doesn't make my point of view any less worthwhile than yours. You say I went too far? Let me ask you some questions. 1). Did this project end in June 2013 under a plan of getting this watch into production and out the door by December? Yes it was. 2). Will the watch case be finished in June? Can't say yes because everything has already been shifted back accordingly by AT LEAST 3-5 weeks! So a year goes by and the case itself isn't ready but yet it's in the appropriate "estimate" timeframe? 1 year to make a case and when they slated original production to be finalized and the product released in December LAST YEAR? You and I greatly differ on what constitutes "within estimate timeframe". 3). Im going to list some watches and you tell me who you think will bring a better quality watch in terms of performance and overall quality ok? A). Samsung - Will Samsung or Agent be a better watch for a Samsung phone? B). Microsoft - Will Microsoft or Agent be a better match for a Windows phone? C). Apple - We don't even need to ask this one. Apple will crush it. See where I'm going with this? Those 3 examples, of many, just go to show how worthless this product will ultimately become. 4). Has the creator delivered consistent communication in a public venue? No. Instead the creator blames the constant answering of PM's to be the source of why there isn't more public communication. There are numerous others (including yourself Roma) that have also given a negative impression to the creator for his lack of communication. 5). Does the creator provide solid and direct answers to the questions he seems worthy to answer? No. Instead he delivers a more political run around answer that delivers hardly any information and then throws the word "estimate" in there and expects others to be happy. You, yourself, Roma have even asked the creator to give direct answers so that point is already relevant. 6). Has there been any deception in this project at all? That's another area where we differ. You say no. I say yes. 7). Who out this product on the path to production? The creator? Or us? We did. If any investor had a financial equity share of this company, do you think they would have sued by now? You don't turn to the people who gave you their money and say, sorry I lost it and everything I said before no longer holds any truth what so ever, and expect to have "happy time" in imagination land. It's easier to screw people over if all you have to say is "estimate" then you automatically have and hold no accountability to anyone. 8). A lot more people requested refunds than you would apparently like, and you feel that this would be an opportunity to try and rip them apart and belittle them for speaking a contradictory viewpoint that apparently gets you very upset. Why? What makes your viewpoints and beliefs that much better than others? Nothing. 9). Does the creator have the ability to offer refunds to those ppl requesting them? Yes. 10). Will the creator do this since he has the ability to do so? No. Look sorry I'm raining on your "pro agent" parade here but all if what I have just written is fact not fiction. It's what I've been saying all along and I LOVE the fact that you drag OUYA into this lmao. Fantastic. You try to insert a section of something you had 0% involvement with to try and justify a character attack against someone who has a different point of view that is justified by the actions of the creator? Lmao. How's OUYA doing these days? Oh yeah, it's the joke if the industry and as if now there are older handhelds that are more popular and do better. Yeah see a similarity to the Agent? These are only 10 points, of which there are many more. 1 year and it's "estimated" that the case design will be on it's way? Right. "Estimated" 5 weeks till CNC molds for the case itself? That's JUNE! 1 year to take a product and just NOW get the CNC molds for the case? There is something not right here and that to me is deceitful. That to me is lying to the public to gain funds from the public when you know going into it that A) you can't make good on ANYTHING in your original timeline, and B) you hold no financial responsibility to your backers. Sorry Roma, I know you believe in this so much and you want to "silence the haters" and point and laugh and say "hahahah I'm right and you're an idiot" but ultimately what I've said in this post is FACT. Just because you have a different viewpoint doesn't mean I'm wrong. It means I have a different view. Get used to it bc not everyone will agree with you throughout your life, just like they won't with me either. Get over it Roma. Keep your posts there Pete. If breaking your word because I have a different point of view is your grounds to do so then fine, show your character since you already flaunted to the public essentially "I know something you don't know and I'm not sharing". LMAO I'm sorry but when did we revert back to kindergarten? You know what? We have one thing in common, you don't want to hear my viewpoint as much as I could care about your blind fanboy support. 1 year my friend. 1 year. Get a life @Brent. It's only a watch. @Brent, you have gone way too far. Brent Roberts a few minutes ago here: "... this creator has shown just how low and despicable a human being can be ..." @Brent, I don't think so. Brent Roberts on Aug 7, 2013 on Kickstarter re Ouya: "... Thank you to all you dumb f*cking idiots for giving a c*m dumping stupid **** named Julie a chance to f*ck over the gaming world. I say Julie is a c*m dumping **** bc she only likes to f*ck you out of your money." (the asterisks above are mine, not yours) @Brent, because of what you're doing, I am going to stop sharing my forum posts here. If you or anyone else wants to copy them across, go for it. I believe anyone can read any forum post without joining and signing. <url>"estimated" timeline. "The estimated completion data for the mold (and subsequent dates for other production items) will be moved back a corresponding amount of time (a few weeks for the extra watch case work and an estimated two weeks for the CNC molds)." ------ So based off of that we can conclude that everything that the April 15th estimate is a lie as it probably will not happen till end of May (at best). Now that the creator adds on additional an "estimated" 2 weeks for the molds. I'm expecting this project to be released by December 2014. I'll bet we see more delays in the upcoming weeks given that NOTHING is finalized. Also when/if this ever sees the light of day do you honestly think that this will go toe to toe with other top company watches that come out? Of course not. I would rather have a watch do one platform but be the "bar setter" or the "icon" for the competition to follow instead of doing multiplaform and being half ***ed and a joke. There's a saying "a jack of all trades is a master of none". This product is a prime example of that. For the windows phones, Microsoft will smash this product. For android phones Samsung and other dedicated android platform watches will vomit on this watch's face, and with iPhone? Lol Apple will utterly destroy this product. So where is the upside? No seriously, where is it? And then you tack on a creator who is a known deceitful person who could be considered a con artist with a fraudulent project that treats the community who put this product on the map like total dog ****. Blatantly refusing refunds, lying to backers, ignoring valid questions from backers, censoring whatever comments go against their "precious" and "fraudulent" image this creator has shown just how low and despicable a human being can be and I feel that it's a shame to not only treat other human beings like this, but backers who gave you their money. The creator hides behind the word "estimate" because I feel he is to arrogant, conceited, self centered, but the funny thing is that we the public will have the last laugh bc if no one buys their products they will have no income, and no income will mean the end of the company. While it's a shame that others may lose their job from it, the only one to blame for the downfall of this is the creator himself but he's to spineless to do or resolve anything. So hide like a coward creator, we the public will determine whether or not you stay in business and thats a fact. To the creator. WE PUT YOU HERE YOU CONDESCENDING AND SELF CENTERED MUPPET. YOU THINK YOU BROUGHT THIS PRODUCT TO LIFE? YOU ARE WRONG. ALL OF US HERE DID BASED OFF WHAT YOU LIED TO ALL OF US ABOUT!! I also personally feel that the creator uses the word "estimate" just to avoid lawsuits and cover his ***. I hope that the lawsuit is successful bc if it is id be interested to see how a judge would interpret all of this. You know what else? I'll bet that if I emailed every backer that put forth money for a watch, that a majority would love a refund or at least join in a legal battle against the creator. Promise-keeping again. From here <url>#19 out by the end of the month - which would be the expectation of most fair-minded people based on your previous undertakings. I suggest that the things most people care about most right now are things about the progress on the watches and you have offered not a scrap of information in that regard. So, some specific questions for you: Have the backlight molds been ordered yet? If not, what's holding that up? Are you on track to receive the completed molds and to order production samples by mid May? If not, what is your revised timing? Please answer the questions clearly and unambiguously. Thanks. EDIT: A couple of Kickstarter backers have offered to assist you with communications. Are you going to explore that opportunity? Posted Yesterday, 05:49 AM Hi Roma, We rolled the latest update (on the runtime) into Kickstarter Update #19. On backlight molds...the backlight team is waiting for final confirmation from the watch case design team that everything fits together. There are some more details in Kickstarter Update #19, but basically the two pieces have to fit together--and then we can order molds. There are a lot of e-mails and CAD files going back and forth...and we're hoping that the required case design tweaks for the new thin backlight are now either complete or very close to complete. The extra time required to mate the new thin backlight and the tweaked watch case adds time to the molding schedule, along with the extra CNC sample recommended by the watch case team. The estimated completion data for the mold (and subsequent dates for other production items) will be moved back a corresponding amount of time (a few weeks for the extra watch case work and an estimated two weeks for the CNC molds). As those are completed, we get the CNCd samples, the molds are ordered, etc. we will either post a note in the Comments section on Kickstarter or let backers know in the next regular update--or both. I know that patience in the face of roadblocks and unexpected extra workloads and processes is not a lot of fun. Thank you for your patience as we move forward on this project together. We really appreciate your support. Chris @Aaron, thanks for posting that. I hope it leads to Kickstarter taking some responsibility for, and tightening up on, protection for backers. In case some people here want to leap on to the law suit bandwagon on the back of that project, I'll point out some aspects of that one: 1. A simple set of playing cards (not that hard to make) 2. No rewards delivered 16 months since the estimated date 3. Nothing at all heard from the creator since July 2013 4. The designer (creator's 50% partner) received no money for his work and publicly blew the whistle. @Karsten Topp, it's a bit rich to criticise Creator for his comments when he was responding to your own accusation about using an Arduino behind the scenes. More generally I think it's unwise to be critical of any comment Creator makes here when we've all been critical of the lack of communication. Sure, try and get a focus on things which are important to you but don't throw out the baby with the bathwater. @Creator, thanks for the response. In general, I view you showing up on this comment section as a positive step. You're visible, you're communicating and providing answers to people's questions. I applaud and appreciate this. I think in general, without too much technical detail (i appreciate & understand the tech details), is the team able to summarize the difficulties in the cause of delays? OR I would also understand if you can't comment legally because there are a lot of high emotions and not good business. Either way, is there any way of the team can provide a more transparent or layman summary of more realistic ETA to production? I won't speak for others, but if that kind of dialogue can happen, I myself would feel better about the direction the team is taking. Thanks! Just putting this here in light of the "backers vs investors" debate from a bit ago. <url>#18. Although we all know this is not realistic based on Update #19s information.) 5 - Do you want a refund for the project as of todays current status? No. Yes. 6 - Would your answer to question 5 change if the project Creator had better communication? No. Yes. 7 - Are you willing to help the creator if they accepted by volunteering time? (This is only a hypothetical and would be on their terms.) 8 - Are you willing to help with the Voice of the AGENT Backers, which is this inative? Yes. No. 9 - ?? X - Other questions other Backers like YOU suggest. The thought is that all but questions 1 and 2 will be shared publicly, regardless of the results. My thought was to solicit feedback on the questions and process over the next week and start running the survey starting next week May 10th. I believe (3) weeks would be adequate time to allow the survey to run. I have set up the email address AGENT.Backers at gMail dot com and welcome people to start emailing there if they would like to help create a group of backers to help coordinate this effort. Please note I am GMT +8 so that is 12 hours ahead of New York, USA Time. Again thank you for taking the time to read this and please note my intentions are motivated by the fact that I like many other backers are not happy. For the record and full disclosure I have had (14) PM with Chris. In the most recent exchange was on April 23rd in which I asked for a refund. I got a reply on April 25h and was given what I felt was a canned response saying no. I replied the same day expressing my disagreement and disappointment with their reply. For me I fully support the spirit of Kickstarter as you can see by my backer profile. However I strongly believe that direct, clear communications is paramount when asking for peoples trust and money. This is not a personal attack on anyone, so please do take the time to comment on this document and share your thoughts on participating in the survey. Much Thanks, Harley I have no idea when this will be eventually produced if ever. All I know is that the two scenarios will be a lot of money for what will be a run of the mill smartwatch, or a lot of money for nothing. I think it will be nothing @creator , can we get a realistic time frame for shipping , manufacturing.... You know ... Thanks. I am not afraid of the known unknowns. I'm afraid of the unknown unknowns. @Creator please publlish a revised schedule and tell us when best case/realistically/worst case AGENT will become reality. @Creator I think we have other problems here than discussing what *duino was firing your prototype here. This sounds like the overspecific dementi that have become so common "No I did not wield a submachine gun!" / in fact it was an assault rifle ... like. Fact is instead of discussing unimportant points, we should rather get this project moving. Hey @creator, can I get the mockup watch from the KS campaign video? It is probably more than what I will ever get else from that project ... The antennas ARE the structural outer rim of the phone. It is all steel, intricately machined to high tolerances, but with insulated breaks in them. If you make an image search for "iPhone 4 antenna rim", you'll find several pictures of what the parts look like. They differ slightly between iPhone 4 and 4S, but the concept is similar. Having thin black insulators (plastic or ceramic) embedded in a black PVD-coated case ought to not detract from its appearance; perhaps even the opposite. And the insulating parts could inside the case expand to perform other structural functions. Looking at your CAD drawings, I can see several possibilities. Honestly, bearing in mind what was said here on this subject about five months ago, I would have expected you to have come further. But no matter  things do not always progress as we would want or expect them to. A point many would do well to bear in mind. However  in the discussions at the time, I also seem to recall having speculated on that very same parasitic loss due to the watch case forming an unbroken circle. I also speculated on a potential remedy: the iPhone 4 rim performs the function of several antennas, that need to be insulated from one another lest they interfere. The rim is therefore broken into segments, separated by insulating spacers. Doing a similar thing with the watch case body  breaking the loop  ought to reduce the parasitic draw dramatically, perhaps even sufficiently to enable the use of stainless steel. . As I noted, I first posted this suggestion several months ago. Have you investigated the possibility? @Creator I was your supporter, but from now I'm not. Anyway I won't request for refund (I know you will not refund). @Creator, thanks Chris for your detailed response. It's interesting to know that despite the standards there are Qi chargers and Qi chargers! Good move to design the watchcase walls to keep open as many material options as possible. I love the idea of ceramics in the watch. @Brent, I know what I said but I later decided it was not too difficult for people to click on the link. Anyway, I will do what I said until another backer here asks me not to or if I think I'm pandering to you only. BTW "on time" in that context meant in keeping with Creator's promise to post Update #19 by the end of April. Gee, you're hard to please! Posted Today, 08:21 AM : Hi Chris. I am one of many people interested in the look and feel of the watch. I'm looking forward to receiving a premium smartwatch! Regarding the watchcase body, and given the qi charging arrangement and bluetooth connectivity, are there any materials for the base and sides of the watchcase which you have ruled out? For example, have you ruled out ferrous metals? All metals? Thanks, and thanks for getting Update #19 out on time. @Roma - why not post it here? You said: "@Brent, I'm happy to post here whatever I post on the Agent forums and also any responses I get there. I'll try to remember to do that in future." Did you just forget? Also the few min before May 1st is when this update got posted and I'm glad you think that posting it min before may 1st is "on time". Sorry but I disagree w that. I have posted this <url>"What is the watch case material?". I worte in the topic, "I don't how many times I have asked this question." Today, the topic is DELETED and I got a PM from Chris: ----------- We're happy to share more info about watch case materials. We do not know what materials we can use yet for sure. In addition to the standard Kickstarter rules, on the forums we also ask that members ask questions in the body of their posts and in a polite manner (so that all members of the community can feel welcome to participate). I can sense that you're frustrated, and I can see that in your posts. Please repost your question and we can start a dialogue about watch case materials. ----------- Then I reposted a same topic. Then the topic is deleted again in 30 mins. I think that's why Chris want move us to the fourm - he can delete anything he doesn't like. This campaign should read: Agent - a falsified vaporware dreamt by an elitist creator in an attempt to gain funds by misleading the public. State of the art fraud. @Michael but @Creator should know if the watch he advertised to us will have a plastic or metal casing. If @Creator has no idea yet, it would be time to pull the plug NOW. @Karsten The @creator does not answer if the watch case is plastic or metal... bc THERE IS NO WATCH. But if @Creator is neither willing nor able to address the issues backers have repeatedly mentioned - this KS project will not deliver. As per China Daily Apple ist starting to produce it's SmartWatch, which would be a game changer once unveiled. In terms of this KS project... after almost a year, the @Creator is about where he said he was about a year ago. So far, nothing happened. The project is delayed and the @Creator is not communicating any further milestones. All we get are infos about some more weeks delay. @Creator also refused to answer simple questions about important aspects of the project. Just to mention one: the @Creator was asked repeatedly about the material of the watch case - no answer even if it's plastic or metal... @Creator was offered assistance from the backer, which he not even thankfully rejected but ignored. This project has not even left the ground. It should better or it will be too late. Even tough @Creator intentionally mislead backers about the state of the project from the start, I, personally will not, repeat not, take any action against @Cereator - nor support anything alike - as long as @Creator decides to implement a reasonable communication strategy and shows that @Creator is able to get the project going. First, I'd like to acknowledge that Creator has come good on his initial promise to put out Update #19 by the end of April. Communication is critical when a Kickstarter project is delayed. Next, those demanding refunds/chargebacks/legal action are putting the entire project at risk. You might do Creator in the eye but you'll also fail the silent majority of your 5,500 co-backers who presumably still want watches. Yes, you pledged not ordered. Yes, you are owed a reward not a product. No, the delivery dates are not promises but estimates. No, Creator has not yet abandoned the project or demonstrated that the can't deliver. If you can't handle the uncertainties of the Kickstarter world then stay away. If you can't afford to lose your money then don't take the plunge. Last, I agree that Creator should not play their cards so close to their chest. If they weren't prepared to share more information with backers, they shouldn't have come near Kickstarter. Anyway, they are as locked in as we are so let's try to work together to get what we all wanted when we pledged - a really nice smartwatch. Could it be that @creator Chris Walker is busy with only two things; a) managing a millionaire's bank account, and b) laughing about us backers!? Chris Walker keeps saying this team is doing this, that team is doing that like there is a large group working on this.....The vast majority of KS's introduce the team. Their not mentioned or seen in the agent KS. They have never posted a comment on any site, KS, Agent Forum, Facebook. For a team that has spent in Chris's words thousands of hours creating world class tools and to not have a single one of them comment, once, on their Dev forums is more than odd. Wouldn't they be proud to show off just a fraction of all that hard work? To show some cool things they have done? Would love to see a 20 second movie introducing the supposed teams of case designers, and software engineers and so forth Chris keeps touting! Honestly, 100%, hope I am wrong but I would bet Chris Walker is the software team, the engineering team, the case mold team and so on. Doesn't the last update strike anyone as strange, this watch is 4 months overdue and their still building the Bluetooth and software SDK? If it was to ship all this should have been done last November? So not only was the backlight situation completely mis-managed but the software dev project plan was also completely mis-managed as well. If anything this delay should have been about, all this extra time is letting our team of developers create all these new cool watch apps since they already developed the software for the December launch! So we just built this app, and this new app, and another new app because our software team has nothing to do! Instead were seeing how their still trying to build Blue tooth support for something that was to ship 4 months ago? Just doesn't add up. This looks, smells, feels, like a one man operation who bit of waaaaaaaaaaay more than he could chew. @David Pebble was late, very, very late. It still was worth it, I still wear my Pebble as daily watch. So hold on... ... at least for another fortnight. If @Creator is not following up with hard info about all the details we've asked in an official KS update by then, we should get a class action suit together. All we need is one US backer in NY and a few of us will join forces to file a claim for misrepresentation and fraud. If fraud is found in a court, then HoH and SL will have to pay up not only refunds, but compensation and fines, too. That can finish off HoH and SL as business entities. Can I have a refund. I am tired of reading why you can't produce this product. It's outdated as of now! There are no posts of a working model video this is nothing but vaporware. I would like a refund as you have failed to produce in a timely manner a working product due to your constant upgrade modifications. As mentioned previously Pebble got the product out and you missed your deadline. This project is quickly reminding me of Jorno, a project I'm very glad I didn't back in hindsight. When the creator provides updates he doesn't actually say much at least not to address the very pressing questions the backers continue to ask (e.g., case materials, revised timelines, next steps). Oh well. Live and learn. @Creator could you please confirm or deny my assumption that the AGENT's casing will be made out of plastics? Looking at the video with thw QI charging coil again, I realized that they actually have had nothing but the bare coil. No casing, nothing. Now QI uses induction - obviously - which is prone to parasitical leaks due to metal interfering with the electromagnetic field. So at least the base of the Agent has to be plastic, but even then the metal case would become the equivalent of a frying pan on an induction hob. Ok, it won't get hot, not with the few mA from the USB, but would the case be made of metal, there would be severe lossed due to parasitics. Hence, the whole assembly has to be made of ... yes, Plastic. Jussi given the fact that QI charging is involved and that the 2 renderings so far had no jint of different materials (i.e. different shardes), I assume it will be acrylonitrile butadiene styrene for the body and some possibly coated polycarbonate for the glass. A metal body in conjunction with QI charging would possibly demand more engineering resources than HoH/SL can afford. @Karsten  +1, mate! . @Creator  what about the CASE MATERIAL? . It is impossible to know the strength of any given wall thickness without knowing the material, so if you are adjusting the case wall thickness "to meet strength requirements", obviously you know what material it will be. When are you planning to divulge that little tidbit of information? Looking at the discussions going on here around Christmas, you can hardly be unaware of there being a fair bit of interest among backers in that particular question. . Or should we interpret the information thus: if you are adding wall thickness to meet strength requirements, then it is because you have a weaker material now than your original architecture, meaning that the case will be plastic, not stainless steel? Maybe this "smart"watch needs to go back to school? Here's a link where "we" are and who already overtook "The Smartest Watch". Seems like we've been lapped a few times, now... <url>#19. It showed some detail about wher this project stands and what has been achieved since the last update. But, unfortunately, it is too little, too late. Instead of having just one udate, which many of us backers wold consider to be "tl;dr" - too long; did not read - it would have made much more sense to have created a number of smaller updates that would much more closely reflect the progress of the project. So, most of us will possibly still be unhappy. For those, who have not read the whole of the update, I will try to compress it into a few bulletpoints. @Creator, please feel free to coment or correct here... 1) The basic software for the Agent is not yet ready. 2) The basic hardware for the insides of the Agent is not yet ready. 3) The basic design for the case is not yet ready. Does this clearly show the status of the project about a year after funding and does or does it not reflect what @Creator promised us, the backers, to be ready at the time of funding? And we are taking about the basics here, not fancy applications etc. I, personally, still do not think to ask for a refund would be a good option as a refund will break the neck of this project and we, the backers would lose everything and get nothing in reward. But, just in case the minimum aspects of good communication are not met in the near future, I frankly could care less losing my pledge and even employ a lawyer to go to court and claim for refund and compensation and fraud. What do I, what do the backers, expect? 1) Follow the "Bazaar-Principle", publish often. Weekly or the latest bi-weekly shorter updates on KS are a minimum. 2) Provide us with a GANNT Chart ofte project and give us weekly or bi-weekly estimates of best/expected/worst case timeframes. 3) Utilize the knowledge of the backers. We might have been so stupid to fall for the smoke, mirrors and lies @Creator fed us, but we are still mostly committed to this project. 4) Answer questions that have been posed. Dodging uncomfortable questions will only upset the backers more... Should those minimum requirements ot be met, I have no qualms to throw some of the good money after the bad, just to quench my thirst for blood. This project was founded on deception and lies. The creator CAN grant refunds, but REFUSES to do so. If you have an issue w that take it up w the creator (good luck on that one). Questions get either vague answers or ignored completely and I feel by the time something that closely resembles a wrist electronic watch style computer thingy, it'll be so outdated it'll be worthless. But the good side is we as a public brought this lying project, creator, and company 1,000,000 right? So I guess that's a good thing then right? Hey I've got an idea. They just unearthed the landfill that all the old Atari ET games were dumped into (along with seemingly everything else), so why not refill it w agents? It'll be about a decade till we see this if ever so why not do it then? Most of us will have moved onto better things w apple and other companies by then anyways. Now's a great point in the R&D to start a Kickstarter campaign...oh wait I wish all the best and hope for a good result, but I do not expect it anymore too slow process A shame really. +1 @Creators Many thanks for long-expected update! Has a small questions: What result thickness of case and material of this? @Creator and specifically Chris, in addition to the technical updates you provided, YOUR BACKERS would like some transparency in regards to the angry folks here in the comments section. Trust me when I say you're not doing yourself a favor by not addressing the concerns directly. His words are that of a conservative politician @Creator - holy crap ppl's prayers do get answered. Thank you for the update! Even though some of it was canned from your forum it provided a lot of technical details that a lot of backers will be very grateful to read all about it. Going over the details I have noticed that you were upfront with the delay on the case manufacturing. While I'm a bit dissatisfied w the word delay in association to this project (which I feel was originally based off of falsehoods to gain funding), I am glad to see that these delays are bc you are pursuing a quality case instead of gambling backer money on a bet that didn't pan out. While I do feel strongly that you should offer refunds to the vast majority, I also feel that this update (albeit full of technical information), was too little too late. By the time this watch gets to backer's wrists there will already be products out there that will crush it in almost every single aspect. This, compiled with your already dismal attempt to salvage whatever public relations you have left, and your inability to provide direct answers to all questions instead of ignoring and being selective with the questions you do answer, I feel that if you really care about the public and your backers and your own image (and your company's image) you should do the stand up thing and offer those backers the ability to pm you (since that is how you seem to LOVE to communicate) and receive their refund. It IS possible, you just REFUSE to do so. Let me make that clear, it is YOUR CHOICE NOT TO GIVE REFUNDS. I too opt for a refund. bleh update 19* sigh....update 30 doesn't address the comments and gives us way too much technical information asides the fact that the watch is still in development stages... @Roma - you sir are 100% correct on what you just said. @Brent, I'm happy to post here whatever I post on the Agent forums and also any responses I get there. I'll try to remember to do that in future. If people here get sick of me doing that, I'm sure they'll tell me. I feel strongly that, in the circumstances, @Creator should post everything he says and every comment he makes about the watch - the physical object - on the Updates page here on Kickstarter. He seems to think that any Update that goes there should be a magnum opus. In my opinion, if he writes 200 lines or just 2 lines it merits going on the Update page so a) we get auto emailed, and b) there is a single place to look to find things. This is needed to rebuild the trust of backers. For those that want to know what Roma asked on the agent forums rather than here publicly: "1. Have the backlight molds been ordered yet? If not, what's holding that up? 2. Are you on track to receive the completed molds and to order production samples by mid May? If not, what is your revised timing?" Did these get answered? Nope. Not even on the Agent website. Also next time Roma, why not publish these great questions here on ks? These are great questions bc they hold merit towards the entire production and more falsified promises by the creator. I wish that those questions were asked and answered on here bc now it shows a prime example of why directing ks backers to their own forum is wrong. @Roma - I actually went to the link you recently provided and thought what you wrote was very valid and that the creator danced and dodged around everything you asked and mentioned only to have you follow up and yet get ignored. Your questions were very on point and I hope that they do take up ppl's offers to be their pr person. What concerns me is since the creator is so selective in how and what they answer, would they force the new pr person to be the same? That's probably another question that will never get answered and instead we will get the same smoke and mirrors that we have seen constantly from this creator. Sorry but this is a joke. I was hopeful that the creator had their logistics ironed out and that the various details were all ready to go and all that was needed was money to make it all happen. All of this is false. The case materials, lighting, all of it is nothing but a smoke screen for a creator that has lied. No April update after creator said that an update would come at least once a month? Yet another lie. The creator said that if I haven't felt loved then to ask them how they could help. I told the creator to prove it by sharing the information that he shared w Roma and not have that be selective. Yet another question that got ignored. I personally feel that this selective information in regards to directing traffic towards their own forum shows great character flaws. Flaws such as being deceitful and cowardly. If you don't want to hear the questions and aren't going to answer the questions then go away. You haven't proved anything except that you can make imaginary promises of a product you lied about and then are deceitful with the information you do provide. When this watch comes out it may have style on its side but that remains to be seen given that the case materials and final design is nowhere to be seen so we can't base outcomes and resolutions based off of hypothetical situations. Actions speak louder than words and this project in the long term will cause a major black eye to the company. It's easier for a cowardly creator to ask public for money and manipulate and deceive them once he has the money than to go to a VC and take money from them and do the same. You think that this would have happened if they went to a VC and got an investment from them? If the creator tried to do what he's done to us to a VC he would be sued in a heartbeat for falsifying information to generate revenue. Also, why only ask for 100k originally? Sorry but this creator is a cowardly liar who is selective in terms of what information is shared and on what outlet and I believe that the creator has deliberately manipulated information to spin positive outlooks and gain more money from the public. Where is the accountability? There is none and because of that why should we believe the creator going forward? This is also why I believe ks needs to implement more responsibility to the creators of projects and allow greater backer protection. If it's not for backers, projects don't exist. If it's not for backers, Kickstarter doesn't exist. We the people are the only source that keep this site and these projects coming in. To anyone that wants to make money, here's an idea that would make millions for you: create a crowd funding site that holds greater accountability to creators and allows greater protection for backers and if you create that site, you can watch ks drop. Why go to a site that holds next to no accountability to creators and offers next to nothing in terms of protecting the backers? Blindly throwing money towards a project or person is a horrible way to manage finances and that is what is happening here and especially w this creator. Take a bow Chris bc you have effectively screwed yourself and your company. Tell us some more lies. Actions speak louder than words but a vast majority of your words are false truths so it is you sir that needs to regain our faith. Yes you have some faithful followers but the vast majority of backers have lost faith in anything you say. Good luck, you will definitely need it. Now insert the devout faithful that's salivating to tear me apart. Have at me. @Michael, same thing posted on the forums: Posted 13 April 2014 - 10:34 PM Hey there SupperDog, I will post Kickstarter Update #19 a bit later this month .... Chris <url>"On updates: we'll have Kickstarter Update #19 a bit later this month. We will continue updating backers once or twice a month via Kickstarter Updates." Now it seems to turn out to me that they must have known, that they will not post #19 later this month. That they even not intended to do so. They were just lying, if you ask me. I will contact cc company and amazon to see if i can get my pledge refunded. KS should look into that project as well ... You did not believe that @Creator would communicate better in his own forum, did you? Well, @Creator is avoiding direct answers to direct questions there as well as here. So... what's the @Creator's forum good for? Diverting the negative comments to a place he can control. Nope, no way Jose! @Matt, Update #19 is not imminent. See <url>#19 in April! @Karsten the creator does in fact have 2 options. Deliver the reward or give full refunds. It's part of the TOS they agreed to when the started the campaign. Those are the ONLY 2 options. Lets also not forget they got well over $1 million, which should have been enough to finalize the product and ship in December if they had truly been working on this project for a year prior to coming to Kickstarter. Especially since they got more than they asked for... It's creators like this that give kickstarter a bad rap and keep new backers from helping small startups. In the context of your last comment, the last item you mentioned. Of course. @Jussi what? Bringing Agent to fruitition? Actually, I doubt @Creator regards that as a viable option himself... @Jussi It's too late to pull out, but that does not mean that we should cut @Creator lose. we should even more vigilant and press on to keep the process moving. @Creator has basically two options: deliver the reward or delay and live off our pledge until it's used up to a point that production can no longer be funded. We should not let him chose the second option... @Creator -- Looking forward to Update #19, then! . @Karsten -- brilliant post, just now! You and I don't always see eye to eye, but this time I agree with every thing you said. I understand, why the creator is trying to fight refunds. Business costs money. There are bills to be paid, wages, taxes and obviously, the creator spent a lot of the pledged funds, which is normal and that's why we funded him. But in the current state of the project, after all the delays and still without even a watch casing - and look at Omate to see how difficult it can be - there is a chance of a "bank run". We all know that funds are limited, that if only a small percentage of backers will request a refund the whole project will cras and burn and so we all would try to be the first to get our funds - before there is nothing left. So, te creator has no choice but to continue and, frankly, we have no choice but to stick with it. If we request refunds, we will all lose. There is only one option: More communication by the creator, and bringing AGENT to fruitition ASAP @Brent I am working with the CC company and Amazon Payments. It is clearly stated they have to ship a product (reward if you prefer) or give 100% refunds. As the creator has gone silent and refuses to post progression, we must assume that they are still in the design phase 2 years after the idea was first conceptualized(?)... and that's bad news bears. I'll post info as I get it from my end in hopes that Kickstarter/Creator come to grips that this venture has failed and the backers should receive their money back, per the Kickstarter TOS The watch case materials are still unknown. @David - good luck w your refund question. The creator can do refunds but refuses to do so and refuses to answer why. Claims that ks isn't a store carries no weight when other projects that have greatly exceeded their timeframe have offered them to disgruntled backers. It's possible but the creator doesn't want to give you your money back. Why? That's a mystery that will never be solved, unless the creator gets off his high horse and is upfront with those who want refunds. Will that happen? Hahaha yeah right. Argh... Autocorrect. PCP should read PCB - we need an edit option! @Creator - why are you posting that link like it's news? That's from January... is there nothing to show for the last 3 months? Also, where are the official updates - not Facebook/Forum posts? This project needs to ship or refund according to Kickstarter policy... which will it be? @Creator Thanks for the video. It's not much, but it goes beyond a mock-up with an Arduino in the back. Still, this is from January, when you were supposed to have shipped Agent's for half a year by then. So, to sum this up: 1) we do have engineering samples 2) they still need to be designed production-ready as the dimensions of the PCB and the coil seem to be too big to fit into the watch case shown in the original advertisements 3) we still do not have a front (or back) light and adding another 0.9 mm to the already thick PCP assembly will not look too good, or won't it? 4) given the fact that we do not have a complete assembly, I assume we do not have no FCC/CE certification either? 5) do we have a revised project plan and what is the expected timeframe? Given the fact that second and third generation Smartatches will hit the shelves in numbers soon (or already do), a Gen1.5 SmartWatch will have limited appeal to customers... What has happened to this project, it really has hit the skids. @Daniel Chang, I guess I'm the first "certain someone". I have gone over the top sometimes in my frustrated defence of this project and I apologise to everyone here for that. I will tone it down. I hope you and Adam have sent PMs to Creator with your offers to help. The communication has been terrible. I fear that Chris Walker won't let go of anything but he can't do it all. My biggest problem with this project is a certain someone's overly condescending tone toward people worried about this project and another's ridiculously whining... Sorry, I'm not throwing folks under the bus here. But @Creator, you seriously have to work on your communication skills. You've got me willing to work for a $1 or @Adam Dzak willing to do it for free. Please take us up on it. We can do it together. If agent it a true tech project why was it classified by you as a design project on kickstarter? Also you never said anything about the front light during kickstarter and only mentioned that there was a possible surprise, yet we come to find out that it isnt even going to happen and that is the cause for the delay. Is it right to waste time/capital on something people didnt even know was a possibility and now have the project delayed months and most likely a year before full fulfillment over something no one asked for, you didnt tell us was happening, it is not what your specs said and didnt have a different replacement. You say you didnt have the resources to do them both, yet here you are doing both, that makes no sense! You constantly manipulate your wording in order to mislead backers, which is why it was so funded, and it is not right. IF i would of known the true scale of work needed to completion i never would of backed this project, but I was assured by chris that you could meet the goals you set for yourselves, since you broke what you said you could do you should give the backers the option to get the money back now, like other campaigns have done when they were in situations similar to yours. @Creator thanks for considering my suggestion for Philips Hue integration. Yeah, it won't be able to directly interface with the Agent, but if the Agent is just connected to the internet through a Phone, then there shouldn't be any problems :) On the updates. Have you considered writing one about the team that's working with you on the project? Are there more than just you involved in the development? Other projects like Neurio <url>#18 too, and they had me scratching my head a bit at the time. But when they used the word "frontlight" in these recent comments, everything finally snapped into place. I can be a bit slow like that, at times. But again: had this been CST-01, they would have spent at least 1,000 words, several stills, and probably two videos, to explain what they were trying to do, and when it went pear shaped, why they couldn't do it. Instead, we're left to taking one word here and two there, trying to build a jigsaw puzzle in order to figure out what they're trying to do. Contrary to what AGENT seems to think, their problem here hasn't been TOO MUCH technical content in their updates, but FAR, FAR TOO LITTLE! @Roma - To be honest I never thought of myself as the problem but I know you do ;) and my sincerest apologies if my views and thoughts differ from yours and cast a shadow if negativity over your beloved company. Free world mate, get used to having not everyone agree with you or see things your way. I do want answers which is why I ask questions, hence the whole point of a question which is to obtain information that you didn't have previously. It's not a hard concept to grasp. If I had the information, why would I ask the questions? Now I know you are probably sitting there shaking your head and getting ready to dive head first and so eager into your response to belittle or degrade or insult me as you so love to do, but you know what? I still like you ;) So go Roma, type your hatred towards me in descriptive manners that depict vile and grotesque images. Insult me to your hearts desire. But I still like you ;) Hello AGENT, I have to agree with Jussl. Keep those updates here on KS! If I feel swamped by your frequent updates I will unsubscribe from the project updates or I will simply not read them. It doesn't cost me two seconds to delete an email I don't want to read. Looking through the comments here because I haven't heard from people that I've handed over a chunk of money to however is way more time consuming. I absolutely don't like the thought of you moving communication onto a different platform. A platform that you host your selfs where you could simply remove comments that you don't agree with. It is probably not what this is supposed to be but this is what it feels like. Also unless you have people working for free managing your own forum does cost money that might be better employed. Sorry if this sounds frustrated but I thought I'd say it now before it gets worse. @Jussi, yeah I gathered that from these words in Update 18: "Light-guide film is applied on top of the display, adding less than 0.1 mm in thickness. That makes it the seemingly-perfect solution for both power consumption and thinness." Presumably this would have completely eliminated the need for backlight molds and hugely increased battery life. I can see why this option would have been seductive. @Brent, have you ever thought you might be part of the problem? You pore over every utterance like an ancient seer examining goats' entrails. If you really want answers you might be more measured and not sweat every detail. But do you really want answers or is it more satisfying for you to just grandstand? Aha -- from your comments here I glean that the New and Innovative Plan A display illumination was in fact NOT a LGF *backlight*, but a *frontlight*! Now, that suddenly makes a lot more sense -- now I can understand what the hullabaloo was about, why you were so eager to incorporate the technology into AGENT, why it turned out to be so difficult, and the enormity of changes in architecture entailed by the switch to a traditional BLU! Too bad you haven't posted a detailed technical explanation of this; I'm sure many here would have (a) found it fascinating, and (b) understood what was going on a lot better. Kickstarter should be your primary communications channel *with backers. To clarify one point. You said: . "To be clear, the new "News and Announcements" section and "Kickstarter Project" forum is a supplement to Kickstarter updates and engagement, not a replacement." ======================================================= If you are posting information or maintaining communications streams relevant to Kickstarter backers on a platform other than Kickstarter while not also cross-posting it on Kickstarter, then you are in effect replacing it. Kickstarter should be your primary communications channel. AGENT -- You cite various reasons for wanting to move communication to your own platform. I shall address both of them: . "Kickstarter has a mechanism for large updates that are auto-emailed out to all backers, there's not a good way to post smaller more regular updates" ======================================================= YES there is: you post an update here! So we backers get an email informing us about it? Great! CST-01 and countless other projects do it, SO CAN YOU! I'd be greatly surprised if you were going to spam out inboxes with daily updates. And I think those backers who would object to getting an occasional email every few weeks (from which it is possible to opt out, n.b.) are vastly fewer than those who object to your current move! You need to post your latest "Kickstarter Update" here on -- hey, KICKSTARTER! -- immediately. . "because we're (a) super-focused getting AGENT ready for production; (b) using our spare time to respond to PMs; etc" ======================================================= (a) Fair enough! That's what we want you to be doing primarily anyway. (b) You don't think that you are creating a self-fulfilling prophesy here, do you? That the worse you get at communicating on Kickstarter, the more PM's you get, and the less time you have to communicate on Kickstarter? You have set up a vicious circle for yourselves, and only you can break it -- and break it you must! . . I mention CST-01 as an example, and that is for a good reason: the similarities are striking, and not only in the name of the project ("CST-01: The World's Thinnest Watch"). They raised similar amounts of money, the main reward tiers were not priced very far off from each other... Also, they projected delivery last September, but have so far been delayed into Q2. The most relevant difference would be that they had about 2000 more backers than AGENT. Considering that while they, too, post far too few updates and are far from active enough in the comments, the greater number of backers and the fact that they now are seven months, not four, into their delay would suggest that their comments stream is even more filled with vitriol than this one here, right? Wrong! So far, their comments stream has barely broken past 1,000 comments, while this one is rapidly racing towards 5,000. Also, I have not seen anywhere near as many requests for refunds there. So what do they do differently? Well, for one thing: they do not shirk from painstaking technical detail in their updates -- ever -- or from detailed specifics about what is delaying them and why, or detailed accounts of how they are planning to move forward, up to and including Gantt charts. Which of course includes that they have warned of impending delays months in advance. And that is a fashion ONLY product; nothing at all in it for the code geeks! Nor have they refrained from posting mini-updates, when they have felt there was something interesting to say. In spite of these being emailed to all backers who have chosen to accept such emails. So, AGENT -- your assumption that the average backers are clearly uninterested in technical detail is obviously and epically fallacious, as is your assumption that backers object to frequent notifications of updates! Assumption is, as we all know, the mother of all fuck-ups. So, stop assuming! . Take heed, AGENT! Look at how other projects communicate better than you and COPY them -- do NOT try to re-invent the wheel; you'll only make it worse. You are well on the way there already! @Creator - "@Brent Roberts -- The frontlight manufacturer was highly recommended by several people in our Fortune 500 supply chain. They provided the recommendation based on our requirements and because they believed it was a lower-risk path than creating a custom backlight. I am not going to throw people under the bus; we followed the recommendations. They only provided the best insights they could." Understandable that you won't throw ppl under the bus. Looks like the insights though didn't pay off did they? "Of course we spent money (on prototypes, paying for engineering expenses, lots of shipping, in-person meetings, etc.) on the previous backlights." Ok so how much of the 1 million backer money was spent towards this failed backlight? "The company who created our custom backlight was not an available option last year. And even if they were, industry display experts recommended the frontlight option as the lower-risk solution which also happened to be closest to our thickness specs." So you took a gamble and lost. I understand it happens to everyone. How big was the loss though? "We try very hard to engage with and show love to our backers. We respond to a lot of PMs. If you have not felt loved, please let us know how we can make you feel more loved." You want to know? Ok what information did you selectively tell Roma that we other backers can't know? "The main Kickstarter page (<url>"really cool functioning prototype" to "ship-ready product". It seems though if you lost on the gamble you are having to do more w less now? If that's the case then why even offer a December timeframe for shipping which is now delayed until August? This is why people think you misrepresented from the beginning bc based off the information you provide we weren't factoring in your gamble or delays that apparently now set the project back 3/4 of a year. So why give it such an unrealistic timeframe? It seems like you had a plan in place when this campaign started, got WAY more money than you anticipated, then after the campaign ended, you gambled that money which caused a delay and now have to resort back to the original plan but now with less money. You said the company you are with now wasn't an option last year so with that said it seems like you had an original company back in 2013, then thought this other company would provide a better product, when that happened you moved onto this other company? So this is the 3rd backlight company you are going with? I say 3rd bc since it wasn't an option last year and you offered an estimated December date of delivery, it would appear that you had a company lined up already, otherwise why provide December? "On your last question: I know it sounds trite, but Kickstarter is not a store. We come here and we pool our resources together to make creative projects possible. As a thank you, backers are given the choice to select a reward related to the project. Huge amounts of money are then spent on electrical engineering, software engineering, molds, certifications, trips to meet with suppliers, etc. The budget is set up front, and huge volumes of components were ordered up front." We decided your budget, not you. We ask you for information and state valid concerns and questions and you ignore us. Backers ask for a refund (which is within your ability) based off your inability to maintain backer confidence and consistent communication. "We do understand that life circumstances change and that some backers may decide they no longer want the optional reward they selected. If that's the case for you, once your reward comes off the production line we'll do what we can to help you sell that reward." No thanks I don't have any confidence in you making the watch to begin with so needless to say I'll sell it myself bc I'll be going in a bigger different direction. Just so we are clear, you CAN issue refunds to backers who request them, you just REFUSE to do so. "If Kickstarter were a store and we were making a profit on the watches, it would be a much different story. We're here, participating in the creation of a really cool creative project together. The result of that journey will be what we believe is a really nice watch. We are grateful that you chose to come along on that journey." You mean you're grateful I'm a sucker like thousands of your other backers right? Chris" "@Brent Roberts -- there are no advertisements on the forums. There is no upsell. There is no hit counting. There is no registration required to view the interim updates or search through questions people have asked. It is another web page, another resource which provides additional updates which got lost otherwise." Which you told backers to go if they wanted information yet you failed to tell us what updates will be available on ks. How about all the info on your site you share here? Why should we go to your site when we put you on the map? You are only here bc of us, not bc of you. "The latest Kickstarter Update is here, posted yesterday: <url>" So where is this info here on ks? Oh it's not bc for some unknown reason you didn't feel we wanted this information? Why isn't this info here on ks? "As we have more updates for the broader backer audience, we will post one of those as Update #19 on the Kickstarter Updates page--where it will be auto-emailed to backers. We will continue posting there about once a month." So you will only post ONE and not all? Why not all? Posting once a month? Well get cracking bc April is almost over. Sorry but I feel you are being dishonest with people and their money. I guess it's easier to manipulate people out if their money on here rather than try it w a VC that takes equity of the company right? You have distorted information from the beginning to generate an increase of public funding which you knew ahead of time you couldn't honor and you refuse to give money back to those who backed you yet feel you have been dishonest too. Your loyal following will now rip me apart, but the funny thing is that I care about that as much as you do for those backers who helped out you where you are. Which is nothing. Go ahead loyal and devout followers, have at me. @Creator With your last update you published this: Estimated timeline (approximate): April 15 2014 - order backlight molds May 15 2014 - backlight molds complete; order production backlight samples June 16 2014 - receive and test backlight samples; make final tweaks to watch case July 2014 - assemble final production samples; full system testing August 2014 - regulatory clearance; begin production and fulfillment of smartwatch rewards I think it would be of interest to all backers whenever you pass a milestone. So, did you order the backlight molds on time? @Creator - unlike you I will ask my questions here in the public setting so the entire public can know just what is being asked and if you decide to answer them or ignore them: 1) who recommended the company that fell through and forced you to go another route? 2) was any backer money used in any part of this recommended company? If so, how much was spent and how was it spent? 3) researching a company before hand is crucial, so what research was done on this company before even agreeing to the test material? What research did your company do or was it solely based off a "recommendation"? If just a recommendation I'm sry but that seems to really shake my confidence that the creator would be so cavalier with other ppls money. 4) why not go with the plan b company first instead of gambling on a company that couldn't manufacture an electronic component without a clean room? 5) why do you neglect the public here on your ks page? 6) why have you faltered from your initial communication that you (creator) would be very vocal and provide consistent communication? 7) what is your response to backers who feel that this product was falsely represented in the beginning just to obtain funding? What evidence can you provide for that answer? 8) What proof can you give those backers who are not very supportive of your company, it's product, or your almost non existent public communication that we should listen or believe anything you say? 9) Here's a big question that I would die of shock if this got answered: Why will you NOT offer refunds to your backers who are fed up with the choices and actions and want to part ways from you and your company? Do I think you will answer these publicly? Nope. Like I said though I would be shocked if you answered #9. @Creator-- "@Brent Roberts -- we are here, and we are listening. There's little that we can do to respond to negative comments other than post more updates and continue moving AGENT towards the production line." Post information here on ks where your money came from or on your beloved forums that you are trying to boost hits and traffic for? You want to know how to combat negative comments? Simple, you keep active here on ks and actively address the genuine concerns by providing information. Want to know how to piss off more ppl? Simple, do exactly what you have been doing and keep your elitist and selective attitude. "For any polite questions about the project, the product we're building together or what it takes to get something like this to production, we are more than happy to help answer your questions or provide more insights." Really? What a joke. I asked multiple questions that were based solely off your previous inability and actions that you did commit. Did they get answered? No, in fact as I'm typing this I get a pm from you! I feel the public needs to know what you said along w my reply which will be public instead of withholding information from the public as others do. The pm is in "" and my replies are inside. "Hi Brent, Kickstarter is not a store. It is much more analogous to a telethon--where backers support to pledge a cause, and if they want they can get a bonus related to the thing they're supporting in return. I know it sounds trite, but Kickstarter really is a place where we come together and pool our resources together to make creative projects possible." Yes I know this already and in fact the questions I asked were not regarding this fact. So with that established let's move on. "Sometimes (most of the time, from the stats) those projects take longer than expected. In our case, we've embarked on a fairly huge project and we too ran into some roadblocks." Yes that's understandable however these "roadblocks" are what I precisely asked about yet you ignored them. "We're systematically moving beyond those and moving towards production. Patience is hard. I know, and we're equally anxious to get to the production line." Was this the production line that you were moving forward to last year? Oh, ok it was. Why should I believe you? "Regarding updates... We took steps yesterday to post more updates more often for backers." No sir, you in fact effectively gutted the amount of updates that you will be giving ks backers here publicly. However if ppl want to know more they have to go to your site and sign up. This fact alone is bs bc it's all of us (supporter and dissenter) that gave you our money and you are dictating when and where and how we get our information from you? Seriously? If it wasn't for US, YOU wouldn't be doing this project yet you feel that you can dictate to us how we get our information? That says a lot about you and going forward w your company. "AGENT is a fashion product, but most of the work we do is extremely technical. Based on comments (or lack thereof) from the most technical things we post, we know that most backers are not super-interested in the code infrastructure or the technology we're creating to make AGENT a reality." Oh really? A bunch of us are interested in the technical aspects bc quite frankly we want to know details of what we backed. Also going forward you may not want to "assume" what us backers ks want to know. Tells us everything and you don't have to worry about "assuming what we do and don't want to hear about this product. Plus a nice bonus on that end for you, is that you come off like you actually care and hold respect for us backers by actually being consistent with the public. Effectively doing a 180 on what so far has been tremendously worthless communication attempt. "So we don't talk about it often--and that leaves backers out of a huge portion of the process. We're aiming to rectify that, although I'm guessing that the technical stuff will bore many backers." Again, how do you know unless you do it? Instead you keep quiet, ignore the ppl who get you to where you are and are selective and elitist in who and what you answer. Case in point I asked multiple questions earlier that never got regarded and even ignored in your pm. "On comments...I am more than happy to provide additional insights into the process, the product we're creating together, etc. If we don't post to the Comments page for a while, it's usually because we're (a) super-focused getting AGENT ready for production; (b) using our spare time to respond to PMs; etc." That's not the reasons you gave the public and instead you want ppl to go to your website to get the information they are looking for? Really? "We're not perfect (or maybe anywhere near perfect) on the communication front, but we're trying." Prove it publicly here. No April update yet? Why? Because you're answering too many pm's? So if no one pm'ed you, you would talk more publicly here? Or was your inability to communicate publicly bc you were more focused on your website and getting Agent ready for production? If that's the case then what updates do you have to share? If you can't give the public any updates of the month of April, how can you honestly expect the public to trust anything you say moving forward? These are genuine questions I'm asking here. You want to prove to your backers that you are trying to improve and want to improve your communication to the backers who got you where you are? Answer this: What information did you and Roma discuss regarding Agent that he refuses to tell us? What is the information that is selectively being withheld from all of the backers? "I thank you for your patience." I'm sure you do. "Chris" Brent Oh and writing code. *snaps fingers* Darn...I was hoping to do more than the unofficial promotion I'm currently doing. Oh well. I'll keep on keeping on and by that I mean continuing my 80's slow clap for Chris. @ Creator - thanks for not acknowledging any comments about your forums or answering any negative comments. You instead ignore almost every negative statement with your elitist attitude. You are a joke. trying to be observant of the link next to Post comment... It is 8:07 cst 4/28. I just PMed Creator. This post is for reference. +1 to Daniel Chang. Hey @creator, I'm the PR director for a hackerspace. I would EAGERLY, EAGERLY!!! Volunteer my resources/abilities for absolutely nothing. I'll sign an NDA if I have too. I don't want anything in return. I want to help. This user's account has been deleted. Tell you what Chris @creator. An easy way to get updates/information out is to write a bloody update post or put a comment up. No I will not go to the forums for my news and updates I signed up on kickstarter and expect to come here for my info. AGENT  you will see that I have been fairly supportive of your side of the issues raised here for a good while. I must however be very clear: if you persist with referring us backers to your own website for any frequent and/or substantial information on your progress on delivering what we gave $1M of our money to you for, you will lose that support. Not that I would delude myself for a second with thinking that this actually means one iota to you, but at least, clarity has now been served. . Anyone perusing my profile will see that I have backed a few projects here. Quite many of these have wanted to do the same  move the substance of updates to an external site. Few have in the end done so. Why? Because, beyond what has already been said here, if everyone did it, quite many backers beside myself would find themselves in a position of having a full-time job just browsing around all the different website trying to stay abreast with what people are doing with their money! Many creators have realised that it is not a sustainable proposition. The problem here isn't that you fellows have used the backer communication resources here on KS to their fullest, hit a ceiling, and now for that reason need to find a better solution. You used this platform efficiently enough during funding. The problem is that you have since all but ceased using it! If you indeed are as eager to communicate as you say, I suggest you get back to using KS to do it properly. If, after a few months, it turns out that you indeed do hit a ceiling, let us revisit the issue. But this is not the time  first, you fellows need to rebuild this community's confidence in what you are doing. Told you. This Forum is as much a failure as the Update here... Well, apparently my thanks were premature. Not anything worth reading there. I still think the forum is a better place than here for discussion, as the Kick starter comments page is terrible (not Agents fault). I still think they could post an update on the page here then say join us on the forum to discuss it. However, I'd have expected better updates than the one on the forum so far. I think the backers who are commenting are more worried about when the watch will appear, so an update on software (why has that been delayed as well?) isn't really timely. @Creator, you chose to use Kickstarter to raise funds. Thousands of people loved your project enough to put their money on you. You now owe your awesome backers about 5,400 watches which are already 3-4 months late and look like being at least 7-8 months late. During the fundraising campaign you were very quick to respond to comments and questions and you promised great ongoing communication and updates. That has not been happening. Your hope to move the discussion over to your forum is couched in terms of being for backers' convenience. Do you really think you're saving us from a lot of boring technical detail? We can always skip over anything. Is searchability such a big deal? Maybe for the developers but they wouldn't be the majority of your backers. One problem with trying to move everything over to your forum is that you have total control over what stays on there. The heavy hand of censorship was very real on the Pebble forum so don't you think you're just fuelling conspiracy theories? You have two days to meet your promise of putting out a major KS Update this month, with lots to talk about according to your facebook post. I hope you haven't emptied your writing fuel tank on your latest couple of comments here. Please deliver what you promised. I do see your point about discussion on technical topics being lost here. So why not put all the watch production stuff on KS updates and the firmware/software development stuff on the forum? They can be cross-referenced easily enough e.g. "for further development info see topic .... on our forum at ...". And if you're afraid of anything getting buried in the KS comments page, just publish any comment you make as a mini-update on the Updates page. That way, everything is together and backers get auto emailed alerting us you've written something. Please reconsider. Step back and try to see it from your backers' perspective. Much of the negativity here is due to your failure to communicate publicly and openly and your solution is not particularly helpful, in my opinion. I found it appalling that the creator comes onto ks just to generate hype for their website under the guise of "this is where you will find information" when the creator is already posting this on an outlet to provide backers that very thing. To me this is very dishonest and I think that this move will undoubtedly work against the creator. I feel that his methods of information development and execution need to be rethought. I also feel due to this dishonesty that the creator starts to offer refunds. Unfortunately I paid using my bank card so I think it's time I start asking my bank if it's possible to recoup my money thanks to the dishonest nature that the creator is showing. @Brent, "conspiracy/incompetence theories" is shorthand for "conspiracy theories and/or incompetence theories". So my use of that phrase was not about your incompetence (if any) but your view of Creator's incompetence e.g. in supposedly not checking out the Plan A backlight supplier thoroughly enough. So, no wow. Please read before you post. The @creators decline to communicate via KS? Could it be ... They just want to generate more traffic on their own website to fake a vital product? If they walk away from KS page, I again want to walk away from the project. Don't bother about their fail of a forum. The notice will drop like a stone and it will be as dead there as the "Update" section here already is. Robert I hope they contact you. Don't be surprised if they don't though. Hey guys I'm moving in the next month so if you guys could contact me I'll get you my new address. Speaking of which, where was the April update? Are we here at ks worthy of getting an official update before May? Have the "monthly" updates been replaced by "you get an update whenever"? This reminds me of a scene in Caddyshack. Backers are saying "we want biweekly updates, we want monthly updates" and you're there saying "you'll get nothing and like it" lol "Now, people here "know" that there is information and answers to be had, but that it is being intentionally withheld." Yup that is true. And everything could be classified as conspiracy given I'm not the creator and neither are you. So Roma your theory holds just as much weight as mine do. The difference is you being insulting when all I did was ask questions. You look to start fights by labeling ppl's opinions and questions that go against your own. It's a free world mate, get used to ppl having their own thoughts, ideas and opinions that differ from yours. You think me asking questions is incompetence? Wow. Lol that is very laughable. Anyways onto more important issues than Roma deliberately withholding information. From the Creator "We really enjoy engaging with our backers one-on-one via PM." Is there a reason you don't like engaging the public? "Several backers have PM'd us, expressing concern that most updates either don't get published (because they're via PM) or they get buried quickly on the Comments page." I'm thinking that several backers pm'd you expressing a total lack of communication, not bc your updates get buried in the comments or bc they are done via pm. That's wrong. "So we've been working on a way to get more updates to backers more frequently. " Great! So you are going to communicate here more frequently or...???? "The first step on this path is a new "News and Announcements" section we have created on the AGENT forums, where we will be posting more frequent updates to engage more closely with backers." Huh? You are going to communicate more frequently but not here? "Some of these updates will be "rolled up" into the official "Kickstarter Updates" which get auto-emailed to backers, and some of them will be additional information available to backers who want to be more deeply engaged with the project." So only SOME updates will come to the Kickstarter outlet? Why not all? Why are you being selective? "So if you would like to stay on top of ALL of the latest-and-greatest with AGENT, simply go here, sign in and click on "follow this forum": <url>" Lmao are you kidding me? So you want all backers who are looking for communication to go sign up at your site instead of having you ignore your backers here that have been waiting for you to communicate here? "We have also created a new "Kickstarter Project" forum, where backers can ask questions about our Kickstarter project, while we work together getting AGENT ready for production: <url>" Oh woo hoo! You know you didn't have to create a separate section on your forum bc guess what? They allow you to do updates here on ks! What a concept! It saved you time and effort bc it was already in place! Oh and those updates don't get "lost" like you claim comments do. "Since the forums are community forums, we will be able to answer each others' questions there--and I will help respond to posts as well." What prevented you from doing that here? "Most importantly: the forums are searchable--so as we explore your questions, others will be able to benefit from them in the future. If there are some very-frequently-asked-questions, we can compile a FAQ and make it a sticky post." Lol this is most important to you? Searching is more important than updating ks backers here at ks? "We are here, reading and responding to your PMs, and working to get our collective AGENT Kickstarter project into production. Based on your feedback, we are taking steps to help provide you with more updates more frequently--and we will continue to evolve our communication strategy to be able to engage our awesome backers even more." I'm sorry but I have to ask: "are you scared to talk in a public setting?" Why not have the ppl who pm you regarding questions and concerns post up their conversations here on ks? Because it seems like we will get more information that way. "In summary: if you have questions about our Kickstarter project, please post them in the Kickstarter forum at forums.agentwatches.com. If backers post questions here on the Comments page, we will try to correlate those comments to the Q&A section...but our focus will be on making effective use of backer time by keeping Q&A in one organized, searchable place." What you really meant was: "In summary what you are saying is that you don't want to publicly communicate w backers here, even though it was all our money that got you here, and instead you want to focus on generating traffic for your website by effectively slamming the door of communication closed on the ks community and just, in essence, slip bits and pieces of information under the door whenever you feel we are worthy enough to know them?" Yes? No? You want people to PM you, sign up on your forums, yet you deliver next to nothing in terms of any real content or information. Sorry but your attitude is coming off as highly elitist. Don't take an "I'm holier than thou approach" bc in the long run that will backfire completely. "Thank you as always for your support," You sir have lost my support completely. I feel that this is being handled dishonestly and you are more focused on generating traffic and unique visits and website stats than providing backers public information here on ks. That other "Forum" is a mega-fail. There is less update info than here. And, so much is true, if there is even less info on this site (Hell, how could they do THAT?) people will be ranting even more HERE. And so will I. THIS is the place. But then again, unless the @Creator will advertize his so-called "forum" on a daily basis, his "post" will sink like a stone. A dozen posts or so later and it will be off the front page and lost in the oblivion of KS comments. The sad thing is there aren't very many updates on the forum either (*sigh). Secret Labs, I'll work for $1 a day to be the head of Kickstarter PR for Agent Smartwatch. All I require is information on this project and what I could or couldn't say. I can spin things to satisfy both you and my fellow backers. I promise to not be condescending or be unempathetic. Wow. What a waste. Lmao the creator signed on just to say, in essence, "go to our website and sign up on our forums if you want any updates" and "We really enjoy engaging with our backers one-on-one via PM." But not the public? Why? What a fail. Lol trying to drive traffic to your site so you deliberately gut the communication here on your ks page? Wow, yup this is going in my review. I have to agree with @Karsten, updates should be posted here, and only here. It seems that there already exists a fragmentation issue where you break your backers into two classifications. Putting the 'fashion' updates here, with the 'technical' updates somewhere else leads to information being lost, misunderstood, and misinterpreted. All the information needs to be presented in one place, and that lets the backers and interested parties decide for themselves if an update is important to them or not. I have seen this issue of communication come up many times, and it never ends well. I do appreciate you having an external forums for developers who are key stakeholders in the AGENT. Any and all updates regarding the technology development, schedule, cost issues, changes in the leather grain on the wristband, anything regarding this product, until the backers have it in their hands, needs to be posted here first. If nothing else, it allows you to control the flow of information. Otherwise, the chickens get restless and you get the paranoia that is starting to run rampant here. One of my very first posts on here was, off the back of Pebble, don't put comments in several places as it becomes confusing and annoying. I also suggested not using this comments section as it's impossible to search, you can't edit posts, things get lost etc. Using their own forum is a positive step in communication, although that approach needs to be communicated to all backers by email. The key thing now is that someone from the team responds to questions on a regular basis. I'd also suggest, as others have said, avoid the sales pitch and be direct, open and honest. Wasn't one of the biggest complaints about Pebble that they moved communication away from Kickstarter and to a forum, which lead to different information in different places and ultimately more places to check? Once again I will defer to Almond+ which seems to have no problem communicating with their 7,606 backers via Kickstarter. The difference is they log in multiple times per day and respond directly to questions. Pretty much every question is answered, including ones where they don't necessarily like the answer they can give. @Creator Thank you for the "update", but I do not see any reason to move Updates away from this platform at all. Forums are a good and positive way to communicate, but the only "official" way to provide updates is HERE. Given the slow process and the general lack of information, I would really appreciate a rundown of the project status. What has been achieved, where are we now, what are the next milestones, what are best case/worst case estimates. @Creator Thanks. This was needed and it appreciated. Personally, I do not bother to look for bits of information somewhere. THIS is the place where the creator should give us updates, not some murky forums in the backwaters of the web. HERE is where we've paid, HERE is where we are and HERE - on the Update page - is where I expect to find updates. At least something is happening: <url>#18) No info, no assumption of progress. How long, in your opinion, will it take to provide us with a weekly update? A two-to-three-liner - as there can not be more to say, given the speed this project proceeds? How long monthly? Half an hour? An hour? Respect to the backers could be shown with that. But they decided not to. The communication pattern hasn't changed since the project started (look at what they do, not what they originally said) . If they don't care about their backers now, they didn't then either. However, I strongly believe that the creators want to get out a good product quickly - there is nothing to gain from a very public failure. Remember, their goal is to deliver a successful product - not to keep a bunch of backers happy with updates. I'd definitely prefer better updates, but my primary goal is to get a watch, not have extra stuff to read. Update might be very soon. Creator logged in today. @Roma go and continue defending Agent... Maybe this will get you up the list of backers getting their rewards. I do not think that we can not be more disrespected. We are ignored. Utterly ignored and not taken seriously. And - again - I state that I get my enjoyment from the theatre here. HoH and SL do not give a damn about us anymore. And there is a failure and a sign of utter disrespect from HoH and SL in every minute they chose to ignore us and to avoid communication. @Karsten, you might not enjoy damage to your wallet but clearly you would enjoy damage to Secret Labs e.g. "bring on even more failures and backer disrespect". You want them to fail and suffer humiliation and other harm. You're arguing all over the place but those words were yours and were said less than a week ago. read: yes understand: no once again, since I have paid some serious amount of hard-earned cash and I have no option of being refunded and the chance of a successful release of Agent is dwindling by the day, having Schadenfreude will not help at all as in the end it would be damage "Schaden" to my wallet and I do not get enjoyment "Freude" out of that. Sorry, I am a native German speaker and I do know the native and original concept of "Schadenfreude". Schadenfreude does not fit the bill here. Karsten Topp re AGENT April 24: This is priceless and it would definitively be worth every single Penny of the $1 minimum pledge. Unfortunately, my $200 pledge will not give me snacks and cocktails with that, but you can't have it all. So, from my point of view, HoH and Secret labs, bring one (sic) even more failures and backer disrespect. Karsten Topp re Omate Truesmart April 24: -- Ditto except change of names -- Oh yes, I can read and I do understand. ....out of the comments, indeed! Please read and understand. And there is a tragicomedy, which differs from a comedy.... Karsten Topp re AGENT 30 minutes ago : Schadenfreude is when you take pleasure out of somebodies (sic) mishap. I do not take pleasure out of Agent's mishap. Karsten Topp re AGENT April 24: The longer this tragical comedy of a KS project will go on, the more enjoyment I will get from the comments. And to all the angry and frustrated backers: Get the pitchforks out, bring on tar and feathers ... I expect some action! Karsten Topp re Omate Truesmart April 24: The longer this tragical comedy of a KS project will go on, the more enjoyment I will get from the comments. And to all the angry and frustrated backers: Get the pitchforks out, bring on tar and feathers ... I expect some action! @Roma, Schadenfreude is when you take pleasure out of somebodies mishap. I do not take pleasure out of Agent's mishap. I want information about the past, present and puture of this project. At best, I want to receive my reward one year after the planned start of delivery - that is June 2014. At worst, I would want to receive a public apology and a partial refund. Until then, I will be calling for pitchforks, tar and feathers. @Karsten, for someone who says they're not into schadenfreude, you sure seem to like calling for the pitchforks. @Jussi, I did not say that I received specific information or answers. In those particular PMs we exchanged opinions about communication, that's all. Obviously, our views remain quite different or there would be much more communication than we've been getting here. i have expressed my views about Creator's communication publicly as well as privately. @Jussi it is, what it is. This project has had it's share of dead ends and overruns. If there is a million to spend, the money will only go so far. Unless HoH and SL will continue to fund Agent, it is only a matter of foreseeable time until the pledges are used up. As long as there is no production, there will be no money coming in. As long as there is no money coming in, existing funds will dwinde until there is not enough money for - expensive - tooling left. Once that point has been reached. all Agent/HoH/SL can do is either partially refund the backers or use the rest of the money up, keeping a few people employed for a few months. You don't have to be a clearvoyant to see that. @Karsten -- that is a fantastic post! The way how your "easily envision" rapidly segues into a series of categorical statements, ending in an irrefutable prediction and a call for action ... all, in the end, still only based on your "envisioned" (read, "speculated") state of affairs ... is a masterpiece of contemporary rhetorical prose! In that case Roma, I fear it probably would have been better if you had never alluded to receiving the information in the first place. Now, people here "know" that there is information and answers to be had, but that it is being intentionally withheld. Given the fact that a million is not what it used to be, I can easily envision that one or two ... let's call it "less lucky management decisions" together with added fixed costs due to staffing have already used up all the money. THis project is seriously over time and wages still have to be paid. Since there is no production, there will be no income from "aftermarket sales" and since Agent is so much yesteryear's technology and "vintage" in a world of Motorola, Samsung, Sony and (possibly) Apple Smartwatches 2.0 and even 3.0... In short: this is going to end in a nasty way for us backers. Agent will fold, HoH and SL will not cover up for the losses and we will have lost money, faith in crowdfunding and - obviously - our reward. Time to bury this project and bring out the pitchforks... @Jussi, thanks for your "informed conjecture". It makes so much sense and counters some of Brent's conspiracy/incompetence theories. I'm not going to ask Creator for permission to release to other people anything he said to me. But you or Brent or anyone else can ask him yourself. No skin off my nose. I'm just keen to get the next Update which I hope will help to allay the concerns of many of us. @Jussi - thank you for shedding some light into the details into this process! Like you said, even though it's not first hand at least it's knowledgable info. I agree when ya said this: "Ask him, Roma. Check if he's okay with you sharing information. Because if it turns out that he is not only less than diligent with updates, but actively withholding information from the backer community ... I very much fear this place will turn ugly in a way that we have not seen yet." That's very true. In reading the technical portions of these fellows' updates, I have the advantage of not being a layperson. Working with various aspects of design, development, and production of hi-tech electronic devices is what I've been doing for a living for the last decade and a half. In the lamentable  nay, deplorable  absence of active communication from the Creator, I shall therefore attempt to provide some explanation to some of the information in the last update, thereby hopefully filling in some of the information void expressed in these comments. It is still of course merely conjecture, not solid first-hand information, but it IS at least informed conjecture: . First a note on terminology: Chris talks about Plan A "light-guide film" vs. Plan B "backlight". To me, these are just different backlight technologies; LGF (light guide film) vs. LGP (light guide plate, or panel). I will henceforth just refer to both solutions as "backlight unit", or BLU, which is after all what you build with them. It seems that Agent may have laminated the LGF BLU directly to the display, whereas the LGP BLU may behave architecturally a bit more like a separate component. . There is a huge difference between the companies, and even divisions within companies, that design technology and those that manufacture it. The developers can be expected to have shops and labs where they can build and test things, in single units, mostly by hand. At most, they could be expected to be able to make a few handfuls at a time. Full production facilities and equipment on the other hand, is something that only the volume production plant would have. It would therefore need to be a truly remarkable operation to actually have a full clean room at their office... There are a few of those companies around, but for them the clean room tends to be absolutely critical for the technology they're developing, not 90% cosmetic, as seems to be the case here. And consequently, the sample production only moved to a clean room when they started making them in large enough batches to warrant making them at the production facility rather than in the office. That is how I interpret the information. . Parts like these backlights are always custom made. Even though the technology is "standard", meaning that it is in production and is used in several applications, each display design that uses the technology will have its own custom designed BLU. The same is true for the Agent's BLU, whichever technology it uses. Any custom part in volume production will require custom tooling  moulds, fixtures, etc. The sentence, "That backlight design is now complete, enabling us to make molds (which we will then use to create production backlights)" thus means that the process of adapting the Plan B BLU technology for application in Agent, which they started in December when the Plan A BLU started looking iffy and nailed down a partner for in February, had come to the point where they could start ordering the production tooling required to manufacture the custom Plan B BLU's. . Changing a major component from one technology and form factor to radically different one will require some redesign. If you're designing a thin form factor device, and change a 0.1mm thick BLU with one set of connectors to a 1.0mm thick BLU with a different set of connectors, but don't want the full extra 0.9mm (which is a lot, under these circumstances), plus whatever other re-positioned components (e.g. connectors) the switch entailed, impacting on the thickness of the device, then there will be some rearranging (or "structural remodeling") done within the casing. And this means that the internal mechanics of the casing  where and how components attach to the casing, how the parts of the casing mate together to accommodate components that get sandwiched between them, etc  must be redesigned. Which cannot happen until the BLU design is firmly and thoroughly nailed down. And before this is all done, it is not advisable to order production tooling for the casing. Tooling is expensive. You DON'T want to have redo any of it just because you jumped the gun in order to placate a bunch of impatient stakeholders breathing down your back... . It seems clear to me that Agent has firmly switched tracks from the Plan A BLU to Plan B. With all the changes in the architecture that this has entailed, you wouldn't be able to just rewind and start installing the LGF BLU's instead, once that technology is mature, without redoing all the casing tooling (not to mention, scrapping the investment in the LGP BLU tooling). Not going to happen, in my assessment. It is of course highly likely that they are keeping a close eye on the LGF development for possible incorporation if a future AGENT-point-two, but that will be a whole different product anyway. Ask him, Roma. Check if he's okay with you sharing information. Because if it turns out that he is not only less than diligent with updates, but actively withholding information from the backer community ... I very much fear this place will turn ugly in a way that we have not seen yet. @Brent, i have had maybe 10 PM exchanges with Chris Walker since this project appeared on Kickstarter. In at least 3 of them I criticised the communication and made specific suggestions. The most recent of those was within the last fortnight. Not for me to reveal publicly what he said privately. @Roma - you're right which is why I said multiple times it's open to interpretation. In terms if becoming a faithful supporter you're right, however I'm not looking at this from a watch standpoint. I'm looking at this from a developer point. It's always been fun to see what companies release and how the public twists and develops new ways if using existing architecture. Case in point, I remember using a ms Kinect to control lights at a show I dj'ed at last year and that blew ppls minds. I think if there is any hope for a future for this product, it rests in the hands of others but even then it's a gamble w many bigger companies out there pouring 100x or more resources into that very same thing. Another example. The creator said that this new company came recommended yet failed to deliver, multiple times. Cool that they kept standards high, but: 1) who recommended them? 2) was any backer money used in any part of this recommended company? If so, how much was spent and how was it spent? 3) researching a company before hand is crucial, so what research was done on this company before even agreeing to the test material? What research did your company do or was it solely based off a "recommendation"? If just a recommendation I'm sry but that seems to really shake my confidence that the creator would be so cavalier with other ppls money. 4) why not go with the plan b company first instead of gambling on a company that couldn't manufacture an electronic component without a clean room? 5) why do you neglect the public here on your ks page? 6) why have you faltered from your initial communication that you (creator) would be very vocal and provide consistent communication? 7) what is your response to backers who feel that this product was falsely represented in the beginning just to obtain funding? What evidence can you provide for that answer? Do I think ANY of these questions will be answered? Not a chance in hell. Do I think these are valid questions? Of course. I have more confidence of winning the lottery than the creator answering those questions. If you say you've said this to him personally, 1) when did you say this to him? 2) what did you say to him? 3) what was his response? Hope to at least see an update every other week to understand if the timeline is slipping again, or else, something better might come up & backers might lose faith of getting the reward intended at time. I'm hoping to see the progress update more frequently, 3 quarters delay is too bad, it'll be worse with silence or infrequent update even though the challenge is being resolved. @Brent, what you said was theory too. Also, how did you get the impression I was OK with the lack of communication? I have publicly criticised that aspect of the project several times, and as recently as 3 days ago. You would have read that. I have said it privately to him too. Creator would go a long way to appease some detractors by improving communication, but I gather you'd not be one of them. @Edward - hopefully. Nothing is guaranteed. A plan was in place before this project ended which is why a lot of us backed bc we had confidence in the plan that was provided to the public and the promise of consistent and frequent communication made us feel better. Then we see that the plan that was originally presented wasn't true bc there needed to be far more developing plans than what we were told so what happens then? Then plans change and the creator seemingly disappears and falls through on their plan and communication. There is no logical reason to adhere to August as the magical time that we will see this launch, so asking us to be a believer or supporter is not logical based off of the actions and lack of actions by the creator. @Roma- Yes what you said is theory. "Here's my theory. Something akin to Plan B would have been Plan A but, when Creator got 10 times the KS backing he expected, the light-guide film became a viable option and it would have been a nice surprise for us. However, as it turned out, the new film was not properly sorted by the supplier for the large-scale manufacturing process they needed to make their new product viable." Theory yes, but as the creator stated this company came recommended to provide a solution that would have been fantastic. I doubt that this company that has gone through multiple attempts of producing product for free. "Creator was attracted by the thinness of the film and the further power-saving it offered. So he rolled the dice. If my theory is correct, we will get what we were going to get rather than the extra benefits of the film." If that theory is true, why then even have a delay? So he rolled the dice? Well I'm glad all of us backed him the ability to gamble. Sorry but that is not a good business practice in any field. "Who's to say Plan B is not still cutting edge? 1mm thick seems pretty thin to me (a layperson). Plan A apparently remains over the horizon. Also, who's to say that Creator invested anything other than his time in Plan A? Or, if he has, whether it's "our" money or some of his profits from his Netduino manufacturing business? Maybe he has another use in mind for the film if and when it becomes commercially available." If plan B was cutting edge, then why not go with that in the beginning? Why ignore the backers and gamble with our money? A lot of what you have said is your "theory" and not fact. I though asked simple questions based off of official information and all the questions are valid and like I said open to interpretation. I guarantee that if they said upfront "hey invest in this watch, we don't have molds yet or even backlighting solved but we will gamble and hope to get you something cool!" They wouldn't get nearly as much $$$. Which is why I said at the end of my post that "I backed this project I was originally under the impression (provided by the information that the creator presented at the beginning) that I was not providing cash for your company to experiment with different products and different companies. I feel that this project has been falsely advertised to the public in order to gain funds needed for manufacturing this product. " "I don't think our differing theories are incompatible with anything Creator has said. The difference is that you're a detractor and I'm a supporter." Yep, and for the life of me I can't imagine why you are? You listed reasons before yet apparently feel that this lack of communication, delays, and inability to secure public confidence is still ok? Still 80's slowclapping for Chris Walker. Support of makers is positively unwavering. #ISupportChris @roma +99 i am with you man. Every time i come back all i see is... battles. People support the project... dont loose hope. A plan has been put in motion and we should have a product by august... lets be patient. @Brent, good post. Here's my theory. Something akin to Plan B would have been Plan A but, when Creator got 10 times the KS backing he expected, the light-guide film became a viable option and it would have been a nice surprise for us. However, as it turned out, the new film was not properly sorted by the supplier for the large-scale manufacturing process they needed to make their new product viable. Creator was attracted by the thinness of the film and the further power-saving it offered. So he rolled the dice. If my theory is correct, we will get what we were going to get rather than the extra benefits of the film. Who's to say Plan B is not still cutting edge? 1mm thick seems pretty thin to me (a layperson). Plan A apparently remains over the horizon. Also, who's to say that Creator invested anything other than his time in Plan A? Or, if he has, whether it's "our" money or some of his profits from his Netduino manufacturing business? Maybe he has another use in mind for the film if and when it becomes commercially available. I don't think our differing theories are incompatible with anything Creator has said. The difference is that you're a detractor and I'm a supporter. Sorry for the length of this post. Going over the comments and the last public update, I had some questions and concerns. The quotes are from the last public update over a month ago. Here we go! "So we needed to create a custom backlight." Ok "To minimize power consumption, we teamed up with a highly-recommended lighting company that makes innovative light-guide film for reflective displays." Who did you team up with? "We received the first hand-built production samples of the light-guide film in January. We had some concerns about visibility of the film's dot patterns (which should be invisible) obscuring the display's pixels. The film was glossy (whereas we need matte film). We had some contrast and viewing angle concerns. And there was dust behind the displaycapturing big points of lightas the sample was hand-assembled in an office rather than on a clean-room production line. Over the subsequent two and a half months, we have continued collaborating with the supplier as they worked through the visibility issues, moved to a production clean room environment and prepared the light-guide film for mass production (so that we could then put the AGENT Smartwatch into production)." This company was highly recommended when they originally didn't have a clean room? Hmmmm... Who recommended them? "So when our backlight supplier missed our December deadline for production backlights, we moved quickly to secure a second backlight option." Ok so now we are moving onto plan B? "But after a lot of calls and referrals, we found an expert engineering team at a Fortune 500 company who could create the custom backlight to our specifications. Since February we have worked with that team to designmechanically, electronically and opticallya second, traditional backlight. That backlight design is now complete, enabling us to make molds (which we will then use to create production backlights)." So you go w another company to produce something that you are going to make your molds? Are you still wasting time w your previous lighting company? "As of today, the main lighting supplier we have been working with since last year is still working through a few final issues, and is not yet ready for production." I guess that's a yes then. Why? "So as of this morning we are moving forward towards production again, but using our new backlight instead of the very-cool-but-not-yet-manufacturable light-guide film." So your cutting edge watch is going backwards in terms of quality of manufacturing? "Because the new backlight is 1mm thick instead of ~0.1mm thick, and because our watch is so compact, this requires that we do some structural remodeling inside the watch. The mechanical engineers have identified a few different options, and we are choosing between them now." So if I'm not mistaken you are going w a non cutting edge plan b backlight situation yet still pour money into this original cutting edge light film (of which according to you creator, none of us will get in our watches)? And why again are you ignoring backers here in a public forum and why again are you not offering refunds? Sorry but when I backed this project I was originally under the impression (provided by the information that the creator presented at the beginning) that I was not providing cash for your company to experiment with different products and different companies. I feel that this project has been falsely advertised to the public in order to gain funds needed for manufacturing this product. That claim is open to interpretation but in terms of any sort of refund or chargeback I feel that a case based off of misinformation and falsehoods to generate income is def grounds for getting any sort of capital back. @Ben, or you can call him. His number is findable through Google or call HoH and ask Lawrence to put Chris in contact with you. I found both numbers so I guess you can too. NJK. @Karsten, give it a try yourself. A bit better than lawyering up, I think. @Jeffry is right, they made 10 times the amount of money that they were asking for, why are there not more people demanding answers? I for one would like an explanation as to what the hell is taking so long. If this guy is pouring in endless hours to this project like he says he is, why can't he write a little 4 sentence blurb once a week?? I mean he can even call me and I will write it for him if he's shy! JK As long as the creator is not offering any new data, all we can do is reiterate the known unknowns and stay away from the unknown unknowns. Or, bring out pitchforks, tar and feathers and maybe a few lawyers. We have 5,685 backers here, I would be amazed if not one of us is actually a lawyer? @Jeffry Moore, Barnum said it once and now you've said it twice! Exactly the same comment you posted on March 22. Got anything new to say? Unfortunately it appears that we have all been taken advantage of as the information shoveled to us is vague and non-committal. Remember that the KS campaign was to obtain $100,000? What would have happened then? Certainly that with only $100,000, this project would have been dead long ago. Concluding that they had no intention of ever having this project succeed. Now with 10 times that goal, this project should have at the very least have a running prototype. I can not help but conclude that this project is dead, possibly fraudulent. I will be very careful about investing in a project on any crowd funding site. As Barnum said "There's a sucker born every minute" And to be clear, in the backer update that was sent out over a month ago talking about their back light situation... I am pretty unimpressed that this "premium" smart watch, is now using an off the shelf backlight tech, that they could have used from the beginning but instead went down the rabbit hole of this different tech that didn't pan out and delayed their watch 8+ months. Terrible business... Even with HoH involved, I assume this is going to be a cheesy plastic watch with some neat internals. Pebble's Win Phone 8 integration coming, is going to bury Agent unless they figure out how to actually make the watch before Pebble gets their Windows Phone integration fully launched. Man It's been so long that most of the other vendors are running past the agent. By the time this hits the market it will be a full generation old. I almost forgot about my backing on this project. Some day I will get "smart" watch in the mail that most everyone has long forgotten about. Hope there is one or two people still around to develop for it at that point. Checking for an update... No update..... -_- Please give us an update, any update is better than silence. @Michael, who is "us"? Not me. Refund is a best solution for us, we don't want to wait ..... It's now been almost a year since this guy received a million dollars for this project, I'd like to see some detailed pictures of the device and the workshop so that I can see what he's done with it. (Speaking from an investors perspective, not a reward hungry shopper) @Luc Bos, no backer has reported getting a refund. At least one says he has claimed a credit card chargeback but that was over 6 weeks ago and apparently it hasn't happened. Or if it has, he hasn't reported it and he has commented here several times since. His backer name is "Chris" if you want to dig through the comments going back to early March. Has anyone had any luck getting a refund? Is there a way to let mastercard redraw the money? Yep update please Time is money...And we are losing time..There are intangible values that could help put us back on "track" with an update. Tks.. This user's account has been deleted. @Ben, good question. I don't really know. If Creator failed to meet their legal obligation to deliver the rewards, I would probably try to get my money back. How long would I give them? Going by other KS projects, one year late would be too late in my mind unless the delay was caused by upgrading the specs. As for taking a chance with "this unknown man", I checked Chris Walker out before pledging. He and his company are not only known, they are widely respected in their industry and I judged they had what it takes to produce a well-engineered and lovely smartwatch. I still think that. I own a Pebble and regard it as a commodity smartwatch. If it lasts a few more months I'll be OK about it. I followed Omate closely and that was and is an over-hyped hunk of junk sold by a couple of incompetents who wouldn't know the truth if they fell over it. Nothing else out there compares with the promised attributes of Agent that appeal to me, as per the list I posted here a few days ago. @ROMA, You have been posting to this page from the beginning of this project, you must have read most if not every single comment. I'd like to know at what point (or what it would take) for YOU to finally throw the towel in? I understand that Kickstarter is not a store and that everyone here took a chance with this unknown man (company?), but what amount of time will have to pass in order for you to give up on this project? that's great feedback, thank you. We're limiting our delivery tiers to help ensure on-time delivery, and we're very cognizant about good communication. We can't promise to answer every e-mail within minutes, but we'll try to get back to you the same day. And if this thing really really takes off, we'll hire a few friends and make sure we take good care of you. If we ever fail at that, let us know and we'll work through it together. So glad to have you along on the journey. Thank you for your support! May 21 2013 on AGENT: The World's Smartest Watch. Just sent a simple pm: "Why do you not not allow for refunds? Why do you not communicate more with the ks public comments and updates section?" 2 very easy, straightforward questions. Let's see if they get answered instead of some "run around" garbage, if they get answered at all? At this point I think that the lack of communication has already caused the company a very public and significant black eye, however not all is lost. I don't feel that providing public information now on a monthly basis is enough to pull this company out of the fire, but I do feel that if they do offer refunds to backers then there is a chance that their public image can be salvaged. With such blatant neglect to those who helped make this happen, it almost feels like they forgot that it was all of us backing this through ks that made this even possible to begin with. However obvious neglect and "selective answering" via pm gives off an elitist feeling that personally doesn't sit well w me. Do I think that they will offer refunds? Not a chance. Their actions almost seem cowardly. I use netduino in several of my pet projects due to the ease of development using visual studio over eclipse. I've asked questions on SL forums and had replies from creator promptly. So when SL announced this project, I trusted them and given them my support. I honestly would have to say that my trust in SL is nearly completely gone after all these failed promises with a severe lack of effective communication. And the drama brewing here makes me hate to still be part of this; so many condescending comments to each other and telling folks here that they don't know what the spirit of Kickstarter is while acknowledging that there is a lack of communication. Someone here recently mentioned another project (Almond+) with significant delays which I too support; and I'm still supporting it happily. If Almond want to start another Kickstarter project, I'll most likely support them too; they communicated well and offered refunds prior to people asking for refunds. I don't know if it's too late, SL could do a lot of damage control by following Almond's example. As for now, I will never support anything else from SL or would I ever recommend netduino development to anybody. @Matthew Yep, the updates would be much easier for @Creator if they'd drop the marketing hype with every post. As @Roma suggested a while back, I asked my question via PM and got a response (which doesn't really answer the question in any way, but it's better than nothing, I guess): Q: Does the delay until August mean that all the watches will be shipped then, or just the "December" watches? --- A: We're still catching up on e-mails, but we'll try to catch up on some of the comments after that. We tend to make sure we take care of one-on-one engagement first...and we use the comments page to understand what topics backers would like us to cover most in the Kickstarter Updates. On fulfillment...these watches are premium devices and quite a bit goes into manufacturing and testing each one. We do have a physical limits on production speed, and we will push to get them out to backers expeditiously. Thanks again for your support; we really appreciate it. When i contacted you before the campaign you assured me that you were on track to go into to production immediately, yet why was so much time and money invested in something that the backers are never going to receive! Yet our money was used for it along with our expected shipping time was pushed because of it. That doesn't sound very fair does it? and what milestones have been crossed? From what i have read and seen the only thing that has been accomplished is time and resources being used on something we are never going to get unless we buy a later gen of your watch. If you would communicate with your backers on kickstarter so we all know the same information it would be more beneficial to the whole group, knowledge is not something you should give to some and not to all. Lastly how long till production begins? Oh and I forgot, they said earlier this week there'd be an update out today, when I woke up this morning and checked my email there was an update waiting for me. Keeping little promises like that go a long way. Those who can be trusted with little can be trusted with much. I've had no response from my bank on my chargeback initiated 3/28/14. From initial discussions it appears they agree that the basis for the claim is well founded. For what it's worth I backed Almond+ router (<url>"update" will be: Another delay as the backlight was produced the other way around and it now illuminates the PCP, not the display. But we engineered a mirror system that will allow you to watch the screen from the back instead of the front of the watch. All we need is a change in the software and a slight design change in the watch cases. The major problems will be that we need a new manufacturing process for the micro-mirrors and a redesign of the UI to print and display everything backwards in mirror image. We are absolutely sure that this will have no effect on battery life, but we will need to re-validate our QI charging coils. We expect the delay to be at best another 12-18 months. Thank you for your continous support! just had a conversation with Lawrence, feel much better, next batch of info is forthcoming :) #refund He hasnt posted a single response on here in how long 3 weeks? But yet if you go to his Netduino forums, just look at this one forum alone (<url>s posting there a dozen plus times a week and there are 9+ other forums besides that one there. He's mighty active in support of his main company! Make of it what you will. Backers aren't a priority. He won't give refunds, nobody is going to sue over $200 (which is KS's policy if the Creator doesn't fulfill, the impact is in their words 1.) loss of reputation and 2.) potential law suits from backers). At least Kreyos offered refunds when they missed their deadlines badly: To bad there is so much excitement and so many reservations coming in daily that he cant do what they did: <url>~4 weeks so Agent wont be the first watch with 3 OS support. I'd be willing to bet the pebble guys get it working before Agent hits meaning at best Agent will be 2nd to market, probably 3rd to market if I had to bet. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Guys, since I had similar experiences with Pebble, Omate, Firefly Blue Laser and ... Agent, I decided to change my position. I do not expect anything from these KS projects, not even receiving my "reward", I will just get into "Waldorf & Stadtler" mode, retreat on my balcony and watch the tragedy unfold. This is priceless and it would definitively be worth every single Penny of the $1 minimum pledge. Unfortunately, my $200 pledge will not give me snacks and cocktails with that, but you can't have it all. So, from my point of view, HoH and Secret labs, bring one even more failures and backer disrespect. The longer this tragical comedy of a KS project will go on, the more enjoyment I will get from reading the comments. And to all the angry and frustrated backers: Get the pitchforks out, bring on tar and feathers ... I expect some action! I think the phrase we are all looking for is They constantly set themselves low standards which they fail to live up to @Paul - as per the last official update this is where the creator "claims" to start shipping the watches. "August 2014 - regulatory clearance; begin production and fulfillment of smartwatch rewards" So "IF" that is true, that's when you can expect the watch to ship. Granted there has been 0 public communication from the creator for a while so pls take that August timeframe w a grain of salt. Hope your wife enjoys her watch, and based off of the "August" time table you may be better off just going w a matching watch, and selling your agent on eBay if you and your wife both want watches in the more immediate future. Could you please give us an update on the current status? Since I'm giving my wife a Samsung Gear 2 Neo next week, I feel I'm lacking behind. @ James - you're not alone good sir. Well said! Hi @creator - requesting a refund. I really didn't want to have to grab a pitch fork on this project, but I feel you've forced my hand. I'm sorry to say it, but I am just over this project and its management. I backed this watch because it was innovative and exiting and, if I'm being honest, I wanted to be the first one of my friends to have one. Now as other watches have better tech (color displays, cameras, etc.), companies are designing better looking face/bands, and the fact that half my friends have or are getting "Galaxy Gear," I honestly regret this decision. Not to mention the fact that communication is lacking and when it does happen it's only to announce more delays and essentially give us filler information. As per the Kickstarter FAQs, "If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers." I think it's time for both. I think that there is a consistent lack of consistency when it comes to public communication on behalf of the creators. When was the last comment in this public forum from the creators? As of now I believe it's 26 days ago. What about public updates? It's been almost a month. I can see where being obtuse with communication can be frustrating. Communication via pm? A lot of ppl are being ignored (granted we don't know the content of the msgs however in a business you have to deal w good and bad both, not just ignore the bad and answer the good). When you show though, a lack of consistent communication, it unf leaves the situation open to interpretation from the public. They may be incorrect in their viewpoints but with no official word from the creator, there's nothing to counter these points. Is it so hard to communicate in a public setting? There's no need for constant updates if nothing is taking place, but to go almost a month without addressing the public in this public forum and being "selective" when it comes to responding to ppl's pms doesn't look good. Consistency in transparency or addressing the public is key and they haven't shown it. @Rick - They didn't just order parts, they still had many critical design decisions and parts testing to do. It was presented as though they'd figured out all of that and simply had to order parts, assemble, and ship watches. We'll agree to disagree on what constitutes meaningful communication. I, along with many others, think communication is lacking. I think he presented it as he saw it, being wrong isn't the same as being untruthful. They did order parts to go to production, unfortunately it appears some critical ones weren't ready as planned. They have made 18 large updates along with interacting via comments and pms. That doesn't fit a total lack of meaningful communication. Also - He said he preferred setting low expectations and then exceeding them, which didn't pan out. I think most would agree it was presented to make us believe it wouldn't be delayed as long as it is being delayed, and promises that were made around communication have been broken on more than one occasion. - I just have one question then, has anything from your estimated time line which you provided when you created you campaign been completed yet. Estimated timeline (approximate): - May-June 2013: Kickstarter campaign - June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode - October 2013 - FCC, CE, and Qi certification - November 2013 - parts arrive, pilot production begins - December 2013 - volume production begins In that interview he complained that most kickstarter projects take 10, 12, even 18 months to deliver and that's not them. August is 14 months from funding. He said many just have prototypes but they were ready to order parts and go into production, which wasn't the case. I don't think it's any clearer than that... @Rick - When Chris goes on a radio interview and says we've made the necessary preparations to not be delayed like other kickstarter projects.... how is that mis-interpreted? @Donald Jordan- how does it seem that way? Do you have pictures of @creator with a new car? @Michael Lee just to be clear, all and we don't refer to the vast majority. Also, your caps lock key is stuck. @Robert "total lack" and "clearly" might not mean what you think they do. @paul based on the previous schedule there should be an update any day. @Paul - This is now beyond the Amazon Payments dispute window. You'd have to do a credit card chargeback at this point. @Creator has refused to issue refunds despite the product being late (from estimated date), clearly not being up front about where they were in design, and total lack of meaningful communication with backers. Where is update 19? Can you tell us when we should expect it? @Creator, This update need to come sooner rather than later. People are getting their pitch forks out. #REFUND!!! REFUND Refund .... All people want that...... No promise And WE DONT WANT TO WAIT ANYMORE!! When Comments start to approach Backers, I feel uneasy on my backed Kickstarter projects . When Comments exceed Backers, we are in trouble. I've also sent a pm to the creator roughly a week ago regarding a possible refund. I have yet to hear back. Does anyone know if going through Amazon Payments for help would yield any results? Would a credit card chargeback also be possible if that doesn't work? Almost seems like they are using are money for other things. It shouldn't take this long. I hope I'm wrong but with all the money they received if we don't get our watches I would say they are thieves. @Rabel, the last update said around August. #refund #refund when do you want to ship? It is almost May!!! How hard is it to write an update? Yes every one has busy life's but it takes 10 minutes to write up a note. I have sent two private messages asking for a refund with no answer. It's one thing to be delayed, another to show no care to the people who supported your product Update update update. ...... That's all we want ! Plz plz plz plz update !!! Please answer my private message !!! @Matthew, there are various comments (including some recent ones) from them on Facebook. Also their own forum <url>"Production" state was announced in August. Since then nothing has seen the light of day other than mumbo-jumbo about off-the-shelf technology like QI chargers and battery status monitoring. The state of the backlight (which one? The newly developed one or the "alternative"?) is also unknown as all the other components. I would really suggest the creators will give us a detailed rundown of what has happened so far, what the status of the project is right know and what a most likely and what a worst case timeframe will look like. @Josh <url>#ISupportChris Secret Labs + House of Horology New York, NY  Last login Apr 13 2014 And not a peep in nearly a month to answer questions and address comments on here. Way to treat the people that gave you $1million ... sorry, forgot one important thing: >> manufactured locally in-house by an established tech hardware builder of high repute and an award-winning professional watchmaker All pretty good value for $150 don't you think? That still stands too. Tim, I don't recall reading 'lousy communication' in the Risks & Challenges section on here. That's something which had grown after the money was banked What attracted me to Agent almost a year ago? >> High quality design, components, materials and construction to make Agent something that will work for more than a year >> User (or local watchmaker) replaceable battery to complement Agent's longevity >> Wireless charging - I love that >> Compatibility with iOS, Android and WP8 so not an issue for my future phone choices >> .NET developer framework with inbuilt tools and failsafes (an early Pebble FW update bricked every watch) >> Power management/metering and dual processors so I'm not recharging every 2nd day and can be sure of having at least a watch for several days after all else fails >> No camera, wifi, SIM, mic, speaker or GPS - my phone has all that stuff and does the job very nicely - maybe I lack imagination but I prefer a watch as a companion to a phone, not competing against it (looking at you, Omate) >> A discreet, unbranded, stylish watchlike-watch which I will want to wear for more than a year Yep, I'd like it now but I'll wait. Nothing I've seen tells me that Agent won't meet my original expectations. I'm not especially optimistic, for many of the reasons that people have already stated and endlessly rehashed here. But I made a commitment to this project and I will stand by it. A lot of people here are trying to reinterpret the past in a way that makes it someone else's fault that they willingly handed over their money to a risky project. All of the things people are complaining about, including the creator turning out to be a lousy communicator, were known risks going in. This is a joke, where is an update telling us how things are going, how the new back lights are coming in? For all of you optimistic people out there, I really don't know how you stick to it! In what kind of world would anyone still be on board with a project in which the creator not only can't stand by his word, but has terrible communication skills! I started an 80's slow clap for Chris Walker today. I'd suggest everyone else jump on board and stop hating. @Chris +1 on communication. Sorry auto corrected from Karsten Kara ten - exactly what I've been saying, they promised a 2 weekly update that got knocked back and now we're all wondering where we are. Confidence goes hand in hand with openness. Refund please THe issue with this, as with most of the other KS projects is, that once the plan goes badly out of shape the creators duck and dive. The intervals between updates become longer and the updates become more and more meaningless. Once that state is reached, the backers get agitated, frustrated and increasingly aggressive, which in turn makes the creators to duck and dive more and more, which fuels the anger and aggression. IMHO increasing the density of the updates, issueing more updates, not less, will keep the backers happy and confident. Even a "Could not do anything this week as I am waiting for ther samples to be assembled.." or something like that would calm the raging seas. Nobody gets hung drawn and quartered for messing things up, for making wrong decisions and communicating that. We are all in here to learn. If I would want to BUY something, I go to Amazon. But the learning experience with most KS project is more like "How not to do it!".... My biggest issue was they made it clear that they were VERY confident in December delivery. I anticipated ~9 months usage and was willing to pay $20/month. Now I'll get 1-2 months usage on that calendar, and I'm not willing to pay $90/month. When they say in interviews that they're different and have made appropriate plans to not have delays, and then have MAJOR delays, I think a refund is owed to those who want one, while still offering the watch to those who want it since that's an option. I'd even accept a refund minus kickstarter fees / amazon fees. The more expensive components likely haven't been ordered yet (those requiring custom tooling, etc), and with their extensive pre-order list they've promised to use to help backers sell their watches, they shouldn't have issues with extra components. I love the fact that Agent will be phone OS agnostic. Is there another smart watch out there or on the drawing boards that will support notifications from iOS, Android and WP? ...that ellipses was me just finishing re-reading your statement. I don't disagree with you at all. I just am tired of all this negativity. Not a single person here with "Hey check what I made!" Just "Well I'm bored now, give me my money back." @Adam, that's true but Kickstarter does the bare minimum to educate backers. We have coughed up more than $1 billion, of which KS has kept $50 million + as their cut. If KS aren't careful, the crowdfunding model will be destroyed by consumer protection regulation and then everyone loses. I suggested on another project that Kickstarter should send out emails to backers two days before each successful campaign ends, essentially saying "Are you sure you want to do this? You will soon be locked in. Kickstarter is not a store, We do not guarantee this project will meet your expectations. If you wish to cancel your pledge, the time to do it is right now, while you can." So if the project was delivered in December...I get the distinct feeling that the people asking for refunds right now would be the same ones bragging to their friends - "You know I helped make this? Invested $200 on someone's idea. Don't even know the guy. Kickstarter. Yeah. I dabble. Help people where I can." When it doesn't go to plan "Oh man f*%* this $&!@. This is bull*$(#. Some dude stole my money!" - Way to go consumers/people who I'm still convinced miss the idea of Kickstarter entirely. @antytom, I see you're new to Kickstarter. You can ask creator by clicking on Contact Me to the right. Apparently no refunds have been given for this project. How can I have a refundwaiting for too long time Can I have a refund. Thanks Enjoy James! Hope you and your girlfriend enjoy the gear 2! Just picked up a gear 2. I was patiently anticipating the release of the Agent, but with the project being months behind with nothing to show leaves me with much regret. I backed 2 watches for me and my girlfriend and this whole fiasco has been such a let down on the whole kickstarter premise. I have backed many projects with great success, but after this, I'm a lot more hesitant to sink any more money into projects (even ones that seem credible as this one did). #Refund @roma - yes, I did and they claimed everything was under control and the riskiest aspects were behind them. They claimed excellent relationships with part suppliers and were working closely to ensure parts arrived on time - I'd say 9 months waiting on a part isn't working closely with nor having the faintest idea what your suppliers are doing. @Karsten, you haven't been lied to. @Chris, in thinking what was implied, did you read the bit about risks too? It turns out that one of the risks has delayed this project. Fun is not being lied at. Fun is communication by the creators. I'm in it to learn, too, but there is not a lot to learn here except research on QI chargers and battery life - which I have read 10.000 times before. I see no reason for HoH and SL to conduct research in technologies that are available off-the-shelf. Fun is to see something come into existence. But move on people, there is nothing to see.... Pictures ? @ryan - it's not just that they've missed deadlines but they seem to be stuck in phase 1 (well 2 if you count the kickstarter collection phase) for about 9 months now. The slick videos and comments from the creators implied this was something that required a little polish, certifying, order parts and build - this has been far from the truth. I have other projects running 6 months+ overdue but I'm far less aggressive in communications as thee creators bother to answer questions when asked and post updates. They're also things that aren't quite as techy and therefore less of a shelf life. This could have been great in dec 2013 but with realistic delivery of dec 2014 it's going to be behind the curve with regards both developers and most likely hardware too (that's if the hardware lives up to quoted specs). Well, friends that have never met/have no prior communication with one another until the statement he just made. I have the distinct feeling Ryan Sweet and I are friends. Get Excited and Make Things. HOLY BALLS. I know its a small fraction, but you guys really take the fun out of this. Let me note this is far from the only project that I have backed that is or has turned like this. Just kills it. @creator im still excited. I still look forward to this, and think its far from out dated. So thank you. Ro those of you that feel that this is somehow ooutdated are you honestly going to tell me you had no idea apple moto, lg, and samsung didnt have watches with bigger teams and budgets right around the corner? I did.. and im buying one of those too. As for ... how could they miss this deadline how come that.. they just took our money or whatever. Why dont you put you brains where your mouth is. Develop a watch. And not jusy a watch but a smart watch. Build it with tech that its a given by the time you are even purchasing it itd out dated. Not to mention by the time you assemble and ship it. And speaking of assembly, and testing. Clearly you all know how to f o it way mire efficiently. Do do it. Take your bigger better idea, tabI'd waa a to concept. Kick start it and tank it from a handful of units to a couple thousand without missing a beat. Need me ill be in the forums trying to figure out how to make the watch face I want. Im done checking in here. Cool @chris. Thanks for validating everything I just said. +1 Stanley @Chris, sources? Kickstarter should require the Creator maintain regular communication with backers @adam the creators implied they had an all but finished product and easy deadlines leading up to Xmas. This was not true. They said they'd give fortnightly updates, this was not true. They said they'd give updates on x date, this was not true. So far what evidence have we to believe anything they say? sorry, link was missing: <url>#refund. @Adam, Thank you, it's nice to see some positive comments here among the sea of negative. I backed AGENT because of it's WP support, and so far no other makers have this, so even coming out 8 months after the original estimate it will likely still be the most WP friendly smartwatch. @Adam, +1 from me too. Counting up the number of backers above the '$1 or more' level I'm seeing 5,404. So the percentage of those that have felt the need to go public on here is pretty small - around 1%? So @Creator, keep up the good work, looking forward to something stylish and functional later in the year. And with Windows Phone 8.1 now out in beta we finally have Bluetooth RFComm, notification centre, and other goodies that should make integration much more straightforward and richly featured. Looking forward to the next update! @Adam, I agree. Too many armchair critics around here. I'll ride it out and if Agent disappoints me then I'll be surprised but, I hope, philosophical about the outcome. This is the 4th smartwatch project I've crowdfunded and I still have much more confidence in this one and the people behind it than I've had with any of the other three. For those (like me) who would like to see another Update, read this: <url>"Ok, i'm going to buckle up for this." But you don't have to - as a backer amongst a sea of backers, I'm just another one who wanted to share his thoughts. I get the strong impression everyone is negative, impatient, furious, and/or disappointed that a crowdfunded idea so far hasn't made it's goals. I wonder what it's like to get a million dollars delivered to your bank account with the pressure as a company of one to build something that barely exists and you can only hope everything falls in line perfectly and that the people who understood your dream to help you get there, would also understand your setbacks and forgive your shortcomings. Reading people's reactions over "Oh it's not gonna be the smartest watch anymore..." or "Well Apple is going to come out with something." If you had such vision, why would you waste your money on such a venture as this? I'm sorry to say, but what are you - a user? another consumer? Or someone who cares about putting .NET on a watch? Someone who wants to help push that goal forward not with just money but with their own code? Their own time? I'm reluctant to even visit this page anymore because of the kind of things I see people write. It's safer amongst the development community around this thing because at least the discussion there is trying to push something forward, not shame the one guy who is trying to do something none of us even attempted to do with a Netduino. I invested because I believe, and still do in Secret Labs. I've said it before and I will say it again, my support of makers remains positively unwavering. I really want a watch... #Watch @Jussi Myllyluoma Actually, Goku would win easily with just his breath. And Krillan would win with an arm tied behind his back. XD I agree with Matt Mayatt. I think an official comment from SL & HoH regarding their stance on refunds and helping people sell their watches is necessary at this point. There is such a flood of negativity going on here and it is only going to get worse if people's concerns aren't directly addressed. Actually since I contacted the founder and what em I said help in your sale once come to light but this will be very difficult and almost impossible to realize why eya be on the market other smartwatch. At least they offer us free loaders all baker's not as vain we return our money #refund So "they will help us sell the watch"...? You know the implication of that? It means, that HoH did not sell enough of their "Smartest Watches" after the KS campaign ended to ensure a working product. This might be due to the fact that the project's goal, creating "The World's Smartest Watch" has become obsolete after the success of the Pebble and after lots of Omate-Clones (Simvalley et al.) are flooding the market with much cleverer watches (including phone/mobile internet/video/photo capabilities), not to mention the likes of Sony (yes, I know, crap...), Samsung and very soon Apple. Let's face it. IF it would have been possible to create a watch within the time frame, it would have had a chance to establish a leat a proprietary "standard" like the Pebble train-wreck did. But now, with only 5,700'ish sold on KS and possibly not many more on their own webpage, this is going to be a very rare museum piece. Don't get me wrong. It will be a very nice watch, hopefully. And it will, hopefully, have some sort of intelligence built in that will set it apart from Gen1 smart watches like Pebble, but when it hits the shelves (or, like .. not!), it will be a Gen1 product in a Gen3 world. I have backed this when Pebble seemed to turn into a train wreck and I've backed Omate as problems reared their heads here. I alredy have the Pebble (Gen1 smart watch) and I will hopefully hold an Omate (Gen3 smart watch) in my hands in the next few weeks and there is nothing - NOTHING - to be seen in terms of even a pre-production sample from Secret Labs/HoH. No doubt, they will bring this program to fruition. No doubt, we will all receive a very beautiful and well made Gen2 smart watch. No doubt, it will function as promised. But, honestly, are you going to buy a "new" before last year's car for the same price or even dearer than the new model? Frabkly, I would not. But since the project will come to fruition, I will place this so-called "Smart Watch" right on the shelf of my computer museum, right next to the SUN Sparc Voyager, the Apple III, the Commodore Amiga 4000 and other products that were either too little, too late or too expensive. @Roma several people have posted here trying to get refunds and and the answer is no. They will help us sell the watch when it has been released. Would be a great time for the creator to clear some of these matters up and stop the pretty squabbling that is happening on this comments page. @Roma I did contact the creator directly before I posted here. Any other suggestion? Most people who post a comment here about wanting a refund give no indication that they have asked the creator directly. If I wanted a refund I would contact the creator directly. Then, if I wanted everyone else to know about it, I would leave a comment here saying what I've done. @creator, i also wanted my refund... No point waiting for this project for so long when other maker already out smartwatch with better specifications I really want a refund.... #refund Hear ye hear ye... I have news from the agent team. They have finally decided that they are going to turn their product in to a watch! One which you will be able to wear on your wrist! What could possibly be taking so long guys, get it together or just admit you failed, either way I just want out. #refund What's to fight over? Goku would win with one hand tied behind his back. Can I get a refund on account of all this ridiculous drama behind this project? Next thing I know you guys would be fighting over Goku vs Superman... When I backed this, I fully expected Apple to release an iWatch in Q3 of last year, and that I would get the Agent after that. I was really surprised when Apple didn't. Now, I'm expecting Apple to release iWatch around summer, and that I'll get Agent after that. So nothing has changed, really. And I never expected Agent to be able to beat the technology of iWatch, so nothing has changed from that perspective, either. I was really looking forward to this. I think it could have been successful if it was released earlier, but August/September will be too late. Sure I'll get my backer version, but I can't see anyone buying this in October, when the android watches and the apple watch are already out. You are an optimist. Do we habe a final design? I don't think so. Do we have FCC/CE certification? I don't think so. Is the design capable oft beging mass-produced? I don't know. Do I know Moore's Law? Yes! at this pace, i am hoping for 2014 xmas delivery Thus ends a beautiful friendship. @Roma, just fix it? don't tell me what to do. You have no right to do that. That's out of line, I don't tell you what to do. I'm done talking about this with you given you weren't there, has nothing to do with this, and you just want to start a fight. This is pointless and therefore I'm ending this. Also notice you didn't answer my question about what does robbing a bank have to do with this? I don't think that agent misrepresented this project at all. I do feel that this will be underpowered in terms of processing power, graphic resolution, features or innovation, but style and quality of what is available is still quite possible. I'm done w you Roma. Do what you want and I do hope you enjoy your agent watches. Glad to see you will honor your gentleman's agreement with HoH/SL. You're not under NDA and you keep everyone else blind while touting that "you know something we don't know". I'm done w you Roma. Enjoy. I just want an update , so I/we know what's going on . Thank you @Brent, no situation justifies the continuing presence on KIckstarter of your highly offensive comments. Your insistence on raising what you think are mitigating factors doesn't wash. Just fix it. Re Agent, you said that many backers "realized just how underpowered this watch actually is". In what respects do you think it's underpowered? And/or are you suggesting that SL/HoH misrepresented Agent in their KS campaign: if so, in what ways? @ Roma I'm not the only ones who fought w Julie. You weren't there and you don't know about the situation. Rick was right about it showing one side on the internet and no I'm not trying to atone for anything. I've got every right to defend myself, my issue though was that I made the wrong choices in how I go about that. Now would you like to continue to talk about this or agent? Roma what does robbing a bank have to do w anything? Great idea Roma. @Brent Roberts, guess what? I probably would have gone to jail if I had robbed a bank. What does any of your little ditty got to do with you posting disgusting comments on a public forum (Kickstarter) about your opinion of a woman's sexual practices? Whatever personal things she said to you, at least she had the guts to say them to you. You come on Kickstarter and write your disgraceful comments about her for all to see, then the best you can do in atonement is to say you're not proud about what you did. Ever thought about contacting Kickstarter and having them remove your comments? Nope Michael I haven't signed any NDA w Secret Labs or HoH. My NDA is with another company that will be bringing a smart watch out. @Brent Roberts - Secret Labs and or House of Horology had you sign an NDA? Yep, nice 1 Jussi Well said Jussi. That the big names in general, and Apple in particular, will blow anything a small operation like SL+HoH could ever create in terms of technology and features as their first venture was a given already on 21 May 2013. I sincerely hope no-one actually thought anything different. Add to this the fact that Agent is a cross-platform device, designed to work more or less equally well with multiple platforms  meaning that it will never be fully optimised to work with any single one of them. So, iWatch will offer more features and functionality with iOS devices than Agent ever can, as will any product Nokia or Microsoft launches with Windows Mobile devices, or Samsung or Google with Android devices. This was also a given already on 21 May last year. Me, I like to have many watches to switch between. I have two different Lunatik cases for the iPod Nano. I also have a Pebble, as well as a variety of other watches, smart and not-so-smart. So, in spite of the aforementioned givens  which all must have been obvious to everybody already on the same day this Kickstarter launched  I still quite happily backed Agent. And even when I have the iWatch, I'll still use Agent from time to time, assuming they nail its look & feel to my liking. I see what you're saying Rick and you're right, the internet only shows one side. It sounds to me from what you said that the watch provides everything you're looking for. People have differences of opinions and in terms of a smart watch I personally am looking for a watch that sets the bar for other companies to follow instead of providing simplistic yet underwhelming performances. There's no reason you're wrong just as there's no reason I am wrong. This watch works for you but it doesn't work for me and that's fine. I'm not looking for a refund but I do think that a lot of ppl realized just how underpowered this watch actually is. You mentioned battery life and going forth that's a big issue w other watches. I may want a watch that provides top of the line performance but if it spends more time on the charger than on my wrist that also is a big issue ya know? I do hope you enjoy the watch. Unfortunately, the internet only shows one side of your issue, and it reflects on you poorly (I am not calling you a liar, just describing what I can see). I liked the look of the watch and I found out about it from a development channel. I also liked that it didn't do too much and it matched what I wanted from a watch:wireless charging, long battery life, extensibility, good looking. All of those things are still on the table. I defend the team behind the watch, every indication to me is that they are working hard and trying to put out a good product. If I see ridiculousness and disingenuous attacks, I enjoy stepping in and exposing it for what it is. I consider adding for a refund to be fine, but chargebacks, harassment and calling the project a scam worthy of public mocking. Rick I'm not saying I'm proud if my comments and two wrongs don't make a right. In hindsight I should have taken her sexual and racial comments as a sign of poor human development and left it as such. At least you acknowledge that such treatment is uncalled for and you can champion such causes and fight anyone and verbally attack them as well. When she deliberately looks you in the eye and says derogatory comments I should have just walked away but I don't let ppl treat me that way either. So programming in .NET is your most anticipated feature? You say it was never on the cutting edge of screen color, resolution, or processor speed and if that is the case what redeeming feature makes you feel like this is something spectacular? The .NET programming? Wouldn't you want your smart watch to be powerful with color and a vibrant resolution and the ability to have features and functions that set the standard for years to come and companies to follow? Sometimes I feel you are just trying to deliberately start things w ppl. and maybe that's bc I don't understand why you are so excited for a product that is going to be short in almost every category outside of case design? You hope it's a good watch. I just hope ppl enjoy it and that includes you. Sorry though to say that this watch can't compete with the big name brands such as apple. Keep up the good fight. I know you want to. Making a failed protest still has nothing to do with her sexual habits. I will single out anyone I come across who talks that way to others. If you don't like it, I'd recommend not attaching your name to rude misogynistic comments. Thanks for the support on Agent, I really hope it's a good watch. I'm already invested, so I want a good product. Jussi no worries and apology accepted. You were 100% right in that it was just an observation. I'm with you on the iWatch but the only difference between us on this is that I won't be using agent after that. I personally don't think that the whole "HoH styling" will be enough to overcome the features, functionality, and performance of the iWatch. Not to be mean but apple has a much larger checkbook to play with ya know? I'm happy that agent raised the money that they did but compared to companies like Samsung or Apple that's a fraction of the costs that these companies spend daily on R&D. I do though hope those who get their agent watch enjoy it. That's fantastic Rick, and you can carry that flag with pride for agent (you are one of a select few). You "suspect" she didn't go to jail bc she didn't do anything wrong. No. She didn't go to jail bc she complied with the police who issued her a warning. You want a story? Pop some popcorn. If other backers other than Rick don't want to read this, pls stop now. Ahem. Things started off badly for Ouya. First with their KS program I, along w countless others Rick (love how you single me out amongst everyone else) were informed that backers would get Ouya before the public. This wasn't true. The units were going to be available to the public before the backers. But before that calamity occurred more bad blood started between Ouya and the media and this was because there was a mass push for capital before the internal specs were given to the public. Being part of media to say we were disappointed is an understatement in terms of its performance. The system was supposed to be revolutionary however there were smart phones w more power and performance so once Ouya's specs were released thats when things got way out of control. There were tons of negative treatment in terms of comments and verbal abuse thrown at multiple forms of media and authorities. This is when Julie went from bad to worse. Ouya wanted to play like the big boys at E3 (electronic entertainment expo). They wanted a booth and they wanted to showcase their system. The ESA and E3 said no (you'll have to contact them on their reasons for not saying yes. You probably will anyway just bc you probably think I'm lying.). Well it was then that Julie took to Twitter and ended up spewing hate against the ESA and E3 and decided to setup a makeshift booth outside the LA Convention center across the street (like a big middle finger to the ESA is how she put it). The ESA and E3 decided to respond in kind and had semi trucks park right in front of her makeshift booth. That's when things went downhill fast. In a matter of moments Julie was doing everything she could to get a win from this (which included heavy verbal abuse) and that's when the ESA had enough and called the police. They told her to pack up and leave or go to jail. Realizing that she finally lost, she packed up and left, and didn't go to jail. This is why Ouya is known as "screwya" and is the biggest joke in gaming in a long time and Julie's image with the media is forever damaged. Just to be clear we media only wanted information, but when she chose her path, we in the media chose ours. There you have it Rick. I'm sure you are salivating at the chance to goad me into a verbal fight and prove me wrong but given the fact I was there and saw this first hand I wish you luck bc it won't happen. I along with other media outlets know what we saw and how we were treated. There's your story. It's a nice looking watch you can program in .NET. It was never cutting edge in terms of screen color/resolution or processor speed. Almost going to jail isn't going to jail, I suspect she didn't go because she actually didn't do anything wrong. Regardless, I still fail to see how your comments on her sexual habits/preferences are relevant or justified. Feel free to explain your logic (assuming you aren't under an NDA). Just to be clear on one thing though: when Apple ships iWatch, I WILL buy it, first day. Whether or not I will use Agent after that will depend entirely on the "HoH factor". And that applies equally irrespective of if I have Agent by then, or if it gets delivered after. And I knew this already when I backed the project. @spaztastic - I'm in the UK, it's Barclaycard. Bit of a pain in the backside but they've never turned me down before. I read the tone in "this is the OUYA of smart watches, outdated tech and a bunch of disappointed backers" as a bit whine-y, yes. I must have misread it though, for which I apologise -- I now realise that the comment probably wasn't directed at the project as such, but was rather an observation on the reactions from some backers. . As for your question: what I am hoping for is a watch that is technologically good enough to be useful, with enough nifty features (like inductive charging) to stand out a bit, but above all, with styling and build quality to really make it special. As I've said before: the only thing that Agent always will have going for it -- assuming that they nail it just right, of course -- is the HoH styling, and the top-shelf premium feel that we're all expecting to go with it; and for that reason, it doesn't HAVE to still be cutting edge technology-wise when it eventually ships, just "good enough", for it to still be a perfectly good watch. So what jussi makes this watch so absolutely amazing or incredible or innovative or groundbreaking? What makes this stand out as the best of the best in terms of smart watches that would lead the masses to forsake any and all competition to bear a path to agents door? What? I was unaware that you took my statements as whining. Lol I personally don't care when this watch comes out bc I will have already moved onto something better which of course will naturally be outdated by then as well lol Indeed Brent. Since we've firmly established that Agent is neither more nor less "outdated" than any other piece of tech kit in development, why specifically whine about Agent? I'm having flashbacks of pebble comments. SSDD. Everything posted here has been said before. Your comments are outdated. @Jussi I agree about what you said about customers. I just picked the quote since it was someone who was actually in finance vs speculation. @ Chris fill out paperwork? What card makes you do that. I can go online and click dispute a charge fill out some info and voila! At the end of the day I backed two projects both due in Dec. Neither has shipped. The other project said they'd ship end of Mar and then just updated that to June. What I find interesting is the lack of b&m on that project. Their updates are sporadic, and I think quite a few backers bought it for their kids (I did). I have yet to see anyone demand a refund or threaten a charge back or what did you do with our money. You are right Jussi, what does make agent so special? Yes, even tech on the drawing board are going to be outdated by later tech. That's reality unf. Exactly jussi which is why it's impossible to stay on the curve. The only way that it's possibly is if the internal components are able to be upgraded. Sorry, but that next-to-last comment is just plain ... well. Even by your own reasoning ALL technology will ALWAYS be "the Ouya of whatever" even before it is released, because everything will always by definition have to be "outdated and underperforming compared to what is coming down the road". Even tech that is still on the drawing board right now is already inferior to that which follows it. So what makes Agent so special in that regard? This is the problem with any piece of technology (not just agent). You want to release the best tech for your product, however you could spend all the time in R&D but with new tech coming out constantly there inevitably comes a time where a decision has to be made in terms of what tech to include. Once that choice is made and you work towards the manufacture process, new tech is already coming out, but your choices have been made so unless you start over, you are committed to using what is considered by now "outdated tech". So now you are well into manufacture process and when the time comes to ship to backers (not general public) the tech is way outdated and unless a new version is coming, there's nothing that can be done in terms of improving "what's under the hood" and if there is there will be a great many ppl upset bc now they feel that their 1.0 version is now a joke, especially if version 2.0 is the same price. Like I said, it's a problem all tech companies face and it's not speculation or my own point of view, it's a fact. Besides my original comment of this being the OUYA of smart watches is true. Outdated and underperforming tech compared to what's coming down the road. Time to think of this as more of a novelty than something innovative and groundbreaking. @ Rick. If you knew what she did or how she treated not just my media outlet but others as well, you would see it justified. Before you speak about things you don't know, get the full picture. There's a reason Julie almost went to jail last year, but I bet you didn't know that either. You can say whatever you want but you are on the outside and know next to nothing when it comes to the experiences that a vast majority of media and public outlets had to go through w OUYA. Now those dealings I can talk about. I wish I could say more detail but I am under an NDA given that I will be reviewing this along with other smart watches. Get ready for the end of summer. :) Well the people who pledged a $1 certainly haven't been dissapointed That Sony is a good example of why the specs aren't critical, despite being superior in your estimation - reception hasn't been very good because of issues with execution. I'm still holding out hope that the Agent gets it right. @Jereon sony's smart watch which is already released, exceeds most of all the agent's specs and is in color to boot. It may only have a 2-3 day battery life, but that is acceptable in comparison to the samsung watch released.... what makes you think the hardware is in production? updates say otherwise that they are still finalizing hardware specs and issues for the agent. I wonder if we'll see this by the end of the year @brent if this is the Ouya of smartwatches, I'm thankful that none of the @creator team posting on here are females after the vile stuff you said in that project. @Brent and others: Can any of you back up your "outdated tech" claim? It seems like @creator is working with recent hardware. And do you really think that all the gear that will be coming out this year is going to be more up-to-date then the agent? That hardware is already or almost in production, so the hardware in there will be "outdated" to this fall? @MichaelW @IOso +1 Update please This is the OUYA of smart watches. Outdated tech and a bunch of disappointed backers. Wait till you see what's coming down the road. By the time these launch you could (maybe) get $100 on eBay? Remember, you don't see apple (or other big company) looking for backers on ks. Get ready. @Chris, yes please keep us informed ... even if it means more crocodile tears. Well I had to wait for them to send out forms for me to fill out (and I was a little tardy sending them back), the charge has been frozen on my account (no interest will be charged on the amount that was billed). I'll let you know how it progresses. Honestly I am sad that its come to this - the creators obviously haven't spent all the money and could choose to refund rather than risk a credit card chargeback (plus possible fee related with this) - especially if they're so confident/ have a list of buyers ready to buy at "full" price. @MichaelW +1. Totally agree. I, too, believe that the Agent smart watch will eventually see the light of day. While it's a shame that its been delayed as much as it has, (and with such a device, time-to-market is exceedingly important to stay competitive), I still believe I'll enjoy wearing it on my wrist and having it handle my WP notifications. It's simply just one of the many associated risks you accept when backing a Kickstarter project. @Creator Keep up the hard work and let us know of any and all changing developments in the project! Looking forward to the next update. We all would like to see this watch on our wrists now! As we now know, it is going to be later than sooner that this project is completed. However, is the creator making a good faith effort to complete the project? I believe so! Sure, we would like more updates but this is no doubt a much more complicated venture with more setbacks than were anticipated by all involved as stated by the creator! Kickstarter's TOS REQUIRES a creator to fulfill the rewards or give a refund if they abandon the project. CLEARLY, this creator has not abandoned the project. What this means, unfortunately for us backers, is that we must be patient and continue to wait as they are making good faith efforts and working towards completion! I have to believe that the creator wants this completed as badly (if not more) than we do! On March 13 Backer Chris posted this comment: "So my chargeback is well under way ... I think it should be a no quibble money back from the credit card." Four weeks later and no further news about it. Maybe some quibbling going on? Indeed. We are all curious to know how your claim fares. I haven't heard any Kickstarter charge back success stories yet. Please keep us posted. I don't think that you do. @Jussi - I completely I agree. Without going into details I'm pursuing only based on facts / formal grounds. I work in the financial industry so am aware of the differences. To know that "emotional grounds" and "formal grounds" are two very, very different things takes no expert And credit card companies are therefore also rather less likely to consider the former than the latter. Also, like Rick noted earlier: failure at making a good job of predicting does not equate being less than earnest in attempting to appraise the risks involved. @Apollo - I did the same. I said if they believe in this product (which won't be the world's smartest watch anymore, won't be delivered on time, has massive communication failures, won't have a good developer community, etc) so much, they should be happy to be able to sell it for $299 instead of giving it to me for $179. Since they failed to resolve the issue I have an open chargeback with my bank. Tried to get a refund....Only got an email saying that they'd help me sell my watch (once it's ready). I assume that'll be pretty easy to do with all of the more advanced wearable tech coming out.... @rick wicker - ok, we'll leave out the "estimates" on delivery. They still haven't kept their word on update frequency or update schedule. Correcting myself and apologies, it's been so long since I funded this I forgot that "House of Horology" was here at the start. @Jussi Myllyluoma, do you qualify yourself as a lawyer or an expert who can interpret what is actions for legal grounds? To anyone else that feels that what they backed and what has been shared has not met with their expectations, I will only say that you can take the necessary actions you feel are justified by contacting Amazon payments or by going through your credit card company. From my point of view, everyone has the own argument and opinion on this project. It doesn't mean anyone is right or wrong for their opinion. The responsibility of the creator of this kickstarter was to inform all potential backers of any risks. Go and read the risks section again. I'm not asking anyone to agree with me. I'm asking anyone interested to go and re-read it and interpret if you think those were valid up front and earnest risks that were offered. My interpretation, they do not. Even more so, they asked for $100k. Ask yourself this, did they really do a good job of predicting how much money they needed to fund their goal? Doesn't look like it to me. It appears to me these guys had a great idea and thought they could bring it to market for $100k. They failed to do that. Instead, demand for their product was HUGE! They were funded over 1M dollars. It appears to me that they are, in comparison, chasing the dragon. They are trying to incorporate features that will be competitive for the new wave of smart watches that will be flooding the market in the years to come. Did we really need to have "House of Horology" added to this? That addition only came after they were funded over 1M dollars. Money that probably could have been better spent. A better approach would have been to deliver on their original idea as a v1.0. However, it's clear that their original idea was very ambitious and didn't realize all it would take. My guess is although they are trying very hard, this will never see the light of day. That's my opinion. Bad at estimating doesn't equal lying. Estimates are not your word. Other suppliers probably require lead times, to make the December date it makes sense that parts were ordered (especially commodities) ahead of time. I'm not in manufacturing, so that is speculation. @Roma, do we have any evidence (besides their word) that these parts have been ordered let alone received? So far their word hasn't really been kept (fortnightly updates, delivery dates, update dates etc). It would also be foolish to have such a large quantity of stock sitting around if you weren't ready to use it not only would it take up space (or require renting of space) there's the risk of damage/loss/theft. This project is/was a waste of money ... tried to see if I could get a refund since my interest has heavily changed over time....got denied Originally, we were told that HoH / SL would assemble 200 watches every day - is that still right, or will you be using more staff to help reduce the assembly time? If everything was ready August 1st, that still means mid-September to produce 5000 watches; if you hit the end of August, we're looking at mid-October for 5000 watches at the earliest. Matthew Searle on Mar 25 Does the delay until August mean that all the watches will be shipped then, or just the "December" watches? and ... "Backer be warier!" 2 words for any and everyone..."Buyer beware!" @Angelica, in an Update in November, SL said that almost one million parts had been received and many more would be coming e.g. commodity parts like capacitors and resistors which suppliers held in stock. You do realise that they need parts for 5,600 watches, not 560 as per their original goal? Do you know that they will be producing (assembling) everything themselves i.e. not paying a Chinese company to do everything? All that tells me they must have spent a lot of money on parts. You talk about SL disregarding the backlight risk. I think it's fairer to say they calculated the risk but got it wrong. And there's no reason to think that certification will be unduly long when SL has already said that some parts had been chosen because they were already pre-certified. Many people say in their comments that Secret Labs have already spent a lot of money, but that could not be true. Secret Labs originally asked for $100 000 so if they only got $100 000 they couldn't spend much on anything because most of that money would be needed for the actual production. If you're making a backlight prototype, the cost for that prototype will be the same regardless of how many watches you're making, be it 500 or 5000. Creator hasn't shown any actual progress and almost only one lousy picture. Creator told us that this backlight would have been a surprise because they raised more money than expected. And although he knew the risks of the backlights being created from scratch, he disregarded them. Creator also talks about new surprises coming and now when we already are three months late the only surprise we really got was the watches being delayed "until August". Lifx thought that certification would take just a couple of weeks but it took 10 weeks. The production pace turned out to be slower than the estimated production pace, several weeks. Depending on delivery method: 1 - 4 weeks delivery time. So we will probably get our watches no sooner than November. The Pressy Project is delayed and they are offering backers a refund. Lifx project was delayed and they too offered backers refunds. Considering everything that happened (or more like not happened), I would like Agent to do the same and offer a refund to those who request one. Someone should start a petition on change.org or something like that. #refund @Richard G - I don't know where you're looking but I'm seeing very little of the process, only delayed and sporadic updates. The creators don't even keep to their own agreed schedules for them. Trying to "stay on the cutting edge" of technology is next to impossible. It's the same theory that when you are walking to your car with your new computer, and the new model just hits the shelf. That's why I feel that when (not if) this product hits the shelf the tech will be already behind the curve. To be honest we can't hold these creators on the same level as Samsung or apple bc they don't have the same size checkbook when it comes to R&D. The creators made a million, and that's great but that's a fraction of a day's expense compared to the "big guys". I hope that all of you who are supporting agent truly get to enjoy it, but I can say this, as soon as apple comes out w their watch my pebble steel will hit eBay. Both David and Ken are making excellent points. As a "backer" or "investor", I put stock in to a watch that was supposed to be 'cutting edge' not a relic. Would anyone here invest money in to a company that was trying to create an HD VHS tape? No. When it comes to technology like this product, changing the schedule is like changing the scope. This new scope or timeline is not what I backed! Although I can understand the frustration of people I find a lot of the comments on here quite sad (though I realise it is just human nature). It must be quite disheartening for the creators reading some of the stuff on here. I see it as contributing to an idea for which you may get a reward for doing so and I'm enjoying seeing the process. I'm not saying people shouldn't have an opinion, of course they should but sometimes I wonder what the point of this comments section is. Truly a secret agent of a watch - hiding in the shadows and will never be seen by the public... When is the watch ready to ship? Make it good but hurry up #donotrefundbuthurryup @Jussi You weren't kidding! The CST-01 project's updates are thorough yet have an awesome "TL;DR" section. You're right; they are further delayed than the Agent yet those updates would set your mind at ease as a backer. Truly a shame that Agent hasn't progressed further on the timeline but alas, what can we do? I just hope it'll work nicely with WP8.1 when it does eventually arrive. It does have a picture yes, but the hardware shown is by all accounts, apart from the lightguide film behind the display, the same that has been shown before. I just get a bit perplexed ... most techno-nerds (design engineers) love showing off their new toys and the paces they out them through. If you look at the other project's update thread (<url>#norefund want to have delivered at some point. Hopefully this year. Hi creator, please abort this project. Take the 1 Million USD from the campain, add earned interest, and #refund your backers! At this point, I think it's fair to request a refund based on the creators not able to fulfill their delivery of products as stated when this campaign began. I believe they will eventually come up with something great, but that it not what I backed or signed up for. The creators said they could deliver by December of 2013. That date has come and gone by a long shot. As stated by Kickstarter FAQ: Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Well, at least one item has been: "May-June 2013: Kickstarter campaign." Has anything from your estimated time line which you provided when you created you campaign been completed yet? Estimated timeline (approximate): May-June 2013: Kickstarter campaign June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode October 2013 - FCC, CE, and Qi certification November 2013 - parts arrive, pilot production begins December 2013 - volume production begins If you could please answer my question i would appreciate it. @Adam Maybe as the project shows some progress there will be more interest. A bit of a gamble right now. Hi David, I'd say that regarding the time-to-market window, and particularly vis--vis iWatch, you are most likely correct. In fact, I would be greatly surprised if you weren't. And yes, looking back at what was presented during the campaign, it is becoming increasingly clear that the creators had severely miscalculated (or deliberately downplayed) the hurdles that still lay ahead of them. But for a start-up operation (as SL+HoH actually is, on the smartwatch market), it's a live-and-learn process, and the risk of having to watch people living and learning for a while before they actually can ship a product is a risk we take when we back projects on Kickstarter. The difference here is that we get to see it happening. In the world outside crowdfunding, all of this would still have happened, but it would have happened behind the scenes. The first we would have known of the product would have been when the product hit the market, after all the delays. IF it hit the market. . The only thing that Agent always will have going for it -- always assuming that they nail it just right -- is the HoH styling, and the top-shelf premium feel that we're all expecting to go with it. For that reason, it doesn't HAVE to still be cutting edge technology-wise when it eventually ships, just "good enough", for it to still be a perfectly good (albeit no longer "great") watch. Hi Jussi M and all the rest of the supporters. All I have to say is that as a business owner and a co-developer of software I can understand delays, but this product was no where NEAR where they had insinuated in their development process. I don't believe that this product will be ready until perhaps December or Jan of 2015 based on the description of their back lighting. What had me concerned was that I googled back lighting companies and spent about 90 minutes when I realized that Secret Labs and the House of Horology are no where near where near where they should be. The tragedy... Quite honestly by the time the product comes out, it will be antiquated. It will not be worth the investment of good faith. The burden falls directly on the business owner and their inability to produce a product in a timely manner. This is not a timely manner and in this market timing is vital to the success of your product. It was a try but I think you should learn from this lesson. Make product decisions sooner, look at the market and know that prolonged delays will kill your product. For those of you waiting for the watch. My opinion is the iWatch will be here before the Agent. So I'll take as a no? No one is trying actually make things? Now that the WP8.1 SDK is available to all, will we finally get an idea to what kind of integration and notification support we'll see with AGENT? Or extinction @Nick M, thanks. Might be simpler to rename it WMD: Weapon of Mass Distinction? @Roma - I like that - it has a certain 'ring' about it! Umm, the world's smartest wrist mounted wearable device? Should this now be renamed as I don't think it is the worlds smartest watch anymore @Adam, please let me know when someone does. I'll get the cannula inserted ready for beta testing ... or maybe not. So does anyone have the SDK via Bluetooth controlling their coffee machine yet? Oh sweet gods, here we go again... You are a year almost for getting this watch out. By December I should have had this, get the watch produced. @Chris M, you've had a lot to say on a subject about which you now say you truthfully don't care. @Chris M -- re. Roma's Q&A w/ the creator, I do admit to curiosity. I can see no readily apparent good reason for why SL+HoH won't go public with the information. But I am not sure you want to go down the road of denigrating the majority opinion just because majorities have been known to be wrong earlier in history. Because in that case, it must apply equally to the current majority opinion on EVERYTHING, not just that which you personally at the moment happen to disagree with. If you are not prepared to accept that position, you're just applying a double standard. . @spaz -- I must slightly disagree with your quote on one of its particulars: I would maintain that in the commonly accepted sense, we backers aren't quite "customers" either. What we give our money for (I hesitate to use the word "pay") is not an existing product; it is not even a pre-order against a firmly defined specification. There is no firm commitment to a delivery date. Depending on the project, there might not necessarily be any warranties or certifications. And so on, and so forth. In most countries, a "customer", in the "consumer" sense of the word, has certain rights with regard to the above, which we, by agreeing to back a project under Kickstarter's T&C's, to a certain extent waive. And in the meanwhile, Kickstarter makes a very firm point about not being a storefront; that money pledged is given to support a creative project against a defined reward, not to actually "purchase" anything, as such. And yes, much of these Kickstarter T&C's is just so much semantic BS. But the truth remains that the fundamental "customer-vendor" relationship here is not between backers and creators, but between the creators and Kickstarter. Kickstarter provides a service that the creators purchase for a commission on the pledged funds. But in the strictly legal sense then, are we backers customers of the creators, or of Kickstarter? I have no idea. If I purchase something from the Amazon Marketplace, am I legally a customer of Amazon, or of the individual Marketplace vendor? Ought to be the same thing. Same with eBay, Etsy, and so on. Someone with knowledge of the laws pertaining to these issues might be able to tell us? Again with the typos. I have to try to be less impatient and nerdy. The problem with with kickstarter is that it's demographic skews hard in favor of cheap, impatient nerds. Who else would prefer pay for an edgy electronic device @Roma - there was a time when 5/6 people thought the world was flat too. Truthfully I don't care what we're called, as long as I get a watch. Let's get back to something everyone (except probably you) agrees on...the complete lack of transparency and respect of the creator. You posted good questions that everyone should hear the answer to, yet you're sworn to secrecy so everyone else is in the dark...am I right @Spaz and @Jussi?? @Chris a comment on r/kickstarter "As an individual that works in venture capital, I think that people often don't realize that as a kickstarter "backer", you're not an investor. Legally and even technically, you're a customer. People that do kickstarters are looking for money, and backers choose how much money to give based on what product they will get in return. I see individuals taking so much pride in being a "backer", which is great, except when some forget that in kickstarter, after a campaign is successful, your part is done and you're no longer a relevant part of the company's success. I'm not saying YOU in particular, but some people don't understand the difference between investing in a company, and exchanging money for goods on kickstarter." Also, Kickstarter TOS exist only to cover their arse. They want all the money and zero responsibility. As to whether or not it would stand up in court is another matter. As far as I know, they have yet to be named in a suit. You can play semantics all day long but at the end of it, Kickstarter calls you a backer and the creator treats you as an informed pre-order. @Chris Mieckowski, no thanks. I'm not in it for the money. So I quess that means I haven't invested in anything. On the count so far, five out of six people don't think we're investors. Just FYI, looks like Dictionary.com somewhat agrees... Invest: to put (money) to use, by purchase or expenditure, in something offering potential profitable returns, as interest, income, or appreciation in value. @Roma - that's perfectly fine, you're free to do whatever you want with your investments. By the way, if you are looking to pick up one more I'll give you my December agent with charger for $300. That's a great value for what these things will be going for once they are finally delivered. @Jussi - major difference between us and gamblers is that gamblers can (and most often do) leave with nothing. Everything is at risk. Not so with Kickstarter, according to the ToS. Creators are required to deliver or refund. You can quibble on bankruptcies and the odds of ever receiving a refund, but as far as the Terms are concerned backers have no risk to capital, only to schedule. - I just have one question then, has anything from your estimated time line which you provided when you created you campaign been completed yet, besides the KS campign? Estimated timeline (approximate): - May-June 2013: Kickstarter campaign - June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode - October 2013 - FCC, CE, and Qi certification - November 2013 - parts arrive, pilot production begins - December 2013 - volume production begins Coming here is depressing, sorting through all that mombo jumbo about timeline or the meaning of being a backer. Ok, asked the backer of Oculus if they are investors? No they are not. Neither are we, we gave money away in the hope to may be get something back. No garantees in the fine prints. If you can't afford to loose the money, than you have nothing to do here. If you don't understand these are high risk gambles, you have nothing to do here. If you don't understands delay will be part of the experience, again you have nothing to do here. It's a bet on a dream. I still beleive these guys will pull it off, do I think they waited a little too long on one vendor, may be, but since I don't have the full behind the scene details, I gave them the benifit of the doubt knowing they want this project out as much as we do. Now can we go back to talk about the watch, we hope it can do, what we hope developpers will build on it. Because all that negative talk doesn't help, as some wise men said, "I never saw anything positive came out of a negative thinking process" My guess is that there will be no Agent in 2014. Your backers from Europe will probably pay more for tax and customs then what's this watch will be worth ... 2015. #refund After reading all the back and forth, I stand by us not being investors, at least not in SL+HoH. If anything our smart watch itself could be viewed as an investment, but if so it's likely a bad one. Short term it's a depreciating asset from the time we receive it. Way down the road (I'm looking at you original apple computers), there could be some value there. That'd be if it was in good condition, and SL+HoH become famous (the Rolex of smartwatches, being as popular and pristine). I for one, don't like the odds of it appreciating that much and would rather use it and not let it collect dust, that is if I can't get my #refund or chargeback. @Jussi, good post. Sometimes it feels like we are gambolling, like lambs to the slaughter. From a completely unbiased viewpoint, "gambler" probably IS the best analogy to "backer"... People (often actually the same people) variously try to equate "backers" with "customers" or "investors", depending on which suits their rhetorical agenda best at the moment. While we are in no way the creators' "customers", in the same sense that gambling also is "investing" by Chris's definition (give away capital on the off chance you get a profit from it), we could of course be called "investors". But in the type of context that these armchair lawyers usually want to draw upon in these discussions, "investor" tends to be taken rather in the sense of some kind of a venture capital investor, in the sense that "as investors", we would automatically be entitled to have a say in the proceedings. And that, we are NOT. No more so than someone gambling on a football match gets to have a say in whom a team appoints to any given position. The word "investor" thus becomes (intentionally) misleading, and is therefore inappropriate to use. No, I would say that the most just term that can be applied to backers, the one that best describes what we are, without implying anything beyond that (apart from "backers", of course) would be "stakeholders". . The problem with saying that "projects allow investors", depending on whether or not you get the reward at a discount, and/or earlier than others, and/or with other perceived value added to MSRP, of if you just get a pat on the back, is that whether or not you actually ARE an "investor" becomes exclusively a question of your personal intent when you back a project. Are you in fact counting on the added value -- either with the stated intent of liquidating the asset and gaining the added value in cold hard cash, or just because, e.g., being able to show something off before anyone else is valuable to YOU -- well, then you ARE an "investor", in the "gambler" sense of the word. If you back the exact same project because you like what you see and want to help the effort get off the ground (and getting the trinket is a nice incentive), or simply because you want the trinket, for yourself and/or others -- well, then you are NOT and "investor", just a "backer". You aren't gambling on the value of the trinket. And this, if nothing else, ought to highlight how utterly meaningless the position that "backers are investors" is. I must say, these comments are keeping me quite entertained while waiting for my Agent! Keep up the good work backers or investors, gamblers, suckers, early adopters, or whatever you think your role is here!! :) @Chris My legal counsel has informed me that I am actually gambling. @Chris Mieckowski, the bottom line is that Kickstarter uses the term "backer" because that's what have done - backed projects we like for whatever reason. No secret about my five Agents. Two are for my adult sons; two will be gifts for other special people; and one is for me. I hope that's OK. I really do hope that Agent is successful in this market once they (finally) release the product, just long enough for me to sell mine on ebay. With every company out there announcing watches, there is no way a little shop in NYC is going to come out ahead unless there is some absolute jaw dropping featureset, and I'm sorry but following this project like I have from the beginning, it's just not there. @Roma - it's interesting that you quote the lawyer when you think it helps your case but look at his last sentence. How many times have you seen people chastised here for making the same comment? And kickstarter probably doesn't use the word investor because not all projects allow investors (by offering a discounted price or early delivery). There are projects that offer a pat on the back for helping something happen...those aren't investors. Also, someone like you should be able to comprehend this very simply since you bought 5 of these. Is your plan to sell them for, hopefully, more than you paid for them? Look I have the exact answer to your question, and I want to publicly state that, but I can't tell you the answer. It's a secret. I'll tell one random backer but they are forbidden from telling you also. (Too soon?) @Spaz- getting a product below msrp or before anyone else, from an economics standpoint, is very similar. When you get something unavailable to everyone else the supply is very low, but if there is demand the value increases. So either way you paid a price and it is potentially worth more than you paid for it, even if it's temporary...hence an investor. Plus every project I've backed (not all that many) offered a discount and early delivery. Not trying to start arguments with anyone but with a @creator who selectively responds in secrecy...we need to burn time somehow! @spaztastic, thanks - good to know. Even the lawyer who sued said "I didn't do any due diligence. I didn't think I had to. I'm not investing. I'm not doing the same sort of things a potential shareholder would do. I'm just buying a product". @Robert Look at Rockthepost @Roma Google Seth Quest. @Chris Not all KS projects offer a discount off MSRP. It's more a you get it before everyone else kind of thing. So what are people who pledge to those projects called? @Chris Mieckowski, clear answer or muddled thinking? Why do you think Kickstarter uses the term "backer"? They want to put as much clear air as possible between our rights of recourse and those of investors, customers and any other term you care to use. When you hear of a case where backers succeed in suing a Kickstarter project creator, come back to us. I'm always surprised and somewhat amused by people who do not consider themselves investors. You are confusing investing with owning. Because you have zero equity you are not an owner, but because you offered a resource (capital) which has a chance to get you a profit you are, by definition, an investor. You offered capital and your hope is that when you receive your reward it will be worth more than you paid for it (hence the discount below MSRP). There is a chance that the watch never shows up or that it can't sell and then it is worth less than you paid (a bad investment). There are already examples of this by people who have sold their pledges for a loss. Bottom line, equity makes you an owner, not an investor. Think about people who offer capital in exchange for something like royalties. They may not have any equity either, but they are still investors. Now get back to bickering about schedule or communication or materials...not something like this which has a clear answer. @Steve - while the percentage isn't the dealbreaker (many stockholders own MUCH smaller percentages of large companies, and get a vote), the lack of equity in the company makes us not investors. I wish there were an equity based kickstarter, as there are some projects I'd back here but not want equity, and others where I don't want the reward, but see a good future business so would like to invest. I'm always surprised and somewhat amused when I see backers referring to themselves as "investors" and who seriously seem to believe that their individual < 0.0002%-of-the-overall-funding-goal pledge entitles them to a "vote". If I've learned anything from Kickstarter, it's this: if I were an inventor, I'd sooner sell a kidney before I'd come here and ask strangers for money. I've been pretty quiet on this one, but, it's at the point now where I'm about to hit a decision point. Some are speculating a Nokia watch announcement at BUILD next week and, if they are in fact building one I can only imagine that it will likely be the best experience we Windows Phone users will get out of a smart watch. That said, if there's some insider info which may be related to features or delivery of our watches, it would be nice to know. If Nokia hits the market with something that does what I'm looking for this watch to do and I can actually get my hands on it, interest in the Agent will be lost. Mine does as well. Not saying I agree with every decision, but I've got a much smaller stake and have the benefit of hindsight. Once again, my support of makers remains positively unwavering. I did that because I publicly asked the same questions before I decided the better course was to PM him. He responded to them all but I didn't say he necessarily answered them all. I wanted backers (we aren't investors) to know that he did respond and in quite considerable detail. I can see why any Kickstarter project creator with half a brain is very guarded about what they say publicly to their backers. The lunatic fringe (those who decide to see estimated dates as rolled gold promises and say things like "you said you would use xxx for the watchcase material" when that is patently untrue) would make anyone wary of saying anything. The fringe spoil it for everyone. Why would you 'publicly' thank someone for what is effectively a secret. Surely you're just opening a can of worms with backers. We are all investors in this project No NDA. I was asked to not share any details he gave me. I feel very, very comfortable about my decision to buy 5 Agents. I'm going to pretend Roma signed an NDA. Not crazy about the decision to talk about it though. Can you at least disclose if it gave you a warm fuzzy feeling or a sad cloudy one? I only posted my last comment publicly because, out of frustration, I had posted my questions publicly as well as privately. It probably helps that I have developed a relationship with Chris through several PM exchanges, some of which were about 4 other pledges I had bought. Cause or effect, I don't know. agree with @Robert Holbert - there shouldn't be any information that is privy to one backer and not the rest. What differentiates @Roma from the rest of us, that he/she gets info that the rest of us do not have access to. Poorly handled by @creator... @Roma - While I completely support your keeping the PM Private since it was requested, I believe that questions that are of interest to the general public should have answers shared. That's yet another communication issue I have, them not making more information public. That's not to say I'd want you to post the contents, rather I think if anything is relevant to the larger audience @creator should post publicly. @ChrisJutting @Creator I, too, am interested in hearing about Windows Phone integration and what we could expect in terms of notifications/capabilities. My personal preference would be to see the watch handle every notification I receive. I'd like to request all notifications for windows phone. I assume we'll have to see what kind of APIs WP8.1 brings for this. @Creator, do you have any info on this? I would like to publicly thank @Creator for a comprehensive and highly detailed PM responding to my earlier questions. I will respect his request to keep the contents of his PM private. +1 for being able to show all notifications (with optional vibrating), but for Android ;) And integration with Philips Hue would be awesome! @Chris - Aside from the ability to receive the same notification I receive in my iOS Notification Center (All of them, without powertools or third-party development), I'd like to be able to receive sports updates, have basic games (pong, tetris, type), use turn by turn navigation, have a bicycle computer, have fitness tracking, be able to control Belkin WeMo and Phillips Hue Devices, View Facebook / Twitter News Feeds, and many more functions. Those later ones are the ones where I have large concern. I don't see Facebook or Twitter for example developing an app for a smartwatch with a small fraction of market share (which Agent's potential market share is shrinking as the delays continue), and don't want to count on a third-party app for something like this, since the potential developer community will shrink as time goes on as well. There are some great apps out for Pebble, and any Google/Apple watch which supports an app store will get plenty of apps. I'm worried Agent won't have that same community. @Chris - I too would love to hear about that software support. I think that's my number one concern - that you guys are counting on developers for core functionality, and a lack of market share could lead to a lack of developers if Apple / Google bring devices to the table. To say it again, if it's a quality product, it will have longevity. I wish I had it 3 months ago, but I've seen many quality products delayed longer and turn out just fine. When I ordered it, I planned on using it for more than a couple months and not just throwing it away when apple makes an announcement. Also, if the hardware is solid, communities will definitely pick it up. I think the Sony one is quite active with a far inferior product (hopefully). People like to tinker with things, lack of extreme popularity might only effect the watch short term. How were the risks played down? How should they have been stated? Dealing with 3rd parties is always tricky - especially if they aren't giving you accurate estimates. I don't think details of each setback with the backlights would have helped (which I think would have led to more complaints as each decision was second guessed). Indeed, the risks were played down ... You had 2 companies, a micro electronics specialist and a professional watch-maker... Claimed to have spent a long time in the dark developing this Made it sound like an extremely low-risk venture. Its the only reason i back it, i'd previous gone with Pebble but it was a sub-standard, poorly made and flimsy product in the end. Luckily was able to sell mine on eBay for the same as my pledge so got out of that one. The internal componentry might be 'cutting edge for years' which is great for longevity of the hardware .... but smartwatch is as much about the software and support as it is the hardware. Pebble had decent SW but poor HW (in my opinion) ... this now feels like the exact opposite. Lovely hardware but with little / no software support. Therefore while they are capable and will no doubt meet the letter of the law regarding KS's ToS they are now in breach of its spirit. Which means we're stuck and with just a sliver of hope that some dev's might bring some functionality to this but it's looking exceedingly unlikely at this stage. They have the means to offer redunds (its documented in KS's ToS plain as day) but they lack the desire. I would disagree on that point, but to each his own. I don't think a chargeback is a proper response though. @Rick - That is true, however they weren't upfront about some things. I'm not going to get into all of those details here. Their response seems reasonable. They think they can deliver and meet the kickstarter TOS. They would rather hold onto their money. You did agree to that by backing the project. If you don't want your watch they will help you sell it. For anybody else who requested a #refund - Here's the response I got. If SL+HoH truly believed in their reservation list, they should be wanting to refund a pledge of $179 that they can sell for their MSRP of $299. For those talking about investing, that's a return of 67% in 6 months, or an AMAZING return. I don't believe they will be able to do what they're saying, which is why I don't want that risk. Hi Robert, Thank you very much for your e-mail. Kickstarter is a place for like-minded individuals to come together, pooling our resources to make awesome creative projects (and products) possible. Kickstarter is not a store, and so there are no orders (or order cancellations/returns, refunds for returns, etc.) like those you'd experience in a traditional sales environment. Our creative project offered backers the option of selecting an AGENT Smartwatch (or watch + charger) as their reward for supporting the project. The road to production had some schedule risks as discussed on the project page; we tried to avoid most or all of those risks--but a few of the challenges slowed us down a bit. We're pushing hard to get past the last few milestones now on the road to production, and we look forward to getting an AGENT Smartwatch onto your wrist as soon as possible. We'll keep you apprised, once or twice each month, of the project status via our regular Kickstarter Updates on the Updates page. In the meantime, we understand that some backers have run into unforeseen circumstances or no longer want the reward they chose, and we're here for you. If you would like us to help facilitate the sale of your reward once it's off the production line, we will be happy to help. We have a large, growing list of reservations. We can't express enough how much your help means to us, to see AGENT become a reality. Please stay tuned as we get your reward ready for shipment; we have a few cool surprises in store yet as well. Thanks you as always for your support, Chris @Creator - Thanks for addressing my comment finally. Watch for a PM. @Creator, Could the high-tech fashion smartwatch comes with Sapphire Glass? Thanks. This user's account has been deleted. Creators lack of a response to our #refund requests has prompted me to initiate a chargeback request through my bank. I will let people know the results. I put the request in for failure to deliver within a reasonable timeline (based on both initial estimate and then Q1 delivery estimate), as well as changes to the design. Neither of these would be as major an issue if it weren't for issues I've brought up before over a lack of future market share leading to less interest for developers, and the fact that it will be old technology. The "millions of components" they already purchased cannot be upgraded, and their planned upgrades are failing. The only update they're doing is a firmware update, but that doesn't change the fact that their components will largely be outdated / older. Possible for refunds? Were suppose to be gift on February for my son.. Well.. @Creator In light of the new schedule and because of the fact that the risk connected with the backlight being far from finalized was not highlighted on the project presentation page, the option to get a #refund would be welcome @Mirco Actually, there is no "secret" that Pebble is hiding from the rest of the world. I'm not an expert on Bluetooth, so my following comments may not be very precise. There are a number of BT profiles, each of them for a specific task, like for headsets, audio and so on. And there is a protocol (RFCOMM) that works like a serial interface and can be used to do serial communication of any kind. Now, one of the problems of WP8 is that is does not allow 3rd party apps to keep an open BT connection if the specific app is in the background or the device is in sleep mode (display turned off). There are just a few exceptions like for headsets and audio. And, as already mentioned, there is no notification center available in WP8 and an app is not able to access data of another app. So, even if WP8 would allow to keep an RFCOMM connection open, the app would not be able to get the data of an incoming e-mail, for example. When I came aware of this restrictions of WP8 (a few months ago), I started trying to find out what kind of notifications the Agent will support exactly. Without success so far, all I know is, "the AGENT is designed around a much more intelligent notification Plattform". You probably know what this means, I don't. I'm sorry, but for me this is just blabla, as long as I don't know any details. @Creator: If what I said above is just bullish*t, please correct me. @mirco Klein again, Again you seem to sidestep the question. We all know that the creators don't get 100% of the funding nor that they were developing the backlight themselves. But I doubt they've taken on an extra person for this project (judging on what's been produced) and am trying to work out how much of an outlay for a sample backlight costs  maybe the creator would care to share that with us? Again, I doubt even 10% of the budget has been spent as supposedly all that's been done is wait for a backlight. @Dino - I agree about the software that's bundled with Agent. That's one of my biggest concerns with the delay. When, not if, additional major smartwatches are announced prior to the launch of Agent, it'll lose even more market share. Without major market share it won't attract large app developers. Chris keeps talking about their SDK and how great that is so app developers can code everything we need, but without app developers it doesn't matter how good the SDK is. I worry that they're counting too much on app developers, and I'm going to end up with a smartwatch that won't even perform the basic functions I'd expect. Oh, and of course, #refund. @Mirco - I'm not a developer, just a user, so can't say how it works, but on Android, anything which appears in the notification centre can be sent to Pebble with an additional app - just one which covers everything. The main Pebble app covers the basics. On iOS, the basics were covered and I believe you can get a lot more now. Agent probably won't have the number of developers and may struggle to get other firms to develop apps for them (Mercedes, eBay, Evernote, Yelp etc), so the baked in software is key. It has to be at least as good as the latest Pebble software and probably better straight out of the box. If it can do that, it may be a commercial success. It'll never sell the numbers Pebble has or the Moto watch will, but then I doubt HoH sell as many watches as Casio and neither do Rolex. Horses for courses and all that. @Dino Thanks for the explanation even though i still don't understand it fully but I think it's because of my lack of technical experience (I did not really work with any mobile platform yet beside some small stuff and notifications are not on my plan yet but maybe there's some chance in the future for me to actually use notifications so I can learn more about it) @Frank Ok, you won :) I admit that my comment(s) are stupid and the point about pebble is complete bullsh*t, of course, they don't tell us their secret but in the core it still would be the best possibility to learn about the functionality of pebble in that case, if the world would be fair but unfortunately, it isn't always @Mirco Sorry, I misunderstood. Of course the Audi drivers ask BMW and tell Audi how it works! @Mirco BMW introduces a new feature. Of course Audi drivers want this feature too. So, the Audi engineers visit BMW and ask how they do it? @Mirco "speculating" You mean 4 months after the planned release (delayed by hardware issues) Chris has still to speculate what the software features will be? Sounds reasonable to me... @Mirco - the Pebble app forwards text, mail and WhatsApp messages itself. It also allows quiet time. On Android, one 3rd party app will send any other notification to the watch - Twitter, Facebook, system notifications etc, all selectable individually. iOS initially was a bit limited, but could do calls and texts. It was given a big update just after I swapped to Android. They also got the latest version of the app with the app store earlier. Both platforms are pretty close now, apart from the systems notifications which probably aren't necessary anyway. After 6 months of having a Pebble, I've reduced many of the notifications, as they can become annoying. The issue will be texts - many people use several platforms for texts, which probably means a 3rd party app to push them through. And a 3rd party app needs a developer. @Frank To be fair, we should also have now the point of view from an iOS user so we can see what pebble can do there and what not. On Android, almost everything is possible so maybe it's something what the companion app does so you can receive every kind of notification but again, I'm not the right one for such kinds of question as I don't know those things exactly, I can only assume what's going on. And why should I not be serious with my answers? Chris said, that it's possible to get notifications over BT and the exact amount etc would depend on the platforms implementation. I know it's not really deep on the level of information but maybe it's all what Chris currently can say without speculating? I also know that it's mostly the same answer as of months ago but for that you need someone else to judge as I cannot tell something reliable how to interpret it. About asking pebble: I don't see the reason why it should be a joke, if we really want to know what's exactly going on, then asking pebble would be best way currently as no one beside the pebble stuff knows 100%, what happens. @Mirco "The thing is that probably all stuff is already said so Chris doesn't answer the question anymore. We should ask Pebble how they realized it and then we should know what's possible and what we need" I'm really sorry, but sometimes I just can't believe that you are really serious with your comments. If Chris already answered what kind of notifications (I mean exactly what kind of notifications and not just blabla about "notifications, etc."); i must have missed it. And the suggestion that we may ask Pebble how they do it must be really a joke, isn't it? @Mirco OK, let me tell you the whole story... I own a Pebble and a Galaxy Nexus and I was quite happy with it. The Pebble shows me every e-mail I received (sender and content), it shows me every Whatsapp message and so on. The Pebble can show me just every notification from Android but it lets me switch every notification on/off based on the app that generated the notification. I was quite happy with this until I saw the Agent Kickstarter project. I just saw WP8 support, .NET micro framework and notifications, what made me backing the Agent and buy a Nokia 920. I'm a full time .NET developer but didn't know much about WP at the time I backed the Agent. After starting to have a look at the WP SDK I realized that what the Pebble can do with notifications is just not possible with WP8 (it probably will be with WP8.1) because WP8 doesn't have a notification center and it does not allow an app to access data of another app. This is of course the reason why Pebble doesn't support WP8. After realizing the WP8 restrictions I tried to find out what kind of notifications can be forwarded to the Agent at all... with no success up to now. Sorry for the long post... @Rick The point about the APIs is exactly what I mean we would have to ask the pebble or whatsapp team. On windows phone you normally cannot access the videos at the moment but still whatsapp and another app have this kind of access so it's also possible that there are some private APIs available which whatsapp can use @mirco it wasn't real advice. I'm sure Frank hasn't been sending emails in German, especially since he speaks English just fine :) Whatsapp appears to have some apis available. I suspect an enterprising developer will add the bt notifications if they aren't immediately accessible. @Rick If your advice was meant for Frank because he's talking to me, then there's no problem because I'm german too so I understood what Frank meant :) But I also think that you want to understand, what he meant so I'll describe it to you: Frank said, that he tried to get an answer from chris about the notifications now for several months but each time with no success and he means, that it will also not work this time. @Frank Ok, wenn die Pebble das kann, dann wohl eben ber MAP oder so, ich habe ja wie gesagt keine groe Ahnung von der technischen Seite bei BT, ich bin da lediglich der Consumer :) Die Sache wird wohl sein, dass wohl alles gesagt ist, daher antwortet Chris nicht. Man msste mal bei Pebble anfragen, wie die das realisieren und dann sehen wir ja, was ntig ist. --For all others (more or less a translation from the german text above but I translated it less literal so it's a bit different)-- Ok so if pebble can do that, then it's probably made over the BT MAP profile but as said, I'm not a technician about BT, I'm rather a consumer so I don't really know how it's made. The thing is that probably all stuff is already said so Chris doesn't answer the question anymore. We should ask Pebble how they realized it and then we should know what's possible and what we need @Chris Feel free to correct me if I told something wrong, I don't intend to accuse you with false things :) @Frank versuchen Sie, die Frage in Englisch :) @Mirco Meine Pebble kann das Alles, halt nur mit Android/iOS. Ich versuche seit Monaten eine Antwort aus Chris rauszuquetschen... es wird auch dieses Mal nicht klappen, wetten? @Frank At least for WhatsApp I think it's not possible because WhatsApp has to support this. But I also must say, that I don't know exactly, maybe it is possible because of the BT Profiles which Chris named below. Of course it's an important and interesting question and also relevant for me, since I'm owning a Nokia Lumia 1520 :) @Creator "AGENT is designed around a much more intelligent notification platform, " This sounds very interesting. Could you share details on this "intelligent notification platform"? @Creator My "notification scenario" is quite simple. I want to get a notification on the Agent on each and every e-mail I receive. I want to be able to set a time range where I don't want to get them forwarded and I want to be able to switch off the forwarding of e-mail notifications at all. And the same applies to text messages (SMS) and Whatsapp messages. And yes, I want this out of the box without having to think about "power tools" and 3rd party apps. Oh, and finally, I want all of this with my Nokia 920. @Creators Just because I'm curios: Would it maybe possible that the agent can act as relay for audio data? I don't know much about bluetooth and it's profiles but as you may remeber, I asked a few months ago, if I can use my agent and a bluetooth receiver on my windows phone together at one time because both use AVRCP (the receiver can only play/pause music, it cannot skip tracks) I think win phone does not allow two devices to use the same profile (I don't also know if WP can support 2 connections at once) One of the main reasons for backing the agent was the music control (and also of course the other cool features such as integration into apps etc.) and later last year I bought that receiver without really thinking about support so I want to use both devices. If you want (because it's probably not really inteded for the comments here) i can write you the situation again over PM/Mail so we can talk better @Creator: What kind of notifications? To be precise, do I get notifications on: 1. E-Mail receipt 2. Text message (SMS) receipt 3. Whatsapp message receipt Please answer 1. to 3. with Yes of No @Creator: Thanks! But, please, give us a feature matrix now. What notifications will be supported out of the box. And please, don't tell us again what 3rd party apps may support. "always finished" -> "almost finished" @Mirco To make it short: They just couldn't afford to have spent a lot of the money already because they will need most of it for production. The thing is, they said they had an always finished product and have lost almost a year with this backlight issue (it's almost a year because this didn't start in December, it started in June or even earlier). @Chris No, I didn't really ditch your question, I only had not much time earlier so I couldn't write something beside my posted comment. I don't know exactly what the agreements between the creators and their 3rd party suppliers are, but let's first assume some basic things: 1. As I said earlier, the funds displayed on the right of this page are not really the amount of money they received because amazon and KS surely took their piece from the money (idk the exact amount currently) 2. Frank pointed out, that they created the electrical circuitry and the core software for the AGENT. Based on that, I understand it that they at least created their board layout and the basic firmware, backlights are not part of that, otherwise it wouldn't make sense to create the backlights 3. Assuming they got 900k (for easier math) then 10% of the funds would be 90k. Based on the fact that they are working for about a year now, 90k are imo a little bit too less for paying for all things because the staff also has to be paid. I don't think they used staff from their existing business, maybe they have but stll they have to pay their staff etc. The suppliers also surely want their cut for making the prototypes etc but here again, i don't know the agreements and I also cannot tell anything else because I don't have no experience with that kind of stuff (I'm a developer but I'm able to ask some coworkers so I could probably get some rough information how it is handled in the office where I'm working) If I'm somewhere wrong, feel free to correct me but my main point is, that 10% of the funds are not enough, they surely have paid more. About their work, I cannot tell something reliable because I don't know their staff so I cannot tell whos working on what part. The only thing I can tell is that Chris (the creator) is working more than normal (90h per week and more) based on his comments (again, if I misunderstood something, please correct me) @roma - the only reason we're taking shots in the dark (ironic enough due to it being lighting issues that are the hold up) is because the creator refuses to honour even their own update schedule. @mirco Klein - I notice you've failed to answer any of my questions around where you think this funding has been spent - is that because its easier to just slag someone off than come up with a decent piece of reasoning as to where's how anything more than about 10% of these funds should have yet been spent? And don't come up with the base components/software/firmware as an argument as Frank Scchmidberger correctly points out they claim to have already had all this in place. #refund #agentVapourware @Mirco: "Before starting this Kickstarter campaign, we created the electrical circuitry and core software for the AGENT smartwatch. That is the riskiest part of the project, and we felt that we needed to take that risk ourselves." Gone with the Pebble Steel. Just my luck there will probably be a leak of the new watch from Apple tomorrow. I hope everyone does get to enjoy their agent watch. #dontcareforarefund #givenuphopeonagent #takecare You all know what AGENT and the other smartwatches have in common? They all were or are being developed for a long time, 1-2 years at least, maybe even more time. The only difference (beside the differences in hardware, functions etc, I mean only the core difference in development): Here with the AGENT, we notice the development process (or should do but the lack of communication stands on another page) and therefore we know that it's late. How knows if the other watches aren't also released later then thought? This is probably not true for samsung because shit does not have to be researched and developed but for all other smartwatches it culd be also true we only don't know what happened, we only see, that the product is here and that's the thing what most of you should also take o your mind, when asking for a refund. You sure can continue asking but I think you still should think about it. #JustMy2Cents #NotAskingForRefund #IBackedAndIWillSupportIt #Hashtag I solemnly PLEDGE my support to this campaign, I know it is a PROJECT by a small company and things may not turn out as per the original plan. Yet I understand that its how Kickstarter and crowd funding work. If during the ensuing time other smart watches come out and the timeline for delivery doesn't suit i will ask for a #Refund as my right because I deserve it. #getoverit #itsafrakingsmartwatch @Spencer Kaplan: No, not "as much as we want it". Maybe "wantED it", since I don't want it anymore. "Jamie Wallis" said it, timing was everything. Check the Agent development forums, the last post is from Feb 17th. That's not what an active developer community looks like. And it certainly doesn't instill any hope in me that this watch will ever be more useful to me, on Windows Phone, in anything other than what basic bluetooth profiles do. Which probably is to show callerId and remote control the music player (coincidentally being the only use case for which in regards to Windows Phone I saw a picture of, in the original campaign). #refund #dontunderstanddevelopment #dontunderstandestimates #dontunderstandkickstarter #refund Bad things happen sometimes, doesn't mean everyone isn't working hard to deliver. #getoverit #itsafrakingsmartwatch Give them a break guys. I understand and are as angry/disappointed as all of you. We all feel like the money has been incorrectly invested and extensive research should have been put in before spending 3 months and countless dollars on the backlights. However, this is a first time project and we all should understand that the creators are new to this. Maybe they should have started with something smaller but this again is still their first time. Before we all lose it we have to understand that no firm business relationships had existed and although that should have been addressed, we should be understanding and patient. That being said, I believe this recent delay puts a lot more pressure on the creators to get this project into production by August. Come on guys, show some sympathy, they want to get this to us just a much as we want it. We should all look on the bright side. At least facebook isn't going to acquire this project! Backed this because of the windows phone support. Guess I can't be too upset since there still isn't a real contender for WP8 yet. From the forum: ----------------------------------------------- the structural changes for the backlight do affect the materials we use for various parts of the case construction. We're working through those structural requirements now and will be making CNC-milled or molded samples soon, for our final tests. -------------------------------------------------------- <url>"Robert Holbert" said. I also couldn't help but notice the one camera phone picture, where taking pictures was mentioned as reason why the update took longer. Not that delayed updates even surprise me anymore. I have this faint recollection on being promised two updates per month, but it's been so long, I don't even know anymore. Who wants my "December" agent + charger? ... #refund Things are getting out of hand with this project... I backed this watch because we were dealing with, on the face of it, people who'd built this kind of thing before... but like others are saying ... suddenly adding this unannounced bonus that isn't now happening has delayed the project several months. The problem is now that these delays are leaving us with a smartwatch that won't be smart ... dev's are going to move to Google Wear or stick with Pebble which is gaining traction Timing was everything with this project ... i'm really sad about how its going and the lack of transparency A #Refund would be appreciated at this point for those who want it. I now count myself among those who do. Crikey, a bunch of amateurs (us) having shots in the dark (uninformed guesses) about what has been done (progress) using the available resources (our money). I think sarcasm would be more useful. Or, at the very least, irony (at the risk of excluding our US friends :) I don't want a refund, but I am completely confused by this morning's comment from @Creator. "From Chris -- we were hoping to surprise you all with a cool upgrade to that light-guide film, one of a few unannounced upgrades, but unfortunately it was not meant to be. :( " How can an unannounced upgrade destroy the critical path of a project. IF that was what has been holding up the final design and ultimate development, something should have been said about it long ago. As I have said before, i get it. Things happen, but either something is not quite truthful here or some shockingly bad decisions have been made. @mirco Klein - these guys aren't even making the backlights (from what I've read) its a third party. Odds are they've paid very little if anything for a prototype backlight - I'd estimate 90+% of the funds haven't been spent (well, not on the project anyway). Rather than relying on sarcasm (the lowest form of wit) why dont we just have a civilised discusssion about where you think the money has gone, what they have/are spending their time on - i.e. give me a break down of what you think they've done and the costs associated with it. #refund Also, the ever outstanding question on case material and water resistance creator - any answers appreciated (more from a curiosity pov now). @creator With the new backlight, what are the new battery life numbers you anticipate? @Creator, you said you'd be monitoring backers' comments for questions following Update #18. There have been several so far, including my own. You have responded to one about battery life with the new backlight, but there are many more. I hope you will respond to the questions in the near future. @Nick, I am on Indiegogo, right? Just a poor girl bumbling around :) The first project I ever pledged in 2010 finally sent me a survey today for the reward LOL . 4 year wait not bad @Wayne - I know! Haha! Cheers Mate! #Refund #refund @Nick #geek This is a great Project to spend your #Refund on! <url>#Fun! #refund @Roma - Do you know who you're supposed to be directing your questions to?! #Refund @angelica +1, and to be precise, 24+ hours for what @creator called a "quick camera-phone photo" Sorry, meant to address to Sean and refer to Angelica. @Angelica, it seems (and sounds like) she's a Ouya victim. No idea who Angelica Eriksson is but based on her comments, I like her! @creator From the moment you wrote that you were taking pictures for the update to the actual update was posted it took more than 24 hours. In the update I only see one picture shot with a camera. The other two are computer generated. Did it really take you 24 hours to take one picture? To all you "lawyers" out there, defending @creator and telling other people what to do and think: firstly, everyone is entitled to their own opinion. Secondly, I haven't seen any proof of @creator working hard (seems to me more like hardly working). Do you actually have any proof of @creator working as hard as you say they do. One last thing; we are now three months overdue and the only progress is the charger (which not everyone backed in the first place) and design change of the wrist strap (which no one asked for). Has anyone here tried calling them and asking for a refund? <url>"predict" this timeline for delivery. I was just wrong about it being over a year late....but wait, could there be another delay on the horizon? All this due to a freaking backlight? Seriously? +1 for this being a "hobby" theory. Stephen Mitchell on Mar 13 Anyone notice this.....QUOTE "@Rena B -- as @Roma mentioned, we will be asking for your shipping address via an official Kickstarter survey later this year." Later this year? August+? Either way, this will be over a year late. Thoroughly disgusted. #Someoneaskedforarefundagain #KickstarterRefunds <url>#Refund Ok, what do you know. Another kickstarter that I've funded that has again totally missed it's timelines/dates. I am in the boat of wanting my funding back too. I'd rather spend the money on a Pebble or one of the next gen smartwatches that WILL BE RELEASED this year. I doubt we will see our Agent's in 2014. Can we get a refund since the dates have slipped so far? Well said @Robert + 1 for refund. I had waited enough. @Jeroen - It may be my opinion that the project is failing, which is why I am asking for a refund for ME, not for EVERYBODY. And this one being unique and not popular is not an advantage. They've been very clear that they aren't investing in developing watch apps, rather are counting on community development. If a watch isn't popular the big name app makers have no incentive to code for it. That being said, the biggest failure is the lack of communication. I've seen promise after promise be broken with regard to communication. Yes, the last update was very transparent, but even it was late and the promises made to answer questions about it have been broken, not surprisingly. I have another project that I backed that was supposed to be delivered last august, also technology. It's still not here but I'm not asking for a refund, the difference, it's delayed because they decided to put in upgrades. They also respond to questions every single day, post more frequent updates, and have offered refunds to anybody who wants one since the project is delayed. @Robert I get it, but it is still YOUR opinion that this project is failing and that you're getting a non cutting edge watch. The watch might even in August be cutting edge. You can only judge that when it's on your wrist. Maybe it's a even fantastic watch. When do you think they started developing all the other watches that come out this year? There's something crappy about all of them. But at least this one is a unique one and not a lot of people in the world will have one. That's what I like about it. Providing of course it will reach our wrists, but that's something I'm still hoping for. :) @Jeroen - Yes investing is a risk, but we aren't investors. Investors get equity. I know a refund is not part of the Kickstarter deal, but this project is failing. The Kickstarter terms state that if the creator can't deliver a reward, they must give a refund. I'm supposed to get a cutting edge smartwatch as my reward, and that's no longer the case. Investing = taking risks. Stop whining, go buy a Pebble. Asking for a refund is not part of the Kickstarter deal. Like somebody already said here: if you buy a lottery ticket and you don't win, are you going to get your money back that you invested in the ticket? No, you took a chance! Am I disappointed? Yes, but life is full of disappointments. @Creator, Is it possible then to have Sapphire Glass to at least make the Agent watch more on the premium side? Robert, I couldn't have put it better. Well said. This project has become a very unfunny joke +1 for refunds for backers who want them. The TOTAL FAILURE with regard to communication, as well as the continuous problems and delays are unacceptable for a project like this. I, like many others, backed this to have cutting edge technology. In December, this would have been the latest and greatest. Now, 8 months later, it is going to be far from it. The largest adverse effect, since you aren't developing many apps, will be the lack of a developer community. With Pebble now clearly leading the market, and google's wearable project launching, agent will be left to die. Add in that by the time Agent is publicly available there will be an Apple Smartwatch, and agent will be one of the largest Kickstarter failures ever. Worse off than even the Pebble. Every post you made during the campaign, every interview you had, everything you lead us to believe, is wrong. You made clear claims that you weren't like the others, you'd be able to deliver on time, etc etc. You made promises to communicate, which you've now had to go back on. Every update you've promised recently has been late. Even since then, you promised to monitor the comments section and the update comments to answer questions, and rather than answering questions you simply posted one comment beating around the bush. Please make a fair process for refunds that won't affect those who want to maintain their pledge. I hate to be so harsh but I've given the benefit of the doubt so many times on this, but now it's just such a failure that I can't be involved. Like others have said, please show us that you have the morals and dignity of a fair company and offer refunds for YOUR failure. despite the push back on the date of the projected production run, i still think the guys are doin' a good job in terms of R&D and trying to pull things together. (At least, they are still working on it) I just hope by the time they come out, the watch will still have a competitive edge against the new android wears... @Creator: Yes, the delay is disappointing. But to me it is a lot more disappointing that you just deny to tell us what features the Agent will have... For example, why didn't you answer this question from the forum: "A suggestion; since smartphone support questions CONSTANTLY appear in this forum, is too take the chart from findthebest.com and repost it with corrections in your next kickstarter update. We would all like to see a little checkmarks next to the Windows Phone 8 and notifcations features." Whenever someone asks for details on notifications you answer with a lot of blahblah or you ignore the question at all! Why don't you post a video demonstrating the companion app on iOS, Android and WP8? Does a companion app even exist already? I doubt it! @Creator, @Everyone I'd be lying if I said that I wasn't disappointed with the current timeline projections. However, anyone that knows anything about Kickstarters should know that delays happen all the time on here. When I backed this project, I knew that the chances were that I would not be getting my watch for Christmas 2013. I was hoping for March 2014, to be honest, but that is clearly not happening. I'm still happy that I'm backing this project, but more frequent updates would certainly be welcomed. I really appreciate the thought and effort that has gone into each update so far, but truthfully, keeping backers updated on ETAs would be preferable in my eyes. Anyway, that's my two cents. Keep up the good work! @Chris... don't forget, we got that snazzy band that no one asked for over the last six months! This is really disappointing. But I guess that's how it goes. Projects fail all the time, often big ones, and often spectacularly. Anyone who thought this was even close to being a sure thing did not do their homework. A friend of mine runs a blog that specializes in failed projects. If you think this project has problems, check out "catalogue of catastrophe". I do not think it is unreasonable for any backer who wants their money back TO GET THEIR MONEY BACK. After all, with all the delays and shucking and jiving going on, it is not hard to expect some people to be skeptical or even disillusioned. These people, if they want their money money back, they should get their money back. I am one of these people. I simply want my money back. That's all. @Ben Abrams +1 @Chris Ok so you're telling me that there's no real progress and therefore the costs could not be that great? Even more awesome, I could also need some developers who love to work for free :) And because the prototyping if the backlights did also costs not much I should probably do also some requests, maybe they are willing to help me Thanks to you, you changed the way I see things and I really thought that doing something costs enough, how stupid I was the whole time. Oh and because you are so experienced, I would recommend you to help the creators build the watch, not only it could progress faster, no, its also much cheaper than formerly thought. With you, the creators could for sure keep some of the earned money so we're having some kind, good interest here (To all, I hope you see the level of sarcasm in my words but I cannot resist sometimes) @Chris, I'm one who has been critical of you regarding your claims for a chargeback but not about your other questions. I was surprised that this is your first comment since the Update became overdue and I give you credit for that. Meant sincerely. @mirco Klein - what work? We've had a few updates on Bluetooth, a small screen/backlight update and an sdk. I could hire someone to produce that for 10k. There's no solid product movement and as I keep asking for, no original project plan showing that they could get parts on time, fabrication and testing done. Certain people seem to keep getting very upset with me asking questions about how/where our money is/being spent - that just seems a little odd or naive to me, these guys have an awful lot of money and not much to show for it - no stock, no product nothing as far as I can see. HoH/Secret Labs - do the decent thing and refund those who want their money back before you start getting credit card chargeback fees added on too (and you keep some credibility). @Creator, you invited questions. Here are mine: 1. You originally estimated 7 days (typical) battery life. Using the less advanced backlighting, what is your estimate now? 2. Given no other changes, what estimated difference will the backlight change make to the thickness of the watch? 3. When in your new timeline will you decide about the watchcase materials? 4. Are there any other components which you are not certain about being able to procure on spec and on time? 5. In what respects will Agent still be a relevant and competitive smartwatch option by the time it is on our wrists? 6. Will Agent v1 (the physical product) be your last smartwatch? How likely is it that you'll make a new one down the track? 7. What risks to the project would there be if you made a good faith offer to refund a total of say $100,000 to interested backers via a simple lottery process? Thanks. From my personal perspective it feels like this project is being worked on as a hobby, it would explain the long disappearances then the sudden random crazy late nights. Being a Mechanical Engineer myself, for a national security alarm manufacture, I must say that I am very disappointed with this news. My team-mates and I deal with this stuff every single day and we have NEVER had such a situation. We contract an exorbitant number of suppliers for a huge range of parts for our devices and if I or any of my colleagues allowed something like this to go down, we'd be out of a job! Anyone here can point fingers as much as they want, but ultimately H.o.H. is responsible for this delay in one way or another. From my personal perspective it feels like this project is being worked on as a hobby, it would explain the long disappearances then the sudden random crazy late nights. I funded $150 towards a company that I know nothing about but I took a leap of faith that they would deliver, a leap that I am now considering a loss. The smart-watch industry is moving way to quickly, and this watch in all of its glory will be a relic by August with the selection that will be on the market by then. Personally Id like to see HoH offer those that want out the chance to do so, if they are so confident in their product and its potential for growth then they should not mind letting those that are unhappy go. Is Nick Martin Paul Tsai resurrected? Every evening I look at a Pebble sitting on the counter charging and I still have zero interest in purchasing one. It looks like it came out of a cracker jack box. My wife loves it but she doesn't really care what it looks like. One thing though... in meetings people are always thinking she is in a hurry because it's constantly going off and of course she has to look. Agree, pls have option that we can choice refund ... @Roma. I'm considering the same, but it would have to be the steel at this point. I am also curious what the estimated delay would be for the "better" backlight. Also do you need the production backlight for radio certifications or can you get certifications with a prototype backlight? Could you get radio certifications with the prototype backlight and then go through an expedited re-certification when you change to a production backlight? There may be costs or other things I am unaware of but I don't know how much impact the light would have on the radios and what types of changes the FCC would consider inconsequential for the purposes of certification. So if they say the "start" fulfillment in AUG how long until all are fulfilled/ how fast can they produce once all aspects are in hand? I feel that this going into 2015 and the battery life is going to be terrible now and we waited 9 months for this backlight and they just now are descending to scrap it? If its this delayed already why not just wait and get it done right with the stuff we have waited for that caused the delays in the first place. Worse *news than @Mirco +1 Worse newsan I had hoped for, of course, but still  this is the reality of development projects at this level. Them's the breaks. I still say, if we get our watches this calendar year, SL+HoH have done good. Not great, but on the whole, okay. Also, did you guys follow reccent interest evolution? Even if you would get 2% which I highly doubt, that's nothing more than 20.000 $ due 20th June 2014. Do you really think that someone is sacrificing his credibility and the reputation of two companies for 20k$? Ok we could go the speculative way and gambling on NYSE but what if you lose the money? (If you have a guaranteed way of making 15+% profit without any risk, let me know, I got some cash to invest in your method...) Think before you speak, may be the best advise you'll get in these comments. @Creator, thanks for the update on the backlight! It's unfortunate that you've been caught in the "trust us, we just need two weeks more, then it'll be perfect" type of promises from the supplier. It seems like the watch is, hardware wise, the same as it would have been in 2013? The only thing that has changed is the backlight? It sounds like the Bluetooth chip is the same, it's just running a newer firmware (that can now be updated)? Software can be updated after delivery, but the hardware can't, so I had hoped there would have been some parallel development on that front together with the (now ditched) backlight. Anyways, I'm looking forward to following the progress of the rest of the development, testing and production processes, and of course to see the watch on my wrist in the late summer (northen hemisphere)! Projects can sometimes be frustrating, but I hope you're still having fun with it, keep up the good work :) @nick - that's an interesting comment from yourself given your previous post accusing the creators of sitting on the money collecting interest. Mirco's comments are likely spot on - development requires money, and usually lots of it. Frankly, they had no hope of ever getting to the end of this project at their original goal of $100k and given delays that $1M could start getting awfully tight before production of rewards is underway. @Mirco - Learn some dignity. @Anyone who threw in the word "interest" Does really anyone of you think that SL + HoH laid back the million (which was never a million since KS and Amazon took their piece of cake first) for earning interest? And who did all the work without money, I mean, all the things have to come from somewhere and I don't think that the creators took money from their existing business for the AGENT otherwise they hadn't started this KS funding if they had enough money to develop the product. Must be really awesome suppliers and workers who are working for free. @Creators Please tell me all your suppliers and other staff who worked with you on that watch. Since they are working without taking money, maybe I can also share some ideas with them when I got something? ;) August, September, October? - What do they care with $1mil in the bank earning interest. Who they kidding?! What's the rush?! Go figure........ You really should offer refunds to those that are tired of delay after delay. I have zero interest in waiting anymore while you've had my money the entire time. Joining the lines of "preferring to wait longer to get the originally planned backlight". The announced battery life time was one of the very strong points that amazed me when I backed for this project. A week in smart watch mode and up to a full month in watch mode only seemed like incredibly much. Now I don't know how much of this would be sacrificed with the alternative backlight but as it is only 2nd option I think that the effect must be remarkable. @Daniel - if the past estimates from the creator are anything to go by, don't worry. You WILL be waiting until December :) Umm... August? I'd rather wait till December with upgraded hardware, advanced backlight, and more fitness tracking. We already waited this long, how about something competitive with at the very least Sony Smartwatch2? I would also cast my vote to waiting for the better backlight i.e. the light guide one. Given the project is already delayed quite significantly, I don't have a problem with another couple weeks to get the better technology and thinner design. I would be very unhappy to receive the KS watch with the "backup" backlight only to see you guys release a better version of the watch down the line with the "premium" backlight. I backed this project for a fantastic watch and am willing to wait a bit longer for that. Or at the very least offer a choice to users who are willing to wait for the better backlight and for those who don't want to wait, they could choose to go with the backup option which can ship a bit sooner. I agree with Al Lee and Brandon Case. I prefer to wait some more (even though the inner geek is very impatient) than have a mediocre product. The battery life is the feature with what this project lives and dies. A lot of the cool technology Kickstarts get delayed by a lot so i'm just patiently waiting for my Agent. I've been really excited about this project since i saw it. I will say though that i agree with Al Lee i would rather wait till October or so if it means getting the better back light. Even with the new Android watches coming out i'm still more excited about the agent due to the "e-ink" screen and such. Maybe i missed the answer to this question in the update, Is there still a chance you do with the lightguide? This seems unfortunate @Chris Is it still (reasonably) possible to use the light guide approach? The compromise on the backlight makes the watch, bulkier, draws more power and less innovative. Overall, there doesn't seem to be much advantage except a shorter delivery time. It isn't going to make a target date at this point so you are beginning to compete with the "next gen" watches being touted now. So the question is... which choice of backlight (factoring in delivery schedule) is going to make a more appealing product? My vote is for the light guide because I would rather have the nicer choice later than a poor choice earlier (that I will "suffer" with and perhaps regret for the same amount of time). We've waited this long already, our time is "free", no one is waiting for this watch to complete some big project or save the world. This is not a feature (like software) that can be upgraded later unless you want to offer a discount or an exchange to an improved model later. This is what I read Blah,blah,blah,delay. blah, blah, blah blah,more delay. Meanwhile we have over a million dollars of your money sitting in our bank earning enough interest for us to live on. Now I do want my money back. And as for backing another Kickstarter project..never again. I still think all things considered most would be willing to wait it out for the planned backlight, I know I would. A 3 month delay with nothing to show for it is the thing I think most backers are having trouble swallowing. @Micro Klein No, you don't NEED a backlight. It is a nice to have. Even in the Creator's Update 18 the high reflectivity of the memory display was addressed. In many lighting situations, you'd be able to read it. At this point, it's almost the whole project schedule all over again (less 6 weeks). Assuming nothing else hits them, I do not believe that to be a good assumption. Glad backed this project, but it was too much to hope for I suppose. Focusing on the positive news about Bluetooth 4.1, what new features are being supported? Is it just better power management, or are there other things like more profiles, greater range, improved compatibility, etc? Any details you can provide to keep my mind off the bitter backlight news would be greatly appreciated. Also looking forward to other firmware improvements due to the increased timeline. I had June 4 for estimated delivery, anyone have August? How about double or nothing, I pick October when it hits my doorstep. I have been thinking, with WP 8.1 around the corner, was the delay to accommodate the GTM release which will support notifications? I am not sure how the watch would work with plain GDR3 update (minus notifications). Time to move back to iPhone5 & pick up a pebble! The support for WP on pebble should be announced as soon as WP8.1 is announced during BUILD (April first week) Also I am under the impression that most folks who backed this project are the ones who have a Windows Phone & since no other smartwatch promised pairing with it, guess Agent was the only option. I must say, I am disappointed with the date being August. 6 month delay for backlights that you won't even be using. And how does a company get off on sending you a glossy film when you specifically said matte from the get go. I wish you'd disclose that company's name so anyone in that field doesn't do business with them. I'll wait patiently for my AGENT, since it is the nicest looking watch with WP support. If I were on android or iOS I'd probably be more pissed since there are many other options for those platforms. I just pray that there are no further delays. @John Driggers thats awesome. What is the apple iWatch release date? i couldn't find the details on their web site. Okay... So August... Just in time for football season... Can you make sure there is a team working on the ESPN app (or something like it) so I never miss a game this year? What's your new projected MSRP now that you'll have competition from Apple and Google? Well I can't say I'm surprised about the August date and having seen in the past with other hardware how long FCC and CE approval can take, I suspect that will be more like October or November, plus as I'm in the UK, that'll add another two weeks at least. I got a December Agent but I hope for the guys and girls with January Agent pledge that they won't have to wait another month on top otherwise they will be getting it in December, just of the wrong year. I still look forward to getting my watch but I do have to say that it will be a shame because by the time I get this on my wrist, the next and newest smartwatch will already be released and will beat it (I exclude the Gear from that vote as I'm Windows Phone). Well, that's very disappointing news. I'm buying a Pebble tomorrow. Swore I never would line those arseholes' pockets but I want reliable notifications from my iPhone 5 to my wrist and I'm not prepared to wait another 6 months, so Pebble seems to be the answer for the time being. @Creator, given what's happened don't you think you should update your backers more frequently than this? Now you've released a new timeline, why not write 20-40 lines every fortnight telling us how you're tracking? Talk to us, Chris. Talk to us. Yeah what Jay said. Am I correct that the cool-film-backlights are not a thing of the past? Meaning that we won't get them no matter what? Or did you just change the backlight to a traditional one for the certification units? it's down to the individual i suppose but for me i have not worn my pebble for ages now as teh Sony SW2 and Galaxy Gear has much better displays. The pebble is a superb watch and is by far the best for Watchfaces and the like but for me after wearing a watch with a big colour screen the pebble just looks inferior. After using a rooted and installing a custom rom on the gear you see what a full smartwatch is capable of and although i know that the Agent was never going to be at that level the delays will make this watch look very dated when finally released To anyone concerned about obsolescence, all I'll say is the original Pebble isn't obsolete yet. I'd go as far as to say that apart from the Pebble Steel, there still isn't a better smartwatch you can actually buy ie available today. To prove the point, the notification of this update appeared on my Pebble as an email from Kickstarter and then as a text from an IFTTT I've got set up. So don't fret. Does the delay until August mean that all the watches will be shipped then, or just the "December" watches? I'm not really expecting this to arrive in 2014, to be honest. But at least when it does it will be useful to use as a tool to show how quickly technology evolves when compared with the new smart watches. It's a real shame that this has been delayed for so long, August is mentioned but as we know that will probably slip too. This Watch needed to be out now not just for us but for the company as its going to look very old tech when the new rush of smartwatches are released this summer. Sorry to say this was the first Kickstarter i backed and after this it will be the last, I expected delays but not to this extent tl;dr - August 2014 In the meantime, I'm gonna go get myself a Moto 360. This was a huge disappointment. @David Well, you need some kind of backlight to read the content on the display so I think it's quite important to have some good backlight. I also think that the creators are working so hard on the backlights because of their promise on battery lifetime, I don't want to think about the mob if the battery time is getting compromised because the backlights take more energy only to finish the watch faster. That would be of course an design change since it was said, that they want a really good battery time. If i'm not correct so please correct me, I don't want to tell things which are not true So, thats about 8 to 9 months late, in electronics... No further comments..... What would the schedule look like if you have stuck with the film backlights and got those all the issues sorted? Cheers for update, still looking forward to this watch but it's a shame I probably won't get it till September i live in the uk, really tempted to get the moto 360 which is out in the summer , will go nicely with my moto g , but it's ok to have 2 smart watches isn't it :-) Great to finally have an update and an ETA. (I think one thing that would really improve Kickstarter would be a mandatory weekly update to the ETA.) You've definitely had a lot to be getting on with. However, am I the only one thinking that a backlight really isn't that important on a watch? Certainly not worth huge delays. If you'd have done a poll (and I know that's wouldn't have been practical) I'd have voted to skip the back light completely. So who had August in the sweepstake? Whenever the update comes, I hope it has timelines... I think the dog ate the update.Must be the most reasonable explanation. I've been refreshing this page all day. I'm hoping for a good update once it actually comes out. Seems like @creator is missing every opportunity to gain some credibility and respect from the left wingers (non supporters). When you miss your own, self-imposed deadline what message are you sending? No one demanded an update by Sunday, he promised one. Then logged in and posted he was typing it and here we are, 20+ hours later with nothing. Just like committing to updates every other week...if you're not going to stick to it don't offer it. Just like crossing the street to get your butt kicked. @creator Take your time and write a thorough, meaningful update with realistic estimates. We see that you're trying hard, so I hope you can strike a balance between productivity and sleep (since the lack thereof often times hurts the former). Be well! @creator Take your time and write a thorough, meaningful update with realistic estimates. We see that you're trying hard, so I hope you can strike a balance between productivity and sleep (since the lack thereof often times hurts the former). Be well! @tomasz sometimes it's a good idea to take some time and not to spew out the first words that come into your head. Look at how bad that turns out, and you likely weren't up working at 4am. There must be a lot to write about, seeing it has been 5+ weeks since the last update. These must be some super back lights, seeing they have put the project behind almost 4 months. Hopefully the update is about other parts besides the back lights, like case material, lens material, UL/FCC submittal, projected delivery estimates and why has this winter been so frigin cold. It's already Monday afternoon. Sorry Chris, but this doesn't make sense anymore. Writing an update took 2 days? What are you writing? A novel? Writing a decent update takes couple of hours. Maybe your Camera got broken this time? How do you want to finish the watch, if you can't even write a trivial update on time? Maybe you should just hire more people than doing all by yourself? @Terry Schultz, Chris excels at fanciful interpretation and selective quoting. Have you ever bought out someone's pledge before? I have. You need to trust them because you pay them upfront and they enter your shipping details later when the KS survey comes out to them. You should know too that they remain the backer of record and can still choose to comment here if they are so inclined. @Chris, "June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode October 2013 - FCC, CE, and Qi certification How can the moulds be made if the materials haven't been decided upon" You left out "ESTIMATED TIMELINE" Man I feel like buying you out just to get rid of your whining. But of course I would need you to sign an agreement that you would not join any kickstarter and would not buy any stocks, just so no one else needs to hear from you. @Jussi, I reckon he's fair dinkum. Oh, you mean THAT Chris? You thinking he's really Tim Cook? It's comical to me that you backers are posting comments with angry demands. If I didn't know better I'd think you were Fortune 500 investors. You "invested" $200 in a device that does not exist, on the chance that it would meet its pretty marketed expectations, and that you would get it for half of the market price, at very little profit to the campaign creator. For that risk, you have no authority whatsoever. So it turns out the creators are more amateurish than you expected. Did you ever check their credentials or travel yourself on-site to see what a worthwhile investment you were making? Don't take these silly risks on Kickstarter if you're just going to be a petulant sport about it when it fails. Either Chris has no knowledge whatsoever about running this kind of development project, and maintains some kind of a fantasy about the kind of complete, fully proven, documented, and verifiable project plan he demands just lying about in some drawer for the last year. Or then Chris knows full well that what he is demanding is far beyond being merely unreasonable, and he's just throwing smoke. . @Roma  you noticed it too, didn't you? This user's account has been deleted. @Minning Well, according to the last comment just below they're facing some delays. It seems that the creation of the update took longer than expected so we're probably getting a huge update this time. I think they're nearly finished with the update but went to bed as it was late for them so the update will come later than expected but I think today it's coming Now it's 1pm here in UK and 9am in New York. Anyway, I gave up. @Creator, please don't promise us anything, just surprise us. Even the announced update is delayed ... @Creators Here in Germany it's now 9:19 AM and I'm also working now so you are not alone :) It's a bit impressing that you still work at arouznd 4 am, I'm also awake on that time but only if it's weekend or I don't have to work the next day otherwise it's too late for me, I need my sleep This user's account has been deleted. @Chris Come on. It doesn't take much effort to scroll down... to yesterday and read.. "For those awesome backers who are watching for backlight news: we should complete testing of the production backlight samples in the next day, and we will be spending Sunday afternoon and evening writing Kickstarter Update #18 (all about backlights). The full update should be posted Sunday night--but it might be late night. Lots to cover." Here on the east coast it's only 11:15PM. They still have 45 minutes to meet Sunday but I'd also point out if there are comprehension issues that should does not necessarily mean will. Confirmation from part suppliers. Now there's a laugh. @Chris, please don't shut up. Or rather, shut up and let your chargeback claim run its course and let us know how you went. Thanks for your eminent advice about fallacies. And I still see no promised updated... I think a few of you need to read about the sunk cost fallacy. June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode October 2013 - FCC, CE, and Qi certification How can the moulds be made if the materials haven't been decided upon - we're 6 months behind schedule on a 6 month project and still no firm timelines/details (other than there's at least another 2 month wait for prototyping and certification, "if all goes well") - does nobody else see issue with this as if not I've got some great kickstarter projects that I'd love to start, delay by a year until the parts fall within budget and then deliver there seems to be several people here who might like to back? I'll shut up if the creators will show their original project plan which shows timelines for everything from testing through to production including confirmation from part suppliers/fabricators that they can meet the deadline. If not this project is a sham and has not been run within the spirit of kickstarter and hence why I'm pushing for my money back. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink. I'm almost 100% he will ignore it. @Backers other than @Chris, apologies for the long post below. I know almost everyone else knows this but I wonder if Chris remembered it. @Chris, no doubt you read these words on the home page before you backed Agent: <<<<< THE ROAD TO YOUR WRIST The watches in the video are the latest prototype watches, with cases precision-milled out of aluminum and powder coated black. We are evaluating several premium case materials for production watches and will select the final material based on beauty and wireless performance. Our prototype watches use ARM7 processors, Bluetooth Classic, and a wireless charging breakout board. For production, we are using our dual-processor design, a dual-mode Bluetooth radio (including Bluetooth LE), and our custom-designed wireless receiver coil (integrated into the caseback). We have completed design of the electronic circuitry for production AGENT watches, and we have ported our operating system to the new Atmel Cortex-M4 microcontroller. We have also built validation boards using the production circuitry and are using those boards now to optimize our power management and to integrate Bluetooth Low Energy support into AGENT OS. Upon successful funding of this Kickstarter campaign, we will use raised funds to create watchcase molds and production circuit boards. We will then obtain the necessary international certifications for wireless radio and wireless power devices (FCC, CE, Qi). We also need to pay for one-time engineering costs for items like our custom backlight assembly. And most excitingly, we'll be ordering a rather large volume of processors, screens, batteries, and more...to make AGENT watches for our backers. ESTIMATED TIMELINE May-June 2013: Kickstarter campaign June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode October 2013 - FCC, CE, and Qi certification November 2013 - parts arrive, pilot production begins December 2013 - volume production begins During this process, we will share snapshots of the journey: eddy current testing for our custom wireless charging coil and materials selection; radio frequency test results where we ensure that AGENT stays within FCC limits; details about final backlight illumination testing; and more. We're excited to take this journey with you, to make AGENT a reality together. Thank you. RISKS AND CHALLENGES Every technology project has risks and challenges. Before starting this Kickstarter campaign, we created the electrical circuitry and core software for the AGENT smartwatch. That is the riskiest part of the project, and we felt that we needed to take that risk ourselves. As we move towards production, our main challenges are in final integration, wireless certifications, and parts deliveries. The AGENT smartwatch is a combination of electronics, software, and watch hardware. We are confident in our design. To deliver a premium product, it is sometimes necessary to spend extra time tuning circuit board designs, refining software, or adjusting mechanical tolerances. Our smartwatch has both wireless communication and wireless charging. We are working with testing firms who have years of experience in their respective areas so we expect the certification process to go smoothly. That said, with wireless products it is sometimes necessary to tweak coil designs or RF shielding a bit to meet efficiency goals or regulatory requirements. Finally, we have integrated cutting-edge components into the AGENT smartwatch. Brand-new components sometimes incur longer lead times. We have excellent relationships with these component suppliers and are coordinating closely with them to ensure that parts arrive on time. We are driven to get your AGENT smartwatch off the assembly line and onto your wrist; we will let you know if we run into unexpected delays. >>>>> So Chris can you remind us again what PROMISES they've broken re changes and delivery dates please? So now they've promised to follow your time zone, too, have they Chris? If your chargeback (which I seem to recall you first brought up almost two months ago) succeeds, and it is not based on Section 75 ... well, good news for other Brits, who would still be allowed to back on Kickstarter, but bad news for other customers of your card provider, because they will surely have to be banned here. Myself, I severely doubt your 100% assessment. @Chris - it's still Sunday in New York (and England). As for charge back, the delivery is late against an estimate, so how can you claim for non-delivery. As for the changes, you still haven't come up with any. @Chris, I thought you'd already put in your chargeback claim? You said 10 days ago it was well under way. Your last resort was your first resort, so why not stay the course? @chris you have shown amazing restraint to this point. By waiting this long before a chargeback you are in the top 99.9% off backers on this project. @Chris we all took a gamble when we backed this project. You would have been more than happy to accept all the benefits had the project gone well. By pursuing a charge back you are essentially trying to back out of a bet. That's not how kickstarter is supposed to work. If what you wanted to do was pre-order a watch you could have done that. Instead, you chose to be a backer in exchange for a lower price and priority delivery. A chargeback is not something I want to do but frankly am now seeing as a last resort due to the creators not answering questions, hitting any deadlines or, I believe, having any kind of proper project plan in place at the start which could have come near the original timelines. @Jussi It should be very easy (less than 5 mins) to upload a fairly detailed updated of the original project plan which may set some people's minds at rest that there actually was one). And I don't mean a nice simple waterfall Gantt chart here but proof that the parts were available in the timeframe and manufacturing (in quantity) could also be done by dec. I note that its Sunday evening and still no sign of the promised update... (Another target not hit) @mathew Lawrence - we're at the end of march, 3 months late with an "estimated" 30 days to build samples and then an "estimated" 30 days to get certification - I'd be interested to know if they've checked the turnaround times with the labs doing the certification? After that there's a production run (if no further tweaks) and then delivery so at least 90 days I'd say and that's everything going smoothly - what if these super duper backlights aren't up to snuff, is that another 2 month wait added? U @dino/Roma re chargeback, this has nothing to do with s75 of the consumer credit act, that would come into effect if goods were in hand. I'm performing a chargeback for not receiving goods and changes to goods before delivery. @greg - happy to chat @creator - if you want to do, what I believe is, the decent thing and refund my pledge I'd be more than happy to stop here as a credit card chargeback usually incurs a penalty too and I honestly don't want to harm the project - maybe if there had been more updates and behind the scenes details it wouldn't have even got this far. At the moment this product seems to be vapourware (due to few updates and limited details on materials/fabrication etc) and in fact the funds could just be being used to prop up HoH or secret labs ongoing business concerns. @All my naysayers/haters for wanting to do a chargeback. Check my backer page, I've backed several projects that have run overtime - including one that is still ongoing but because of the way they've handled updates etc I'm more than comfortable with them. These guys aren't giving firm timelines, materials or anything solid that shows a watch is being developed (other than an sdk) - sorry but time to pull the plug for me. I hope HoH/secret labs offer me the money themselves so they don't get stung by a chargeback fee (I'm almost 100% my card company will give the refund). @Adam Dzak re Maps app, yeah, I think info on public transportation would be really cool too! It's often crowded on these things, so handling your phone with one hand while trying not to fall over can be tricky, it would be much neater to just glance at your watch an see when your stop is coming up. Other than that, the build in notification system seem to be progressing well, and there are already a multitude of watch faces in the forums. It seems like the developer community has slowed down the past couple of months, but I'm sure it'll pick up again once the backlight issues are solved and the production schedule is more locked down. @Creator Will you be at BUILD this year? @UK Chargeback Chums, being new to this concept I checked out Wikipedia <url>#Chargeback_in_the_United_Kingdom "With each chargeback the issuer selects and submits a numeric reason code ... Reason codes ... fall in four general categories: Technical: Expired authorization, non-sufficient funds, or bank processing error. Clerical: Duplicate billing, incorrect amount billed, or refund never issued. Quality: Consumer claims to have never received the goods as promised at the time of purchase. Fraud: Consumer claims they did not authorize the purchase or identity theft." Presumably you're relying on the Quality code i.e. alleged broken promises. Many comments on this KS page talk about differentiating promises/estimates and products/prototypes. I won't insult your intelligence by linking you to dictionary definitions of those words, but to threaten chargebacks on this project at this stage is inane. Wiki also says that 21% of chargebacks are decided in favour of the merchants. You'll be among 'em. If I'm wrong, then @Jussi is right i.e. Kickstarter will have to block UK residents. Any updates on watch case materials? @Creator, thanks for the heads-up. Examining the goat's entrails, I'm thinking you've already looked into the aspects of the backlights which failed previous tests. So if you're still testing the production samples, either those aspects you've examined are fixed or you'll judge in the next day whether they still can be fixed. I'm hoping the update will be about more than backlights because that will mean the production samples are good to go. Best wishes. @ben abrams: Really? 8 months later your interests changed? @creator that's exactly the kind of small status updates people were asking for. If you're a bit late, it's ok. But tell us why. I like it! Keep 'm coming. I will just patiently wait for this thing to arrive. And what if this watch is better then anything out there even it's coming in the fall? I'm comfortable being labeled as an awesome backer :) @creator At this time I'd like to ask if you are offering a refund to any members that I be placed on that list as both my interests and financial situation have changed. @Roma - no need for the cricket comment, or I'll remind you of the last few ashes results ;-) As for section 75, I'm in the UK so am aware of it and don't think it applies. It links to other laws eg the sale of goods act and you'd need to prove there was a problem under them and not just that you were disappointed with the product. There's also the issue with Amazon. From the ombudsman: "There can be problems if the card is accepted by a different business from the one that provided the goods and services. We see this situation most frequently in connection with timeshare and holiday club membership, where it is not unusual for the timeshare or holiday club company to use the credit card facilities of another business. The business accepting the payment may simply be acting as agent for the supplier, in which case section 75 will not apply. In order for section 75 to apply, the business that accepts the payment and the supplier have to be "associates", as defined in the Consumer Credit Act." The above is certainly an issue if you pay for anything via PayPal where section 75 doesn't apply. Hopefully the same applies for Amazon in this case. If you don't want it anymore, sell it here or on the forums or on eBay. Or speak to the creator and ask about a refund, as they can sell your watch on to a pre-order. Otherwise accept the responsibility of the decision you made to back a project, warts and all. @y_t_n personally I couldn't give a rats arse about the self-entitled whiners and I'd rather they didn't get their money back for the reasons given by @spaztastic. Wouldn't it be unfortunate if their watches all just happened to ship last in line! I have designed credit card billing systems and the problem with chargebacks are that there is typically a fee involved (outside of the actual amount you are trying to get back). Depending on the vendor (and how they negotiated their contract with their specific payment gateway provider), chargeback fees can be as high as $10-100 per chargeback. In this particular case, I am not sure if an actual fee is involved and if this is paid by Amazon, Kickstarter or the project creator. Either way, charging something back for a Kickstarter project is pretty low. Contact the project creator and try and get them to refund you directly without requesting a chargeback. I don't get how people are whining for their money back for a development project that they agreed to back. I mean seriously.. did people think designing a complex thing like a smart watch was going to be easy? Even with a fairly well thought out estimate, projects can easily spiral out of control due to numerous factors. Frankly, I'd rather see all the whiners get their money back and move on. It's getting tiresome reading nothing but complaints about not receiving your watch yet. Maybe the Barmy Army can get chargebacks on their travel costs to Australia, only to watch the poms lose the Ashes series in a 5:0 drubbing. Maybe I can get a charge back on all my non-winning lottery tickets. We could be a part of history! I would tell my grandkids about the time I got a chargeback on kickstarter for a project that wasn't even a scam. Lol makers. The first time someone in the UK manages to get a Section 75 Kickstarter chargeback ... what would the implications be? Well, bearing in mind that Kickstarter IS all about pledging money to creative projects, NOT finished products with firmly nailed-down specs (which anyone with half a brain MUST be aware of by now), then the only possible logical conclusion would be that Kickstarter must immediately bar all UK residents from pledging to projects. There really is no other possibility  it would not be sustainable for Kickstarter to allow UK backers, if Section 75 was found to be applicable to crowdfunding creative projects. IF. Terry Schultz, David Gerding, Rick Wicker, Roma, spaz  +1 each. The downside of being better than everyone else is that people tend to assume you are pretentious. <url>"backers" (not consumers) have your, well, back. Everyone that is unhappy please recognize that your complaints won't accelerate the process. For what it is worth I have a much better feeling about this project than @Omate, another smart watch I backed which seems pretty likely to fail by being not only late, but substantially out of spec with what was promised. SL passes my good engineering, good-intentions, quality-oriented sniff test. I'll probably get some kind of flame response, but I just don't get it. I want my watch too - but I want one that works from a company that is going to deliver something that can grow beyond nerd niche. @Ovsep @Jordi. I understand your frustration as we have all been waiting for this watch. However YOU decided to back a startup, which means the possibility of delays and even having no product appear. If it was that hard for you to let go of the money, then why did you bother with the risk. This is not a normal store where you go buy a product. It is called Kickstarter for a reason. So stop belly aching about this and let this play out. I want the watch as bad as anyone but really delays happen and that is life, especially with a startup, that is why they are called start ups. You should of waited then for the product to be released before investing. Stop with the threats of charge backs and I want a refund, you all sound like childish fools who did not realize what you were getting yourselfs into, and if you did not, then too bad for you its called doing research. @Ovsep. Go ahead. Let us know how you make out. What steps should I take to refund my money? thanks Contacting my credit card company for a chargeback is starting to sound real good right about now. @creator. Please contact me ASAP for a refund. @Nicolai Kragh-Hansen - I did see that. It's ambitious for 128x128 pixels but by no means am I knocking it. I'm glad at least one person is excited about this. I wonder what it would be like to have that + bus times + "Based on your current speed/time/gps, you are going to be late" - or trains! I mean, whatever form of public transport that would be digitally accessible. My take on Paul Tsai and jeff. Paul's comments included repeated accusations that SL was purposely delaying the project to get investment earnings on our money and that they were either incompetent or deceitful. The outcome is that he has been silenced but he got all his money back and an offer to buy later at backers' prices. Some might see it as rough justice but he is in a better position financially than us (he has no risk) and he can wait and see how good/bad Agent is before considering buying one (at our prices). I wouldn't have given him any oxygen. jeff sold his pledge so I don't see he has the right to comment here and, more particularly, to question SL about any action they've taken. I'm speaking from experience on his side of the fence but have come to realise that backers don't want to listen to someone who has no skin in the game. @Scott, loved the "forward thinking inboxes" line. By now, you've probably done some backward reading of the last handful of comments to see that an update is promised for this weekend. I will say... When I originally backed this project, it was a compelling concept, great style, with a production timeline that put it to the forefront of wearable technology. With this weeks announcement of Android Wear, in addition to multiple deliverables of the platform within the next 3 months... The Agent is now becoming more of a "vapor wear" product as opposed to the future leading product it was when announced and funded. For the appeasement of your finders do you have an update? Especially in the light of the recent mobile wearable announcements that have flooded our forward thinking inboxes. Thank you. @Robert Holbert, based on SL's last couple of comments, it's pretty safe to assume that, at the very least, backlights have arrived and they're testing it as we speak. I'm excited for this week's update as well - and won't mind a hint as to what's happening on the test so far :) @Hector - I missed that first part, thanks for keeping me honest :). I just saw the Update about backlights coming this weekend part. @Robert Creator post an comment about 13 hours ago : "@Jussi Myllyluoma -- we're here. We're listening. We're testing backlights and working on software updates for AGENT. Kickstarter Update #18 (about backlights) is coming this weekend." @SL+HoH I know you're waiting until this weekend to do your update, but can you tell us if the backlights arrived so we will know if the update will be another letdown that we're still waiting for them, or analysis (good or bad) on the latest samples. @Adam Dzak, I think the "Maps Application WhatsAroundYou" over on <url> for me, such a historical Gantt chart would be rather redundant; it's main interest would be as a curiosity only. I at least would have difficulty seeing its utility as we move forward with this project. If the chaps at SL+HoH have time to compile one, I would much rather see a detailed Gantt chart showing the timeline from now to ultimate completion. Ah, @Chris  was beginning to think that perhaps you'd got your refund, not through a chargeback, but from SL+HoH direct. Interesting that this was not the case. Oi, @SL+HoH  don't confuse me with other people posting here. *I* know that you're here, that you haven't done a runner with our dosh, and that you are busy testing back lights and generally doing your damnedest trying to design an awesome piece of kit for us. Others might not, but they are not me. My previous posts here will bear me out. WRT Paul Tsai, I am no more nor less than a simple messenger. I have already partaken of a few conspiracy theories regarding his being dropped as backer; for my own part however, I can also entertain a handful of less sinister possibilities leading to the same outcome. I will not condone being drafted as support for any of the former, is all I'm sayin', 'k? Ha, just got an email from Kickstart that Chris kicked me out as well. I'm still logged in, so here's my dying words(So much for free speech). Good luck everyone. I truly do hope it works out for you and honesty and integrity comes through, here. See you on the other side, Paul Tsai [[[ what a world, what a world!!!! ]]] @Jussi - I have a day job and so post in my spare time.... I think an original project plan from the creators with timelines (including estimates from manufacturers/suppliers/certifiers) to see if this ever really looked feasible would be nice. Nothing, or perhaps we can have some banter like you do with Roma on how you believe in free speech? Or does that depend on with whom or what camp they're from. Just saying man, it just doesn't look good when you boast of free speech and comments, then remove those that are in your corner. He seemed like an intelligent guy and was patient. Somewhat humorous at times, actually. I don't believe he was an adversary. BTW...I was joking with my wife here that everytime a legitimate remark hits your comment section, you tend to start posting to push down the comments. Low and behold, you start posting. What a coincidence, right? So @creator...why was Paul Tsai removed from your backer list? @Jussi...so @creator is censoring those backers from his comment section by dropping them as backers? I stayed away from this since Rick was kind enough to offload my reward for half price, but good lord. That completely contradicts @creator's comments to Roma last week. I hate to say this, but we do not know this @creator guy. I had a very bad feeling he is controlling the content here and his evasive responses and updates were just part of the story. It turns out he is indeed hiding things. Thanks for the head's up, Jussi. I think all future backers for his pre-order should be very weary of Secret Labs. Perhaps there are more "secrets" than just material, timelines, Windows phone integration, etc... But by all means, @creator, turn the attention to the backlights. I hate to throw this out there, but perhaps we're not really waiting on backlights? Perhaps, as pointed out before, that Windows phone integration cannot happen until 8.1 is released. Afterall, there is no technical way for notifications on a Windows Phone to intercept phone and text messages. Rick...thanks again! I'm so happy I am out. I look forward to you getting your watch a few months after WP8.1 is released. It will take a while to get the software worked out, of course ; ) Arrgh. I don't think I've made a typo-free comment yet. You'd never guess that English was my first language. No, just mocking people who don't understand what it was they paid for and who make idle threats about pursuing credit card charges backs. This comment section seems to be quickly becoming a thread devoted to convincing people to not try to get their money back. Yeah, mine didn't shock me when I made my prediction but if it has on-board memory it might yet happen. I would buy a keyboard that shocked me if I were about to make a dumb comment. Prediction: The backlights are great; we will get the next Update on Saturday; the watches will start rolling off the line on 15 May; and I will have my first one on my Aussie wrist on 17 June. @Marc, thanks for including L'Eau so quickly. I hear it's working well. Refills needed? @DigitalPH  I'm inclined to think you're right about KS "newbies" being impatient. Because gods know how updates six pages long complete with graphs and technical detail could otherwise equate to a complete absence of communication. Now, what was it Chekov said about Old Russian Epic, Cinderella ... "If shoe fits, wear it"? @Marc - Pray tell how you would test such a keyboard yourself. Obviously your contributions would never been inane :P @Roma - I already smell a whiff of something... @Marc  let me know when it goes online; I'm SO in! @Marc, I'm in. As a stretch goal, may we have an Entitlement Detector which shoots out a whiff of L'Eau de Bieber please? After reading through the comments, I'd like to get a KS campaign underway for a keyboard that shocks users when they key inane comments in. I'm thinking at least half the backers of this project would sign up to see it developed and then offer their rewards to be shipped to the other half. Darwinians unite! @Jussi - Fwiw, I was dropped as a backer in another KS campaign a couple of months ago as well, but not after I asked for and given my refund. Perhaps Paul has sold his reward? I'm not sure, but I think people who are relatively new to KS are more impatient - and delays are part of KS nature, moreso with tech projects like this. A lot of people are joining KS everyday via social media sharing, etc. and a good percentage of them have not fully comprehend the risks involved in backing a project, until it's too late. Just my $.02. @Jussi: You are right. This is not Amazon. But I expect to be able to learn and to contribute, it's not just dumping my moolah into a black hole and then - like Deus ex Machina - expect to get a "reward". I expect the Creators to communicate, communicate, communivcate and communicate. To include the backers in the process and if only by telling them what they did, why they did it, if it worked or not and what is the status of the project. Unfortunately thuis is none of the above. No project, no communication, no integration and by the time the "reward" will be available, it will be so much "last Thursday..." Honestly, I get confused. I mean, there really _ought_ to be no doubt in anybody's mind that Kickstarter is about funding creative projects. It's not an off-the-shelf store, the stuff you give money for here usually doesn't actually exist yet by the time your money is collected, and you just get an estimated date for when the project creator hopes to be able to deliver, which may turn out to be correct, but usually does not. All of that said, I really have a hard time understanding what it is that attracts people who obviously lack any and all patience with development projects -- with all the delays and hassle that inevitably will go with them -- to still come here to Kickstarter and back just that: development projects. I am board with this whole thing. I would like my money back. How do I proceed? Jim I wonder if we're not discerning a reason for why we haven't heard from Chris (i.e. backer Chris) for a little while... @Paul Tsai contacted me through Twitter -- he asked me to to let you all know that the reason he's dropped out of our discussion here is not his own volition, but because SL+HoH dropped him as backer. Paul further told me that when he had asked why, they'd offered him no explanation, but instead a $100 rebate on MSRP which Paul told me he, on principle, was disinclined to accept. He tells me he is left feeling confused and betrayed as he, who had not requested a refund, gets dropped while others, who have requested refunds, do not. With the Creator pushing out updates now, I am quite pleased. I still believe the Agent is a great looking watch. While the new things we are seeing look appealing, I am not sold on the lack of specs we are seeing from the big boys. I share the same concern as Jussi, however, that the window is closing. Here's to a good week at Secret Labs with the backlights. If I can free up some time, I'm going to look into the Google Now cards api and see how it can work with agent. I really like it in my nexus 5. Looks wise the Moto 360 is epic, but I don't think it will be price efficient. Price wise though, has anybody seen the Razer Nabu? It was unveiled at CES, not a smart'watch' but a smart'band'. Ofcourse it tells time etc, and is rumoured to be sub $100. Check <url>#somethingcompletelydifferent @Jussi, isn't that what you're wearing in your Avatar ... Glass 1.3 ? WRT Android Wear et al. ... I can't help but feel just ever so slightly blas. I mean, anybody remember Google Glass...? While the 360 looks nice, Windows Phone and iPhone users can't use it, so AGENT is still the nicest watch for those platforms. The worry is that we'll only be able to see an Agent.2 if the first one sells reasonably well when it hits the shelves ... which it isn't likely to, if there are too many similar or better product available by then. And if Apple has released their smart watch by then, well ... to quote PVT Hudson: Game over, man! Game over! <url>"See full bio" (to the right) 2. Click on "Secret Labs + House of Horology" (at the top) 3. Click on "Comments" (1,006 of them to date). Despite what some critics say, the creator hasn't exactly been silent. @Daniel & @Andrew  you put your respective fingers on the one issue that is also my worry: time-to-market. With other products in the pipeline already announced, and others assuredly in the pipeline but not announced (Apple), AGENT's TTM window was always narrow, and we can all see it is closing fast. The backlight delays are eating into time that SL+HoH has precious little of. But as I already said months ago, that is SL+HoH's concern, not mine  I want the watch they ship me, whenever they ship it, to be the vary best they can make it for the money I gave them. Gave. Not "paid". So, I am happier that they spend the time trying to get the superior backlight to work, than if they rushed a mediocre product into production. Even if they fail and we still end up with the conventional solution, I'm happier that they gave it their best shot. @Roma. Thanks only noticed that after :| I just feel we need proper updates so we don't have to scan through these messages all the time. @Daniel, this comment was posted below by the creator a couple of days ago: Quick update: our supplier emailed us tracking info for our production-sample backlights. FedEx should deliver them to us shortly and we should complete validation tests by this weekend. Update #18 will focus on backlights, will be posted by this weekend, and will include photos and details from this week's production-sample backlight tests. If the backlights do not pass our validation tests, we will walk backers through our contingency plans in a backer-only update. Once the samples are tested, we will also be able to calculate and share updated estimates for our production schedule. This is going to be a busy week :) Thank you all for your feedback and support. - Chris I have been pretty patient with this and I understand there is still work that needs to be done but this is ridiculous at least give us some updates. As Andrew says this project is going to be obsolete by the time it comes out. This user's account has been deleted. @Chris "Peer review is the evaluation of work by one or more people of similar competence to the producers of the work (peers). It constitutes a form of self-regulation by qualified members of a profession within the relevant field." source: wikipedia I don't think there'd be a whole lot of backers who would qualify. If you're one, you might offer your CV and services to SL+HoH by PM. Presumably you'd need to sign a NDA. Having worked for the federal government, I can attest that crowd-engineering sucks! message me if anyone is looking for a December Agent w/o charger... Is anyone looking to buy a limited edition "December" agent with charger from me (valued at $199)? All the details I've been reading is that this watch is the Pebble perfected. I'm a developer, but I kind of lost interest on this. (Sorry, Chris and Netduino folks.) Message me if you have a decent offer. @Gerry, you've only said it twice so that's not too bad. I'll change your statement to what we know i.e. what we've been told most recently. AGENT: Estimated to start production 60 days after acceptance of preferred backlight component. I can't say it enough - I am over it. AGENT: Guaranteed to possibly be fulfilled 6 months after projected release date ( but probably not ) That looks awesome. Very interested to see the specs/price. And the Moto 360 has just been announced. Till now, even with this huge wait, I thought the Agent was the best looking smartwatch... until the Moto 360 was just announced :( This might be of interest to this crowd : <url>"""The smartphone maker has built the G Watch, which is expected to launch next quarter, [...]""" That really cracked me up, Rick  great retort! Although, all you say is just things that you and I, and anyone with any kind of technical background and/or a smidgeon of common sense, already knows... It is however apparent that this description is not universally applicable. The independent peer review can reasonably be expected to happen when we get the watches. Seriously expecting the watch to be subjected to one before then is ... just nonsensical. @chris by definition a prototype isn't a finished product. Falling back to a prototype doesn't make any sense. For all we know the prototype used a very small person with a flashlight for the backlight. Releasing design or raw technical data to backers would be almost worse than useless. Even someone with the technical understanding would be attempting to draw conclusions from incomplete evidence. Others would make up arbitrary conclusions and spam the comments. Not saying you personally would ever do that. If you picked a project with an incompetent team, I'm afraid you can only blame yourself for not doing due diligence before giving money to strangers on the Internet. As mentioned before, I personally feel that most of the issues are from a 3rd party supplier in a critical component. I suspect the supplier is even doing a reasonable job on a difficult task. SL/HOH even listed this as a risk to the schedule in the initial proposal. @roma this doesn't seem to be the originally intended backlight so no design changes should be necessary to fall back to what was shown in the prototype. @chris jutting - 1/3 of the power, but no mention what the power drain of either is or estimated use of backlight per day so could be negligible impact. @rick wicker - yes, one would hope that they had but until there's independent peer review (preferably by publishing data to the backers who are paying for this - something they seem very reluctant to do) then nobody can be sure. They obviously weren't prepared or know their job we wouldn't be almost 4 months behind schedule with no eta - can they provide detailed project plans from start date to December (with agreements from manufacturing companies and component suppliers) or was this a finger in the air best guesstimate, let's gets some funds in timeline. I now think the latter. @Nick, thanks sir. Yeah the thing would be that big and heavy if crowd-engineered. Absolutely! @Roma - I love your thinking! However, elephant?! I'm not sure! Haha! @Rick, your comment is (clears throat) enlightening. The most successful modern-age crowd-engineered project I've heard of is Wikipedia and that's never finished! That said, a smart wearable crowd-engineered device could be made ... for elephants. @Chris I assume the creator quantified the negative effects and has continually weighed the cost/benefits of the choices. That is why I backed the project- it seemed like they were prepared and knew what they were talking about. I don't have the technical background or the watch specs in front of me to disagree with their choices. Even if I did, Kickstarter is crowd-funded, not crowd-engineered- I would most likely be ignored. I'm going to assume they know how to do their job- all evidence points in that direction. If they don't, the watch will be terrible no matter when I get it. @Chris, according to the creator the backlight will draw about 1/3 the power as a traditional backlight. And from my experience the screen, which includes the backlight, always seems to be at the top in battery usage stats. At least in android it is. So 1/3 power draw will make quite an impact, imo. @Chris, a new backlight would mean another design change and you don't seem to like them. @Rick wicker - nobody has quantified these negative effects. How much does this backlight impact battery life etc as it sure as hell has impacted delivery times. Can't wait for this week's later update. Hopefully everything goes well. @ Creator, Thanks for keeping us in the loop. This week will be a very exciting week indeed. I have my fingers crossed that the backlights are up to snuff and you can finally move to the next steps towards production. @Creator, thanks for the multiple short updates here! Hopefully the backlights will be up to scratch. I'm looking forward to the update later this week, it's always interesting to see the technical challenges and solutions you come up with. Can't wait for agent watch, will go nicely with my new moto g :-) @Creator - hope to see some good-news updates soon. Best of luck to you! On the other note. Does the recent android wearable SDK announcement influence Agent development in any positive way? Better and easier and more robust compatibility with more apps would be huge blessing.. :) Rick Wicker +2 @Rick Wicker +1. I really don't want these contingencies to kick in- as @Creator has mentioned- it's not a simple swap out process. You get a worse product plus additional redesigns needed (which could have a snowball effect). @Chris as far as Gen 2/3/4 of other products, you knew those were coming out when you backed this product. I looked at this product as something likely to succeed, which I liked for it's own merits at a reduced price. I didn't back it b/c I wanted something slightly more advanced than existing products which would exist by December. We know google and apple will put out something eventually. I didn't spend $150 to use something for 6 months. I'd rather have a solid product which can co-exist(b/c of excellent design and polish) than something like the Pine/Gear/Toc/Ornate which become obsoleted as soon as Tim Cook makes an announcement or someone else makes a watch slightly less huge with better performance or more features. I want a product (and I'd very much prefer sooner to later), but quality is way more important to time for me. As for backer involvement, I'm sure @Creator would definitely use any constructive input on the watch- he's definitely been active and responsive to developers requests in the forum. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Hi Richard. Did you see Update 17 on 14 February? This user's account has been deleted. Yes but there are some people, even with English as their first language, who read all sorts of untrue things into the creator's words e.g. that aluminium watchcases were promised. Also there are some useful statements on the forum e.g. the latest comment here <url>"contingencies" kick in - do we have a firm cut off date on when things will be decided upon? It's not just the changes but the squirming out of every question asked - what materials are being used, how much difference does this backlight we're forever waiting on make. Basically we're still in the sept/oct part of the project plan and by the time the watch arrives it'll be a gen2 smart watch when gen3 versions are out and gen4 round the corner. I could maybe have overlooked on some of this if they weren't running almost 4 months late with no realistic delivery date. There's also no backer involvement - we're not seeing how the project is being run, what they're doing in these 90 hour weeks on the project and how the product is forming and taking shape. Basically an incredibly poorly run project and if secret labs were providing this kind of service on other orders (for their other products) I'd expect the orders to get pulled. @Tim  you know that, and I know that, but apparently this doesn't stop some people from preferring it to ... well, PVD coated stainless steel, for example. No accounting for preferences. There's that. And then there's another little thing: IF Chris manages to get a chargeback on the grounds of the project owners announcing one minor design alteration in what still is, and most particularly at the time of pledging very much was, an on-going design development project, because that is how the rule book is applied in the UK  then that would open a whole new can of worms. Bearing in mind that Kickstarter IS all about pledging money to creative projects, NOT finished products with firmly nailed-down specs, the only possible logical conclusion would be that Kickstarter must immediately bar all UK residents from pledging to projects. I say again, Chris  please do not forget to keep us posted. In the meanwhile I second Roma: best of luck with your efforts! @Chris, earlier you said you were relying on design changes to get a credit card chargeback. But the truth is there is only one change - the tiny hex head screws will change to a spring-pin with tiny faux hex heads. All the best with the chargeback. Really? Who makes watches out of aluminum?That would be a terrible material. Oh and the watch strap changes were the moving from the original hex style attachment. Like all good con men they were vague and never made promises on certain items. Myself, personally, and I believe others were strongly under the impression that the watch would be aluminium and as the creators refuse to even comment on what alternates they're considering that's enough for me to be concerned. I think "long-lead-time" are the key words in that sentence. @Richard, not sure what point you're making. Clearly not everything was "buttoned down" in September (e.g. backlights) but nor was everything promised to be. This user's account has been deleted. Indeed. I confess to curiosity with regard to that very same question. @Chris, as at the project funding date of 21 June 2013, what promises were made about materials, the strap attachment and delivery dates? @Rick Wicker, you're right my timing was off. Still had another delayed project on my mind when commenting here. Thanks for the correction sir! also in the updates can you maybe not focus so much on the in depth technical detail and give more details on timescales for testing/manufacturing/delivery - that's what I think a lot of people want. agree with Danny Wilk - smaller more frequent updates. You may also find that reduces the overhead of answering backers emails and repeated questions in the comments section. As for design change, yes materials, strap attachment mechanism and the fact that the product hasn't been delivered. @Creator: >>backlights are right at the top of the power consumption chart.<< Is it still at the top if you take into account that the backlight runs just a few seconds per day? @Creator, we disagree. Anyway, let's stop there. I need to keep you happy as I await 5 Agent smartwatches and I wouldn't want to be at the end of the line! :) @Creator, and I love you too :) if you're happy for people here to feel comfortable accusing you of being either deceitful or incompetent, that's your call. Much of the negativity here seems to be due to perceptions of poor communication. This is a subject which you and I have discussed before by PM. Do you agree with my contention that KS project creators should communicate to backers more effectively and frequently once delivery estimates are overshot? I guess that's a rhetorical question because in a comment yesterday, you apologise for setting too high an expectation about frequency of communication (and not delivering) rather than for not communicating often enough. Do you think that you would spend less time engaging with backers one-on-one if you posted updates and mini-updates more frequently to share what you have to say with everyone? Your thoughts would be welcome here, I'm sure. Thanks. @Creator, What power consumption are we actually talking about. I mean the custom backlights consume 1/3 the power but will that mean the watch stays powered for an extra 3% or is it 50% longer? If you are adding 24hrs to the battery then perhaps there is merit, but if you are waiting for an extra 3 hours battery life then is it worth it? Calling @Paul Tsai. Calling @Paul Tsai. Damn, where are you when I need you? A few days ago, you said the Creator was either incompetent or deceitful. I suggested a third possibility: that he could be a perfectionist. I just read a comment from him on the forum that referred to backlights - see <url>"@Rena B -- as @Roma mentioned, we will be asking for your shipping address via an official Kickstarter survey later this year." Later this year? August+? Either way, this will be over a year late. Thoroughly disgusted. @Creator Thanks for the info. But at what point do you go back to your contingency plan for the backlights? If the production ones that arrive next week aren't up to par? @Gaetan I agree, but they could post a super small update each week :) Backers you should understand that they are a small company, we see HUGE companies increasing the delay before they release content that we pre-paid to even months without really giving us a release date because they had unplanned events. I too would like my Agent now but I prefer to wait let them make it better instead of receiving an unfinished and unusable thing. Best case: July Realistic: August or later This user's account has been deleted. Two quick updates is better than one large update! As a project creator I learned that communication is the key to a successful project. The comments below are begging for updates. There are many "hater" comments. You might have a chance to win some of them back if you just start posting updates. Try it. It really won't take up that much of your time. I'm in it for the long haul and hope to see my watch soon. Thanks for the responses to the comments so far. Keep up the communication and good luck. Thanks for the updates. Can we get an ETA on the next formal update? I wouldn't call it deception but rather creative salesmanship. It's a problem inherent to Kickstarter. They already banned renderings. When you watch the video and read the pitch, it portrays a finished product, or at least alludes to it. You read the challenges ahead and roadmap to product, once again everything seems imminent. You ask questions during funding, they get answered promptly. I'm not blaming the creators, I'm sure in their minds we would have a product by now. I'm sure they're frustrated too. I'll also guess the lack of updates and comments are not intentionally done. It's probably like when a person gets behind on bills and collectors start calling, you want to answer but don't have the answers so you ignore them(early life lesson). What some creators don't understand is the silence upsets people, makes them think of conspiracy theories or other negative assumptions. For some people $200 is a chunk of change, they read the pitch and assumed the product would be delivered timely. They were excited, expected frequent updates..... Just got a response from the Facebook page. " once the backlights arrive and are approved, we're looking at an estimated 60 days to get the watch case molds finalized and get through FCC testing. Our custom backlight supplier's current delivery estimate is to have backlights to us by next week." Asked for an update.... @Chris, you have previously mentioned watchcase material. If you think that's a "design change" issue and are relying on it for a chargeback, you might think again. 1. No watchcase material decision has been announced. 2. The Creator has never promised a specific material. On the home page, he said the prototypes were powder-coated aluminium and he "will select the final material based on beauty and wireless performance". anyone else think its odd he address every comment n post on the forums except for the ones about the backlight... Be sure to let us know when/if the chargeback goes through, Chris. BTW, merely out of curiosity: what "design change", precisely, did you cite as cause for reversing the transaction? Not sure he reads/cares about our responses, Roma. I suspect it may be more about pontificating than anything else. So my chargeback is well under way - for anyone inthe uk you're protected under s75 of the consumer credit act for purchases over 100 and as they've changed the design I think it should be a no quibble money back from the credit card. Sorry HoH but fed up of the lack of update/progress and the general way your treating your backers. I hope more people follow suit and amazon chase you for the cash. @Glenn, they can't change their original estimate. What they CAN do is give us an updated estimate. But they haven't done it yet. Maybe they still can't give one with any confidence at this stage, given the backlight issue? Would you like them to take a shot in the dark, with a strong chance they'll just give another one and then another one? That's what many KS projects do. It's about the deception, that is what I am upset about. I understand things always take longer than expected, etc. etc. No problem, as a backer I partially support someone's project because I want to see it succeed. But when they keep my expected delivery date posted as December 2013, and it is mid March 2014, that's deception. If they could just be straight with us and give us an updated delivery expectation, I would not be so upset. If they don't soon, I am going to spend my time going after them. Does anyone know I'd there's actually proof that this project is being worked on?? Or did we all get scammed, also does anyone know if we can report them to someone to get our money back, cuz this is just ridiculous It's projects like this and a few others that made me realize that Kickstarter just isn't for me. I've had probably only 1 project live up to what they promised, delivered on time with consistent updates, and I am currently enjoying their project. The fact that I invested so much money into projects like this makes me feel sick inside. It's my own fault really for not fully realizing how wrong a project could go even after "planning", but this and a couple other (also late) backed projects will be the last of me from this site. I'd feel much better off buying a finished and tested project instead of gambling. If the next update doesn't say that the backlights are a go and pre-production samples have been sent for certification I'm afraid there will be a full scale riot in the comments. Well it's a race between Agent and Kreyos for me as I backed them both. From the latest update I received from Kreyos their Meteor looks to be shipping pretty soon. Srcrew the delivery on time thing. This is Kickstarter. There are thousends of things that can go wrong. So what. That's the risk. Don't like it? Go shopping!. BUT: I feel like the product I backed last year may be obsolete by the time it arives on the market. THat is something that bugs me. More and more big players are planning on bringing similar devices. Even Apple...and even if you are an apple hater you must admit: after they announce a product, half the world wants nothing else. I haven't really been following all the drama in here, but do we know what is happening with this project? Just posting this to make it a little crowder and hopefully our beloved project creator may come and surprise us with a wonderful news... Crossing fingers... It's been one day. Congratulations to anyone who decided not to be a jackass the last 24 hours. In other news, anyone make an cool apps with the SDK? +1 for Roma. Well said. @Rick  good you checked out the posts. As far as trolls go, well, Paul is amusing and we have a lot of fun banter going on with him, but this Brent fellow ... "crossing the line" just seems woefully inadequate, doesn't it? I'm with Roma. @Roma  no, I don't think Paul does, come to that. Although the simplest of all, it seems that would be the one possibility that simply will not enter his brain. wow, didn't read the comments- that guy is terrible. +1 @Roma. I saw some those comments. I'm a hater on silly comments- don't bring any conspiracy stuff in here. However, I do love trolls- and I would never report Brent (no way he was serious- complete joke account + joke twitter). This is the only watch I'm buying, and I want something great. I hope to see the light at the end of the tunnel by the end of the month. This next update is huge to me. @Adam, I'm not a hater. I just dislike obscene and misogynistic personal comments so I speak out about that. In my opinion, sexually demeaning comments about women are out of bounds. If Kickstarter has not acted against Brent Roberts, they should. Making good estimates and being honest aren't necessarily related- especially when dealing with 3rd parties. Estimating large products well is hard. I write comments defending them b/c I can understand waiting on vendors and being stuck in a tough spot. I'd like more updates, but I can understand why they aren't doing more than 1 major one a month. I am 100% sure they aren't sitting on the money trying to make investment income- it's a terrible idea and I've not seen anything to indicate they are that dumb. I think this product is going to be delivered and I really want it to be solid. Ornate sounds nice, but early reviews(which have been largely positive) seem to indicate it could have used some more polish. I'm hoping Agent is better. This user's account has been deleted. LOL..."fun" question, Adam. I'm not a hater. I fully expected a delay as I have backed a number of technology & design projects and so far only one of them has actually delivered on time (but ALL of them so far have eventually delivered). Just a quick poll - is there anyone on here who isn't a hater? @Agent if you guys are logging in, like it says you did today, could you give a brief update as to what is going on. thanks yep, this one seems to be grinding to a halt... @Paul' you say "I guess I choose to believe that the creators are not this incompetent. It's a choice between the two, incompetence or deceitfulness". There could be a third choice - a burning desire to deliver the best product possible and an unwillingness to compromise that goal. Do you think that's a possibility? @Dino - 5% is doable? I thought you said 2% earlier. I guess we are both prone to human error. I'm pretty sure everyone one is in agreement that 10-20 is doable, it's just a question of risk. The S&P was up close to 30% last year. Hitting 10% is not that difficult in today's market. @Creator - An update would be good right about now. Any news? @Roma - Thanks for the advice, I'm quite ok without it. @Paul, let me know if it's 5, 10 or 20% annual return you require. Also please advise what your tolerance is to risk of a capital loss of 5, 25, 50 or 100%. Then I can recommend some options. I have in mind a creative option called Collateralised Debt Obligations. Could be gangbusters. @Creator, send one of da boyz to Roma's joint. Na, send two in case she gets angry. Baseball bats, rope and a gag all needed ;) Paul - you were quoting 10-20%. 5% would be much more achievable @Roma - So educate yourself on your job. If you really see no way of making 5-10% on 500K what are you doing speaking to me? On a related note @Roma and @Marc may have some anger issues. Those comments could be taken as a threat. @Paul, I am a financial advisor. May I help you? I do get a kick out of the Agent Pride Brigade. Speak ill of the beloved precious and the hounds of comments will be unleashed. Seriously, no one else even thinks this is a possibility? I guess I choose to believe that the creators are not this incompetent. It's a choice between the two, incompetence or deceitfulness. @Dino - there is a risk that you could lose it, but the tide is quite nice at this time. Also, there is usually a large commitment involved in getting those rates, even 500K is on the low end but if you know the right people, it can be done. Just talk to a financial advisor. @Creator, pssst send one of da boyz out ta visit Paul. Rope and baseball bat required ;) Maybe we could get Paul tied up. We wouldn't get any return on it but it would keep him from typing. @Creator, pssst Pauls on to ya. Time to send da boyz out with da baseball bats to collect da dosh. 500% aint bad for 8 months for chrissake! @anyone. How likes is it that this watch will be delivered? Paul - 10-20% interest per year? With no risk that you'd lose all the money? Please send me the details, as I'll have some spare cash once this Nigerian general transfers this money into my account. It doesn't make sense for $100k either considering the repetitional risk. It doesn't matter if it is malicious- if anything came to light they would lose all of the KS money and likely be sued by other partners. it would also seriously hamper future fundraising efforts from any source. @Dino - Maybe they do have it tied up. It would explain the delayed production. If you are in NYC, it's very likely you know some businesses (not banks) who would give you a solid rate for 500K. What's an extra 50-100K for delaying a year? How many HoH watches or NetDuino's do you see and what margins do they make? This kind of cash flow is rare for these companies. Is it malicious to invest the funds for 1 year while you "improve" your product? It's a deceptive, not malicious. Paul - I've mentioned before that I think Kickstarter should link release of funds to milestones to protect backers, however, the money here would hardly seem worth it. Interest of 2% on $900,000 is $18,000 over the year. Considering you couldn't have tied the money up, I suspect that's about the best rate you could get for it. Is it really worth two existing businesses risking their reputation for $9k each? And that's assuming they haven't spent any of the money they received on parts etc. The lack of progress and updates may be annoying, to different degrees to different people, but I don't believe there's anything malicious. @Jussi Myllyluoma - Yes, we are in agreement. As @Lukas Leinfelder mentioned, the impression they gave on the home page is that they are ready for production. The reality is either they were untruthful at the beginning, or that they are delaying the process purposely. The hokum about a manufacturer taking 8 months to get 1 back light to spec is laughable. "The simplest explanation is more likely to be accurate." My simple explanation, timelines change when 900K appears in your bank account. When does AGENT arrive after all? So when are we going to see a assembled watch in action? (Aside from the promo video). Just a heads up to HOH/Secret labs - take a look over at Clyde as an example of how to give backers a nice update. all I can say is head over to "SOAP" for the on-going soap drama. Really! ^ ^ @Roma, oh you mean the company that screwed over thousands of people with an inferior product then almost goes to jail? Lol and you thought I was bad? Keep reading others comments and I'm unf not the gold medal winner there. But can I have a cookie as a runner up prize? @Brent, yes you are indeed worthy of being singled out. Your charming comments on the Ouya project (7 August & 5 October 2013) and the two here less than 24 hours ago make you a stand-out winner in the nastiness stakes. @roma+jussi  the reason people are maybe going over the update with a fine tooth comb is because they're so infrequent. If there were short weekly ones people would be guessing/speculating and reading into things that aren't there. @dino if there's much more delay there's going to be even more market saturation and as I said before, what might have been cutting edge in nov last year could be very average by the time it turns up in say August. Brent - unless your twitter profile is @justinbieber, I doubt they were too worried about you going public. Not least because no one will be searching for Agent on there, which is the big problem for them. Pebble was ten times bigger on Kickstarter and was in a market of one for much of its development. Their latest Android app was finally introduced yesterday and it now has apps from big players like Evernote and eBay to add to Mercedes and Yelp etc. That is Agent's big problem - the numbers bring the big companies and the companies bring bigger numbers. Pebble is in a great place, at least until Apple or Google bring something out, or Samsung work out what is required. Agent is going to have to do this on their own and the more the market becomes saturated, the more difficult it will be for them to be noticed. I still think with decent basic software, they can make a great watch that everyone who has one will be happy with. But I doubt they'll be selling many outside these initial Kickstarter editions. @Roma, if you feel that way that's your opinion, but if that's the case then there are others who you should report as well for violating code of conduct. Or you could just single me out, and not pay any attention to the others. I have reported Brent Roberts to Kickstarter. I don't think we need comments like his around here. If you agree, you might go to the bottom of the Home page and report him also. Thanks. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @brent, based on your previous comments- I'm not worried about you being a judge of anyone's wit. Good luck complaining on your next KS project. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Brent, pretty sure the creators weren't mocking you- that was everyone else. Sorry about the confusion. @Brent, there's much to be said for going gracefully. The creators offered to facilitate the sale of my watch "after it was made" to another person apparently on a "waiting list". I'm done w this campaign. I've had far better experiences in the past on other products and this company is full of monumental bs. I'll be selling my watch on my own once it arrives sometime (hopefully) before 2015. Enjoy being treated like trash, hope the product was worth the wait for everyone (I doubt it will be though). Funny though I never got a response from them until I went public on twitter.... Hmmmmm..... Good luck everyone, you'll need it. @Jussi, on your last point I think Paul Tsai, you and I agree. Wonders never cease! You made an earlier point about updates not just being a few words bashed out in a few minutes, because creators need to be careful about backers over-analysing every word like an old time fortune teller poring over goats' entrails. The recent comment by Lukas demonstrates the validity of your point. @Rena, when close to shipping they send out a standard Kickstarter survey where you can update your shipping address. Just don't change your email address without updating your Kickstarter profile. Is there a place to update address? Moving soon. Thanks! @secret labs: any updates? 21 days since the last one. With 3 months delay, it would be best if you could provide fortnightly ones at the least. Doesn't need to be a fancy, long, too technical one. 2-3 sentences would suffice. Hope to hear from you soon. @Paul Tsai  check he final few sentences of my last post, as well as my response to @Lucas of three days ago. I believe you'll find that's more or less exactly what I said... ;-) So, we are more or less in agreement, there. @jussi - 30 mins is more than enough for a 150 or so word update saying what they did that week, if anything they aimed to do (from the week before hasn't been done) and what the aims are for next week, bullet point format, few points - easy. @Lukas, there are many "core parts of the watch" (your term) over and above the "electrical circuitry and core software" (their term). Three I can think of are boards, backlights and the watchcase elements. I think you read far too much into their words. With a duration of 6 months from the funding phase to the first estimated delivery date, did you really think they had all the ducks lined up? I don't think I feel entitled to anything. But I trust what the creator says. And that is basically all you have to make your decision of backing a project or not - you just have what they say. My main problem with this project is that they don't do what they said - either in the project's description or in updates. This project (/the creators of it) just doesn't seem trustworthy anymore. They broke what they promised and that more than once! Reading through the description I had the feeling the watch basicaly isn't in development anymore. ("Before starting this Kickstarter campaign, we created the electrical circuitry and core software for the AGENT smartwatch. That is the riskiest part of the project, and we felt that we needed to take that risk ourselves.") And all they have to do is basically "order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds" to build samples for certification. But they still didn't do that! They're still designing core parts of the watch. That's not taking the risk by themselves... I'll wait for the next update and make my decision based on that. @Karsten Topp - Omate is close to being able to replace a phone (once rooted with google play installed). If you are interested in making phone calls, download a volume control app to help with echos, or pair it with a bluetooth headset. If you want to type on the screen, I recommend using swype. The default keyboard is buggy. I still use my phone to play games and type longer emails, etc on the road, but quick replies I use my Omate. @Jussi Myllyluoma - the main thing that is wrong with once a month updates is that the creator committed to providing more. Had he simply said, look, the best we can do is one update a month, then fine. But that's not what he said. It has been a long wait. I understand how R&D timelines can slip but I have always been held accountable to a date and when it slipped, I had to provide updates. A projected release date would be great. And maybe a little something for all of us who have been not so patiently waiting. ;) @Paul Tsai: I, too, am backing Omate. Still I haven't been so lucky to receive my Omate yet. Can Omate really replace a phone? So when will you ship this watch to all backers? the delay is 2 month man! I disagree that companion watches will be going away. Different form factors are almost required for different forms of media. Spritz is interesting for reading on small displays, but I think a larger screen(i.e. phone) is needed for identifying what you might want to read or to watch videos. Talking on the phone is another thing I wouldn't want a wristwatch for- and I don't like calling attention to myself by wearing a headset (I pretend everyone wearing one in public is actually just talking to themselves). I think someone needs to solve the micro form factor data entry problem for smart watches to be anything but a (convenient) display for timely information. I think the Agent could be improved (better screen, longer battery life, being currently available)- but I think they are going in exactly the right direction. i saw this and thought it might fit in well with the Agent. <url> Ido indeed think that those are precisely the kind of hours the AGENT team are putting in. And the way you see people on these threads hanging on and over-analysing every word and comma in the updates, you have to weigh every word and comma on silver scales when writing them, and really make sure you have your facts and figures straight before you commit them to the web. Which means it takes more than 30mins to write an update. A LOT more. So I am quite happy with a once-per-month update rate, thank you very much  I don't perceive there being anything intrinsically "wrong" with that; that something that I am entitled to is being "stolen" from me. But I do feel Chris (the other one) had no business over promising a twice monthly rate, and then just ignore it without a comment. I do not demand that he revise his schedule to live up to his promise, but I do expect him to openly retract it when he realises he can't keep that pace, not just drop it. @Paul, I can't answer for what Chris was thinking but my various exchanges with him have helped form my opinion that he is a smart man and a hard worker who is dedicated to producing a high quality product for us. Re smartphones, I expect they'll become redundant one day. Wearable combos like Google Glass, The Dash and SIM watches have amazing potential. The Dash is on Kickstarter and is still open for funding. After using my omate w/data plan, I'm hoping to replace my smartphone with a smartwatch one day. Companion watches may be a thing of the past. Companion watches are too reliant on custom software to maximize user experience. It takes a long time to perfect software. I see very few uses for the Agent at this point. The Omate's resolution is barely usable. The Agent's resolution is far lower. I think the Agent will be a more open version of the Pebble. With that said, I think the Agent should still be a fun hobby device. @Roma - I remember you mentioning the # of hours worked before. Most small business owners work hours similar to Chris. In addition, didn't it occur to Chris prior to the KS that the number of hours he'd be working would increase? It goes back to managing expectations. @Roma : running this project *and his existing business* Is he the only one on the project? As others have said, if we're still awaiting backlights let alone the main circuit board what would have been cutting edge tech when it was meant to be release is going to be old hat by the time it actually appears (at this rate). The only way I can see peoples minds being put at ease is more frequent updates with where the project is and why there's been hold ups and what's being done about it/what the next step is? I, like a few others, am willing to sell my reward. I understand that Kickstarter isn't a "store," but with these delays better products are coming out. I paid $199, but may be willing to negotiate. Let me know if you're interested, thank you! @Chris Jutting: "Once the backlights are in hand and meet specification, it takes an estimated 30 days to finalize the watch case and build samplesand then roughly 30 days for Qi and FCC/IC/CE certification. Once we have passed those tests, we can push the smartwatch into production." So, it will be at least early June, probably later... @Chris, I think you'll find that Chris Walker has indeed been putting in those sorts of hours; see <url>#comment-5813707 I agree with you that more frequent updates should be given, but I'm expressing an opinion and not asserting my right to any particular update frequency. @jussi - just because they're updates are regularly "monthly" doesn't make it acceptable. That's like saying its ok someone only stole your tv this time whereas last time they stole your tv, laptop and bike. If something isn't right, it's not right and frankly I don't think 30 mins of one of their time per week is really going to impact the project development do you? You think they're completely strung out, working 90 hour weeks with 5 hours kip a night? No. So they do have the time to do the right thing and give updates to the people who have given them a large sum of money. @Claudio No timeframe from the creator, but using estimates from the updates and comments he's posted the earliest we'll likely see them is late April to early May if there are no more hiccups. Rather than read through thousands of comments, I thought I would simply ask: Is there an updated delivery schedule? I know these things can get delayed, but I'm wondering if I can pin my hopes to "coming in the next few weeks" or "coming in the next few months" or "could be early 2015" or what. On that I think you and I are in agreement, Paul  many projects are far too optimistic, or perhaps nave, when they make their estimates. Whether that is true of this project  did they set their estimate at their best-knowledge Most Likely, at a rosy "best 25% likelihood", or at a pessimistic "worst 25%"  I honestly don't know. Any of these may be true, but still things will happen. No battle plan survives first contact with the enemy. I listened to another interview of the creator yesterday. In it he reveals that the prototypes that we saw in the video were made using the NetDuino Mini. He also states that the agent watches would not be using the ND Mini, that the watch would have it's own IC, which he implied is a straightforward process, going from the ND Mini to a production board. I am curious as to the status of the production boards. Going through the posts, it seems like they haven't made the production boards yet, and as we all know, that can easily become a process. So, if we are waiting for the backlights, that, to date, took 8 months to make, how much longer would the production circuitboards take? @Jussi Myllyluoma - You are correct about their "best guess." However, if they fear that their date may a bit too long and move the date up, in order to get more funding, to a date they know they will miss, then that is dishonest. Going back to KS TOS, the est date is the date they expect to deliver by. Going by the rosiest scenario is not managing expectations. Perhaps that's this project's (and others') issue, they are unable to manage their expectations and ergo fail at managing others. This is interesting: <url>"store" when creators pitch their wares as a store product, which is frequently the case. @Paul  if creators state their Most Likely estimate as their "best guess" (which is what the estimated delivery is supposed to be), they are being neither more nor less than honest. Nowhere has it been said that the estimate must or even should be your "worst case". In fact, I would have to seriously question the faculties of anyone who did use their worst case estimate as their "best guess". @John  oh, gods ... I don't even know ... ten? Fifteen, tops. But I see the LunaTik TouchPen is listed as "slightly tardy" on the list @Paul linked to. I seem to recall I got mine in October; I think that was seven months after the estimated delivery. So I guess that sets the scale. @John Driggers - <url>"pretty late" category so far. @Jussi - If creators are moving up their deadlines in order to gain more funding, they are committing fraud (deception deliberately practiced in order to secure unfair or unlawful gain) I'm frankly a little surprised that people are upset because the *estimate* is off by a few months. I have backed a few projects here and on Indiegogo, and the estimate accuracy varies widely. When do I get upset? Check out this project I supported: <url>"on time" I mean within the original estimate provided by the creator. With the result that the potential backers from the instant-gratification-entitlement crowd are dis encouraged by the time frame, and don't pledge. Which, come to think of it, might be just as well... But nice to know my comments are appreciated! If you get a kick from mine, just imagine what I get from yours! ;-) @Lukas Leinfelder - Hold out as long as you can. I'm sure when you get the device, it would be a fun device to play with. @Jussi - I get a kick out of your comments. You have a definition of what an acceptable delay is and argue that any other definition is wrong. If Agent was delayed for 2 more years, I'm sure you'd be upset. At that point, I would like you to read your comments. Maybe then will you realize that you are building a case that at no point, ever, should any backer expect an agent watch. I am not advocating people get chargebacks en masse. But I understand that many people have different expectations for this watch. Some believe 1 - 2 month delays are reasonable, others 1-2 years. My point is simple, if Agent missed their "est date" and a customer wanted their money back, legally, the customer would get it back. It may not be in the spirit of KS, however, that person is doing nothing wrong. It is the fault of the project creator for failing to meet their own goals. "But think of the poor project creator." C'est la vie. When Lebron James scores 30+ points in a game and loses, and is asked, "what happened," I'm sure he'd like to say, "others didn't show up." But he can't. Likewise, it is amateur for Chris to point to an "unnamed" supplier as the bottle neck. This is his project and his suppliers failures are his failures. In regards to your question about what timeline you put. The answer is 18 months. In fact, Chris in his interview on smartwatch.fm stated that he "under promises and over delivers." No one would ever gripe that they got a watch in 10 months when they were expecting it in 18 months. As long as I get my AGENT before my birthday in June I'll be happy. I continue to wait patiently for what looks to be a great device. Though I agree with most everyone else that more frequent updates would certainly be much appreciated. @Lukas  I agree with your point about update frequency. Since they went ahead and promised to post updates twice per month, they should do that. I can understand if they want to prioritise resources (man hours) into product development, but they did promise. If they feel they can't live up to that update rate, they should just say that "sorry guys, we want to prioritise working on development, we have to cut down to once per month." If they did that, I at least would be perfectly happy with the current rate  and even more so, if they took the time to post an occasional comment. It think we would all welcome more realistic  nay, accurate  schedules. And in an ideal world, we would indeed have them. Unfortunately, the estimated delivery only represents a forecast of future events based on certain assumptions. And, when planning production of an existing design, forecasting can be relatively easy. When trying to schedule the process of nailing down a new hardware design that employs several new technologies in the same package however, with a team that has never designed this specific type of product before ... assumptions have an unfortunate tendency to become unglued. When the real world intrudes by thus ungluing even one in a chain of forecast assumptions, time frames WILL shatter. The original schedule might be 100% realistic with plenty of safety margin, using all the best information available at the time it is drafted. But you can never foresee the unforeseeable. . Let's put it this way: YOU are now project manager, holding the threads of a product design project. With all the information at your disposal, you can tell that from the point where you are at right now, if everything goes absolutely perfectly without a hitch anywhere, you will be able to deliver product in six months time. About a 5% likelihood. If absolutely everything that you can think of goes pear shaped at the same time, it'll be one year and six months. Also about 5% likelihood. The 25% probability would seem to be at 7 months at the good end, thirteen at the bad. The "most likely" seems by the best of your forecasting ability be at about ten months from now. So, all you know right now is that somewhere between 6 and 18 months from now, with 10 being the most likely, you'll be able to deliver. But Kickstarter only allows you one date in the estimated delivery box. What do you write? What is, by your definition, a "realistic schedule"? Well, I'm kind of with Paul Tsai here, because I have the feeling the creators gave us wrong information on this project. I understand that it's only an estimated timeframe and that there may be problems on the way delaying the project. But I pledged (not donated!) money towards this project because it seemed as if the creators have a lot of experience in this field. Thus, they should be able to set up a somewhat accurate timeline. But at the moment the project is over 6 months behind!! Looking at the estimated timeline of the project, it sais "June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode" I feel the project is still stuck in this phase. And I don't see any reasonable progress. 6 months later they're still waiting for the backlights. Isn't it time to get those "contingency plans" up and running by now and ditch the supplier who couldn't deliver in over half a year?! All that wouldn't be to bad if they told us what is going on. The sporadic updates are mostly interesting but don't give enough insight on the project itself! At the beginning of this project I was very pleased to see that the creators were very open and shared a lot, not only in updates but here in the comments section. In the update from July 7th they posted "[...] we will be posting updates here twice every month. We are committed to continue engaging with you, our backers, and we will continue responding to your comments here at Kickstarter." What happened with that?? One update a month is too less for my feeling and not what they promised us! I am very unhappy with this project and playing with the idea of contacting my bank and order the pledged money back. After reading through some comments I really have to add: if almost every project on Kickstarter fails to deliver within the proclaimed timeframe it is not the backers who should reduce expectations, it's the project starters who should be encouraged to make more realistic schedules. Dear AGENT Team, may I kindly ask for more frequent - ideally short - updates of your progress? Delay is not a problem but I would really like to have more timly information what is going on over at AGENT HQ. It is my contention that estimated delivery dates mean estimated dates of delivery  these words carrying the very same, precise, simple meaning that can be looked up in any dictionary. Beyond that, and most specifically in any and all judicial sense, they, as you say, do not mean anything. At all. But what does "off by 200%" even mean? 200% of what? Of the time from the Kickstarter project launch to estimated delivery? From when funding closes to estimated delivery? From when the creators actually started working on the project to estimated delivery? And yes, I agree, throwing numbers like that around IS pointless. Estimates are estimates. With altering circumstances, estimates change. . So why DO they give us an estimated delivery? That is actually a valid question. You know, for the first two or three years of Kickstarter, they didn't. Creators could provide a delivery date if they wanted, but far from everyone did. The mandatory delivery estimate we have now was introduced relatively recently, because it was felt that backers often wanted to have some kind of a sense of a time frame  are rewards likely to come immediately after funding closes, or sometime next year? Is there a difference in delivery time frames between different reward levels? It was not introduced to legally bind anyone to anything; nor was it introduced to give armchair lawyers license to think they can mould project creators' activities to suit their own preferences, by willfully misconstruing "estimated" to mean "legally committed". But when they introduced the mandatory delivery estimate, Kickstarter should have taking better care of the other end of things, by taking a strong hand in managing backers' expectations. Judging from the way things are developing, we're not very far from the point where they will have to do just that. . Actually Paul, you may want to read what the text you linked to actually says. It says "required to fulfill". It does NOT say "required to fulfill by or even near the estimated delivery time you provide". That really ought to be the end of discussion. . One thing however that I am gratified to see is what @Paul Tsai, by being so obstinate in defending such an obviously fallacious and unreasonable position, actually achieves best of all, is to drum up support for SL+HoH, and make other backers here more, not less, understanding and accepting of the "delays" in the project. Well done, mate! I'm with Greg on this. There's no guarantee that any of these projects will be made at all! When you back a project, you are donating money. If the project is made, then you will get rewarded. I think we are all adults here, but some of us choose to cry about not getting our way with the project creator. It's the society of entitlement that we live in. Read the T&C's next time you decide to invest your money in a project on Kickstarter or any other social funding site. I've seen this time and time again. I'm currently backing 3 projects that are about a year behind, including this one. The first thing I backed was that Nifty Mini Drive. Those guys took a year to get it right--I don't feel slighted, I feel bad for them! Getting this stuff done, even with loads of planning, is really hard, even with the crazy money these guys received. I'm hoping for the best and expecting the worst. That's what all Kickstarter backers should be doing. +1, 30,000, or however many made up internet points to Edward Wilcox. I understand when people are not happy when projects are delayed but when they start throwing around "chargeback" that is way too far. As a small business owner myself I find that too many people are totally unreasonable and use chargebacks too often on a whim. When someone backs a project on Kickstarter I don't think there is any guarantee of a date certain that a reward will be delivered. If you need a guaranteed delivery date order directly from Amazon. Of course they don't sell any watches with apps that can be coded in VS or support Windows Phone. The reason I backed this project was because it offered something unique that could not be purchased anywhere for any amount of money at the time of the campaign and still can't. Having said that more frequent updates should be a reasonable request. I do enjoy @Paul Tsai's rants. But please do no throw around "chargebacks". @Jussi Myllyluoma - Is your contention that estimated delivery dates do not mean anything? If an estimated date is off by 200%, it's pointless. So why do the project creators even have to provide an estimated date? Why don't they put, you'll get a reward when you get one? Why are there different pledge prices for different dates? <url> I hardly could make out what parts of your previous post tried to convey. But let us just  calmly  analyse, yet again, the fallacious premise of the threadbare wording of this post of yours: you say that "if the creators were expected to deliver by Dec 2013". I assume this is still in reference to our previous exchange concerning the explanation KS provides project creators as to what is supposed to be entered into "estimated delivery"? If so, it would unfortunately seem that you just aren't very good at understanding plain English. Or, you're just being deliberately obtuse. I really can't make up my mind which. Because nowhere in this does it say that "creators ARE EXPECTED to deliver by" a certain date. What it DOES say is that creators should give the date they EXPECT THEMSELVES to be able to deliver as the estimated delivery date. If that simple, yet crucial, difference still fails to register, I would respectfully submit that you go off whatever substances it is you are using for a while, and let your head clear up. You certainly don't need me to recommend any new ones for you... Ah NYC where electronics from the grey market can be sold as brand new. Frankly you're an a$$hat if you dispute a KS charge. You knew full well going in there was an off chance of not getting your reward. There is nothing blatant pointing to this being a scam. So you dispute amazon payments really doesn't give a @$&! and has it credited (even though there is a timeframe you are supposed to dispute a fraudulent charge which is long past) and tells creator they owe them money now. All you're doing is taking funds creator could potentially need to complete the project. As I read somewhere else, chargebacks are not a tool for buyer's remorse. For those interested in limiting their potential loss I'll pay 50% of your pledge for $199 pledges and lower. if they didn't mean estimated, why didn't they just call it the delivery date? @Jussi Myllyluoma - In debate terms, you are begging terms. If the creators were expected to deliver by Dec 2013, why are backers not expected to receive the products by that time? You claim that it is absurd for any backer to expect an item by the estimated delivery date by merging in magical buffer time frames, none of which are not mentioned in any TOS agreement by KS. If we wanted to go the legal route, KS is registered in NYC and hence bound by the consumer protection laws of that city. There are clear guideline by what "estimated delivery dates" in NYC. So my final question is what are you drinking/smoking and can I get some? @Paul Tsai  you do a splendid job of yourself highlighting the problem with your argument: > <url>#faq_41833 > "What does estimated delivery date mean? > The estimated delivery date for a reward is the date > you expect to deliver that reward to backers. " > We were told to expect delivery of our products in December, etc. No, we were not, actually. As you see, the link you refer to says "FAQ  Creator Questions". Not "Backer Questions". Meaning that it is not WE that are told that the estimated delivery means when WE should expect rewards to be delivered  it is the CREATORS that are told that it means when THEY expect to deliver to backers. A tiny, but oh so significant, little difference. The rest of your argument is, as you yourself underscore, based on a subjective interpretation of perceived implied statements, not actual concrete commitments. So, I'm afraid normal English still applies: "estimated" still means what it says in the dictionary, and is in no way synonymous to "contractually obligated". @Roma - Agent is at least 4 months delayed because after they resolve the backlight issue they need minimum 60 days . Omate started shipping in November, 1 month after they were supposed to. Agent is no where near shipping. The more important question is what does Omate's success/failures have anything to do with Agent? Chris Walker was quoted on smartwatch.fm as saying that he could ship agent by December, because he's going to kick starter pretty much ready for production. A million bucks comes in the door and then magically they still are working on backlights for 8 months. Man... I can't belive people are already wanting to jump ship. I swear...backing a project on KS is not about getting the product NOW NOW NOW. Give them a break and just wait. IF the firefly blue laser lamp shipped, so will this. I was super happy with what i recieved and I have faith that we will get a great product from these guys too. If you cant deal with delays stop backing KS projects. These are going to run over. Oops. 1.3ghz processor. @Paul, thanks for clarifying the dates. Omate estimated yours would arrive 3 months after funding but it took another 2 months i.e. 66% delayed. Also Omate promised/exaggerated several features they didn't deliver, including official Google Play, 5mp camera, 'sapphire' lens, 1.3gb processor and being able to swim with the watch. Agent estimated my watch would arrive 6 months after funding and it's now another 2 months on i.e. 33%. Too early to tell what promised features are missing but I'm happy to wait a fair while longer for a quality product. @Tim - I've done chargebacks before with Amex, months after the purchase where the item never arrived. I was pleasantly surprised by their level of customer service, prompt credit to my account even while they other party disputed the claim. They told me, the company never delivered the product and therefore have no legal footing. @Roma - I backed Omate. My mistake earlier, Est Delivery, Dec 2013. My Omate was shipped (confirmed by shipper) 1/28/2014. I received mine 2/24/2014. @Paul, did you back Omate or pre-order? If you backed wasn't it delivered between two and four months late, depending on the pledge level? I'm really only interested in hearing about cases where people actually did a charge back, not more speculation. So far @Jay is the only one and that appears to be for a project that was abandoned, not just delayed. In that case I wonder who had to eat the cost-maybe amazon or maybe just the cc company wanting to keep it's customer happy and spending money freely on the internet. @Jussi - I must have missed that question, which has no baring to this project since I am not contractually obligated to reply. Nevertheless, I'll bite. <url>#faq_41833 "What does estimated delivery date mean? The estimated delivery date for a reward is the date you expect to deliver that reward to backers. " We were told to expect delivery of our products in December, etc. This is further evidenced by talk of "final trimesters" in previous posts. If the creators never implied that we were to expect our products in Dec, etc, why did the posts leading to that date imply that they were nearing the finish line? Oh and @Paul Tsai  I asked you a while back to show us exactly where anyone was "told things would be delivered by a certain date," as you claimed was the case. Talking about timely responses and all that  I'm still waiting for yours. And "estimated" still means just that. Look it up. @Dino - A promise of a "reward" is still a contract. Look it up. @Roma - The Omate has been great so far. It's easy to root and once you start hacking the device, it's pretty solid. I have a 3g plan and google maps works great on the road. It's really nice to check text messages on your wrist. At first, I was attracted to the idea of a watch that paired with a phone. However, the user experience is solely based on the software between phone and watch. These devices becomes unimpressive when new apps are installed on the phone that you want to receive messages for, etc. Hardware aside, the software needs to be top notch for the experience to be. It's hard for any company to write bug-free software the first time around so most of these watch are iffy. I'm becoming a fan of the stand alone smartwatch (Omate). Battery life aside, the Omate is a great watch. There can be improvements on the hardware. For the first iteration, I'm happy. They shipped my watch by their promised estimated date, so that to me was impressive. I know others were not that lucky. @Paul - problem would be, I expect, you didn't buy anything. You backed an ongoing project, which will provide a 'reward'. It'd be interesting to see what a card's view would be, but if they started agreeing to refunds for any project delays, I'd say the crowd funded model was dead I still get the special Olympics vibe from some of these comments. "Look at how incompetent other projects were, this project is only almost as incompetent.." "Est. Delivery date, doesn't actually mean date of delivery, as long as a product is delivered in the future, no one can ever complain..." "There is no such thing as legal recourse..." "But they are trying, and that's what's important." The project creators are full grown adults with expertise in developing this project. I do not believe on coddling adults. We should hold them accountable to their word, not their past failures (e.g. despite their promises of regular updates, they only posted monthly updates, so that's the new expectation). I am only advocating holding these guys to their word, not any other metric. It is now March, and backlights still haven't been finalized. So best case scenario is today plus 60 days. Backlights were supposed to be finished in October. That one part alone has been delayed 4 months. Does anyone else have a warm fuzzy feeling about this project? In regards to chargebacks, Amex they abides by a simple principle. If you have not received your product, then you'll get your money back, it's plain and simple. Amex grants you the money and then they send in their hounds to collect (or deducts from future payments). I've gotten money months after the fact. It was for the delayed project. I'm pretty sure cc contacts Amazon, but i don't know the detail after that. Like I said, you will get your credit back only if CC doesn't get response back. Hi Guys, Whilst I appreciate the fact that projects have delays and can only hope that your delays are in order to deliver a great product. I think as your customer, backer and believer you should be better at communicating with myself and the other backers. It is all about expectation management and if you can perhaps give us a better idea of when we will see our devices we would all feel a lot better about what you are trying to achieve. Thanks @Roma  that is my feeling, as well. But with threats to file for charge-back with the credit card companies being so prolific as soon as projects (predictably) miss their delivery estimates, there must be quite a lot of people who (presumably) honestly believe otherwise. It would be interesting to get confirmation of who is right and who is ... not. @Jussi, the few projects I have backed on Kickstarter pale in comparison to your couple of hundred. We both know that nobody can be or has been able to be granted a charge-back or refund solely because a project has been delayed, unless the creator agrees. @Tim's original question would be interesting to have an answer to, though. Does anyone know of a case where someone has been granted a charge-back only because a Kickstarter project has been delayed in delivery? Since delayed delivery as per the TOS of the service being utilised for the transaction does not constitute a breach of service, and the service provider (Kickstarter) in separate statements clarifies that the exact opposite is in fact true  delays are normal and to be expected  it would be interesting to know exactly on what grounds such a charge-back had been granted. @Jay, that wasn't @Tim's question. @Jay Was it for a delayed kickstarter project? Was the "merchant" the project owner, Amazon or Kickstarter? I'm just curious-I'm not considering it myself. Case in point, nine or so of my posts back... In my case, I contacted credit card company and disputed the transaction. And credit card company will try to contact the merchant. If merchant doesn't respond for a 7 days, you will get your credit back. Has anyone or anyone you know ever been successful in getting a chargeback on a delayed kickstarter project? It seems like it would be a long shot and I don't see much in the way of documented success on the web, just a lot of threats. @Chris  I see you didn't back the CST-01 project. They post updates on an average every 45 days. The 30 days of AGENT seem to me quite reasonable, by comparison. . Here's the thing: with small teams with limited man hours doing all the work in some of these projects, where do we want those man hours spent? Moving product development forward, or running PR? For my own part, I prefer product development  a sizeable and informative update once every 30 days is quite fine by me. At least, as long as it provides proper information, and answers backers' questions. Like I think SL+HoH's updates do, for the overwhelming part. In fairness, I don't think we really can complain about lack of insight into the development process. . But more to the point, really: we have seen that with the work flow of this project these past several months, updates get posted once every month. That's it. Nothing sporadic about it; regular as clockwork, almost. We may prefer something else of course, but still  that is the reality. With that reality in mind, starting a big hullabaloo about I-want-my-update-NOWNOWNOW!!! halfway to when we can reasonably expect the next one to be posted may not necessarily result in an update being posted any quicker  after all, it is not as if these fellows don't have other things to do, at least as important to us here  but it would certainly get feelings on these threads to run a lot higher. And I, for one, am not all that sure that I see the point of that... As the people who are paying for this, I don't think it's unreasonable for the team behind the project to spend just 30 mins a week to do us the courtesy of letting us know what's happening with our money. Frankly, for over a million dollars I expect a little more insight into what's happening - everyone always says kickstarter isn't a shop but helping a startup and getting an insight into how that's done/getting along. Well, with this project we're not really getting that nor deadlines hit - it would be interesting to see why those deadlines are being missed and that can only be done with updates which are, unfortunately, with this project incredibly sporadic. If this doesn't improve I'm seriously considering contacting my credit card company to perform a chargeback. Looking at the last handful or so updates, they were posted 2 Nov, 1 Dec, 13 Jan, and 14 Feb. Allowing a couple of weeks of downtime for the holidays, that would translate to one month between every update, effectively. Realistically therefore, there would seem little point in expecting a full update until mid-March. So, it's just as well if we stay calm on that front for another couple of weeks. With any luck though, we might get comments from the SL+HoH team in the meanwhile... @Paul, no mate I prefer Monte Carlo. Speaking of (n)omates, how's yours going? Is it true and/or smart? Update , plzzzzzzzz ! :) @Roma - I was just in Vegas, must have missed you. Hi, It's been a fortnight since the last update, can we have another tone please some answers, especially around the below points, along with timescales and if there has been any further time slippage would be appreciated. Yes, this is just a copy/paste of my previous question but it wasn't really answered. Hi Any chance of answers to any of the questions? The updates on battery testing are great but there's still some huge gaps that need answering such as (copied from below): How long till we know if the backlight works? Bluetooth testing - how long for the package capture analysis? New materials, could you share what they are and how long testing is likely to take, also which parts of the watch body are these to be used in? This user's account has been deleted. I'll be the bagman. See you at the casino :) @Rick - July 31st is pretty much when I'm thinking people will receive their watches. If you are willing to say anytime in June or earlier, I'll take the $10 bet. @Paul - production could mean a lot of things- i'd rather not get into semantics. How about delivery? At least one backer (not directly related to the project) will get a watch by July 31st. I will take the under (before July 31st). $10 friendly bet? When was anyone "told things would be delivered by a certain date"? Where?! Please show me this instant! Or is this just the aforementioned, previously unknown subset of English speakers, for whom the phrase "estimated delivery" ACTUALLY means "legally committed latest delivered-by date"? I wouldn't mind the delays if there was better communication. Stories about battery tech are interesting but it really doesn't tell us where they are in the product cycle. Are they waiting on parts? certain license agreements? are they being built as we speak? I shouldn't expect much. Out of the 8 projects I've backed on Kickstarter only one has been on time and just barely. I'm still looking forward to the agent, if it's delivered. I've been content with my Omate so far. After tweaking, it's a solid device with great antenna reception, but it is power hungry and awkward to charge. I'm curious to see if all these power saving enhancements for the Agent turn out to be true, or just a stalling tactic. To ALL backers, this is a brand new technology, and no smartwatch out there is perfect. I dare say that the Agent will have its downsides too. If Agent lives up to 75% of their promises, it should be a nice device. @Rick Wicker - A "level headed" person may surmise that Agent has invested the majority of the funds for either 6 months or 1 year. 6 months has passed since they received the funds, it's safe to assume it was a 1 year investment. So my guess, production starts in July. Want to take the over or under? The real problem are backers. They were told things would be delivered by a certain date. But they shouldn't actually expect them to be delivered. This is kickstarter, where it is OK for project creators to tell backers anything to get their money and then nothing once they have it. "Laws" and "regulations" are not applicable here, things can be delayed indefinitely because a product is being made and well, that's reason enough. Why ask for a refund when you can easily sell the thing on eBay? (If it actually ships one day). Make your money back plus some. Here's an advice for everyone complaining about delays, don't come here everyday with the expectation of delivery date. Comme here with the expectation of being updated regarding this project. Anyone that worked in technology knows you can have set back. Some time it due to assumptions that didn't came out has you would expect and other time it's pure bad luck. When I back a project (2 so far), I know they are not trying to build something I can buy at Bestbuy and Amazon, my expectation is there will be set back. And so far, the guys behind AGENT have been transparent about them. When they have an answer they provide it. But sometime you don't have the answer, like this back light vendor, they may have over sold their capacity to the AGENT team and the AGENT team is stuck to either fix it or find an other solution. Shit happens... it's life. @Chris keep on the good work and I'm still eagerly waiting for my AGENT. How about a Kickstarter for a crowd-funded Kickstarter estimation site? Everyone puts in their guesses and is ranked by how good they are. I guess someone with a few "level-headed friends" would probably win every time though. by estimation, I mean good estimation :) The only thing I have to add is that estimation is hard and almost impossible when working with 3rd parties. I'm fortunate enough to work on projects which are already funded- it would be even harder to give a date knowing that attempting building in risks into the timeline could cause the project to fail before it starts due to lack of funding. I think that what Kickstarter actually SHOULD do much better is managing backers' expectations. The greater part of dissatisfaction with "late" deliveries I find comes from a lack of understanding of the nature of the kind of projects found, or the kind of people that run the projects found, on Kickstarter among backers who expect KS to just be a quirkier version of Amazon, or possibly Etsy. . Rather than challenging the project creators -- which is all fine and good as such; I do not oppose that Kickstarter supports project creators by making them challenge their own assumptions and curbing any unwarranted optimism -- I would find it much more important that KS challenge the backers. In fact, I would love to see a screen where backers are forced to check a box that says "I hereby confirm that I fully understand that Kickstarter is not a store, that estimated deliveries are only estimations based on assumptions that may change over time, and that I fully accept that delays, even significant ones, are likely to happen" before being allowed to process a pledge. In fact, I would say that such an addition to the pledging process is absolutely vital. So, are we likely to see it happen in reality? No, of course not. It would be contrary to Kickstarter's own business model, in that it might dissuade the instant-gratification-entitlement crowd from pledging, which would mean that Kickstarter's own revenue might suffer. @Jussi - I'm certainly not in favour of enforcing timeliness - as a project manager, that'd be turkeys voting for Xmas! But there should be tougher rules about communication and I still feel Kickstarter should help at the outset. You can't be responsible for something where 75% of what you do is late. In most cases, there will be little wrong in the execution of the project, but the initial estimates were wildly optimistic. Kickstarter could help by challenging those at the outset and get to a position where only 25% are late and say 25% are actually early. It's a much better business model, backers are happy and the reputation of the creators, often new companies, are protected as they're not remembered as the product which was late - Pebble, Ouya etc. I certainly agree with one thing, at least: communication is key. My patience with "late" delivery on these projects is next to infinite, as long as the project owners communicate openly about their progress and shifting timelines. I want to see that serious efforts are being made to bring the projects to an eventual completion while ensuring quality. As long as I can see that, timeliness is really not an issue for me. Estimates are, after all, ONLY estimates, and delays WILL happen -- it is all part and parcel of the product development process. In fact, sometimes delays MUST happen. I will not condone any set of rules that will enforce timeliness upon project creators, at the inevitable expense of me being able to get the best product in terms of quality and content the project can deliver, if they could be allowed a number of additional months to deliver it. . And if someone feels delays are an issue, imagine what would happen if the decision making process in the project were to be taken out of the hands of the project owners and put into the hands of a 5,685 head committee...! Feedback is feedback, and opinions, like certain pieces of anatomy, is something everyone has one of -- but backing a project with $199 can't entitle backers to any control over creative or executive decisions in the project. Unless the project owners of their own volition choose to solicit the input, of course. . The one policy issue that I do believe Kickstarter will have to re-think at some point is accountability in the few cases where projects have turned out to be outright scams. If you accept taking a cut out of the backers' money, I would say you accept taking a cut of the responsibility if something goes pear-shaped along the way. @Jussi, my suggestion talks about quality, timeliness and communication being elements of "doing the right thing". It involves a simple survey of backers (crowdfunding = crowdfeedback) and the majority decision rules. I understand your reluctance to open the file but I don't want to clog these comments up with the details and there's probably no point in debating it without seeing it. abide *by the policies, of course. And here's the point I meant to make: in the absence of backer agreement on what "doing the right thing" is, all we can do is abide the policies of the platform we've still agreed to use for all of this. Which is Kickstarter. And which brings us back to <url>"it's not just a good idea; here on KS, it's the law". The problem is that the backers won't agree what "doing the right thing" is. For me, "doing the right thing" is to ensure that I can get the best product that the project owners can make with the money I gave them -- however long it takes, basically. For someone else, "doing the right thing" is standing by the estimated delivery date, whatever it takes -- whatever unfinished crap you must deliver in order to do it, basically. For another, it is something else. And sorry, I'm a bit leery about downloading files from unknown sources to my computer, so I haven't read the PDF. @Jussi, I completely get that. However, there is every motivation for Kickstarter creators to exaggerate their claims and timing. Look at Omate Truesmart as a classic example of that. My suggestion aims to incentivise creators to do the right thing by their backers. What people fail to realise is the difference between a product you buy on Amazon or some other store, and a project you back on Kickstarter: . Product: The products you buy were at some point projects run by the companies that made them. At some point, many of these were start-ups, run by just a handful of people, releasing their first product on a, for many of them, new market. And most likely, many of these projects were delayed. Sometimes by years. Whether they were being run by start-ups or established companies. BUT YOU, as a consumer buying from a store, NEVER SEE ANY OF THIS. Possibly, like when the pro photogs were waiting for Nikon to release the D4, you might have been aware that a new product was coming, but was taking its sweet time about it, but in all likelihood, all of this happens behind the scenes for you. . Project: Here you're in from the start. YOU ARE NOT BUYING A PRODUCT! You are watching the product development process as it happens, delays and all. KICKSTARTER IS NOT A STORE! Kickstarter is a platform to fund creative projects. Delays and all. . And however many times this is said, in however many ways. I just know that some of you will still not get it. @Dino, I'm with you. I think creators are morally obliged to step up communication from the moment they exceed their timing estimates. But that's hard to enforce so I came up with a suggestion <url>#comment-5796432 Unfortunately I only got one person who gave feedback. Anyone else want to comment on it? +1 to Steve Gilmore and others along the same lines of defense here. Seriously a failed venture? I think those are some rather strong, harsh words to deal out to a company of one individual, Chris Walker. If you are not satisfied, go buy a netduino, and get back to us when you have a watch. I say that and the following with no sarcasm, I truly wish you the best of luck. My support of makers remains positively unwavering. For everyone who wants their money back, you've already gotten what you paid for: a small stake in a risky project managed by some stranger you just meet on the internet. You might not like it, but you bought it. Welcome to Kickstarter. "Kickstarter is not a store." As many times as that gets said, it needs to said a thousand times more. I am not insensitive to lateness here but I do have a very different set of expectations that are unique to Kickstarter, and they keep me sane: * Kickstarter is not a store; * There are no guarantees and I assume all risk; * There is no "Customer Service"; * It will be late. @Jussi - that Kickstarter comment is symptomatic of the poor performance of many of the projects here. They happily explain that only 25% of projects make their deadline and I suspect they're the simpler ones eg photo albums. It's clear that many of the projects have poor project management, especially in the initial estimating. Considering how much Kickstarter is making from all the projects, maybe they could take some responsibility and challenge timescales before allowing projects onto the site. They could also set strict communication requirements, eg update once per month unless late, at which point once every two weeks. They could even hold onto backers money, releasing it as required to fund the next stage of the project. Or they could keep on taking their 5% and ignore the problems. @Rick: Absolutely agree with your opinion. Persinally, I prefer waiting longer and have a top quality watch that has a chance to stand on the market raher than having something put to market fast to fail. The better the watch is, the better the chance that the initial production amount won't be the last batch and with this it's easier to attract 3rd party programmers to build apps or include Agent's features directly in their existing apps. Just to make something absolutely clear regarding "this failed venture", and other words to similar effect: Kickstarter has issued an official policy statement regarding whether or not delays in delivery can be regarded as constituting failure of a Kickstarter project. Recommended reading -- it can be found here: <url>"contingency plans" going to be put in place? You personally even said "... backlights which were promised for samples in October". Is a 3 month delay not enough for the creators of this project to start looking at other source? Maybe its time to realize a custom backlight might not be the optimal choice for the 1st gen product. At some point, you have to make sacrifices to produce a product. I was very excited about his product, which is why I offered my financial support. But now it seems like Secret Labs & House of Horology are reaching for technologies that are not available or mature enough for production. Asking financial supporters to wait an unspecified additional time frame while the "technology reaches" your "quality standards" is unrealistic - and frankly a little bit of bait & switch. By bait & switch, I specifically mean that the device shown in the promo video was obviously "good enough" to show off to get supporters, but not good enough to actually sell? Never mind that nowhere in your pitch did you mention anything about making custom parts which would add 6-8 months of development time past the estimated shipping date. I personally, and respectfully, think that every backer should receive a full refund due to this failed venture. PS - 1+ pre-sale up for grabs @Rick -- no worries mate; I've seen worse... ;-) I agree, the wording is ambiguous. Does 'a dark translucent polymer or "black glass" ' mean 'either a dark translucent polymer or "black glass" ', or 'a dark translucent polymer, a.k.a. "black glass" '? If the latter, is the "black glass" specifically some mineral (or other non-organic) based amorphous solid, or just another polymer? A bit more specific information would certainly be welcome. . As for the architecture, I think that what you refer to as the "silver band" is probably just an artifact of ambient light reflecting on the bevelled edge of the front lens. If you look at the introductory video, in the first close-up of the prototype (about 16 seconds in), there is no silver around the lens. In the "phone link lost" close-up, about 32 seconds in, you can see ambient light catching in some of the lens's edges creating silver highlights, but also quite clearly that there is no separate silver part. Same with the close-ups at 1:03 and 1:10. In fact, beyond the black frame surrounding the display underneath the lens that you mentioned, I have difficulties seeing anything in any of the images that could be called a "bezel", separate from the main case. But perhaps that frame is what they are actually referring to? . HoH's design as shown on the front page being such an integral part of the whole concept of AGENT, I would certainly not expect them to introduce noticeable changes to it, such as an external bezel -- and absolutely not without keeping us in the loop. This design integrity is also the reason why I at least would actually be quite happy to accept some sub-optimal technical performance in e.g. charging efficiency or extreme Bluetooth range, if they can keep the outer case PVD coated steel. When are we estimating that it will be delivered ? 2months? .........6months ?!!! At this point with the delays and lack of delivery schedule updates I am rapidly losing interest in this watch. The longer they delay the delivery the more alternatives that are popping up on the market. I am starting to worry that this is no longer The World's Smartest Watch, it is merely yet another one to add to the list of smart watches (see Sony, Samsung, Pebble). How is this watch going to stand out against the others while it is in the mid-range for the price. I am very glad to have spent the money to get this watch early only to watch 3 months pass after the expected delivery with no delivery schedule outlined. This is quite disappointing. I have had delays from other Kickstarter Campaigns but with frequent and relevant updates regarding schedule slips. You guys really need to manage this project better. Like @Thomas Ashworth commented, I too have a December agent with Qi charger ($199) for sale if anyone is interested. I've pretty much given up hope of getting this watch. Delay after delay and vague updates on expected delivery timeframes. People are generally more understanding if you would just let us know a ballpark is it another 3 months, 6 months? 1 year? I have the December agent with QI charger ($199) if anyone is interested in buying. @Creator, can you reveal some of the (other) improvements you've been working on while waiting for the backlights? In other words, how are the watches going to be better than they would have been in December (disregarding the backlit)? @Alex J - I have taken one at full price. 3 months ago. And considering that was the prototype, I wonder how different the final design will be. I'm assuming the watch will be better because of the delays(I'd love to hear something about improvements). @richard hustwit what nicer watches are out there? The pebble steel looks nice, but I can't see how it would be superior (outside of available software). @jussi(sorry about the misspell in last one) I take that to mean there are still 2 options. I could be wrong as it's worded strangely. My guess on the bezel is everything inside of the silver band, basically the whole front of the watch except the screen . I think the lens fits over both screen and bezel. @jusi I'm not familiar with the material terms, but based on the next sentence ("depending on which one") - I think "black glass" and "dark translucent polymer" are 2 different materials. > We plan to manufacture the bezel out of a dark > translucent polymer or "black glass" . So, the bezel will be plastic, it seems. What about the main outer case? But what does this mean for the appearance of the watch, exactly? Looking at the watch prototype pictures and the drawing on the front page -- what is "bezel" and what is "main outer case"? @Adam -- probably mainly has to do with the hi-tech units cutting the backlight's power consumption by 2/3rds compared to the conventional ones, that they mentioned in the previous update. @Chris -- would be interesting to know if the backlight manufacturer is still on track to deliver production samples out of the production tooling within 14 days from the 14 Feb. update, i.e. within the next two days, or if they keep pushing it back? @SL+HoH I hope you get the high quality/tech backlights that you want working for you. Any chance you can explain real quick why these backlights will be better than using your backup supplier? Thanks! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Calling my bank tomorrow to get the fund back, can't believe this non sense.... Extremely unprofessional, irresponsible!!! Dude what is going on here... The pledge sad it would be ready by December well I'm a few days from march and I want a refund or I'm willing to let go of my pledge... I purchased the agent with a charger so if anyone Wants it then hit me up... If I don't hear anything from anyone by tomorrow then I'm calling my credit card and I'll have them reverse the charge and this company can deal with them... This is bullshit !! This user's account has been deleted. @Alex, for me I'm happy to be getting my 5 Agents and am prepared to wait it out. Well then Mr Roma, it all then comes down to what one is willing to lose: owning a smart watch at $150 or the actual $150. At this point, I myself wouldn't be willing to put another $150 for another, but for those that have the funds and desire... The seller loses the chance to own a premium smartwatch for $150. @Dino. Would you buy Somebody else's pledge at full price at this point? You'd be taking all the risk while The seller loses nothing. Well I feel like a prophet, months ago I posted here saying that if Agent didn't get their sh*# together fast then this would all fall apart. it looks like time has run out here. What's upsetting the most is that from the amount of updates that Chris has given us, it looks like he has been sitting around playing with.... Not the agent watch. Project failed. @Alex - Rick offered to buy watches for 50% off people who were convinced they'd never see the watch. In that case, 50% back is good value. It's wrong to suggest that is now the market value of the pledge or watch. This user's account has been deleted. I have a December Agent (with charger). I'm also looking to sell. Looking to sell my pledge as well. I got the $150 one without charger. @Minning. As far as I can tell Roma never stated how much he bought the pledges for, and after Rick publicly stated how much he bought a pledge for, I doubt anybody would risk buying another pledge full price. Looking to off my December agent only for $150 So, Samsung has announced the release of Gear 2 & Gear 2 Neo (without a camera) running on their own OS (Tizen). Battery life is between 1 - 3 days depending on usage, still not good IMO. <url>"Spritz" looks amazing. Defenitely something to have on any smartwatch! Thanks for sharing. At this point, 50% is what you can expect based on previous trades here. You won't get 100% return on your investment at this point. If you want it all back you'll have to wait to sell it on eBay or such. I'd like to sell my pledge (December with Charger) for the same price I purchased. Anyone interested? Hi Any chance of answers to any of the questions? The updates on battery testing are great but there's still some huge gaps that need answering such as (copied from below): How long till we know if the backlight works? Bluetooth testing - how long for the package capture analysis? New materials, could you share what they are and how long testing is likely to take, also which parts of the watch body are these to be used in? have you seen this site: <url># ? would be nice to have this on our AGENT... <url>#17 was posted just over a week ago. Suggested reading -- it contains an awful lot of information. This user's account has been deleted. So I haven't really been keeping up with this project. What exactly is causing the delays? I am willing to give my watch. if anyone is interested let me know. I backed the $199 option which was to ship in December 2013. Why have I not been contacted about when to expect the watch to be shipped ?? That is pure disrespect towards a backer. Why don't you just post the expected delivery ? Activity on any of my credit cards. Yes the payments are processed through Amazon but this is the second time my Amex number has been stolen and both times Amazon was in the mix. The other time was the Apple ID/Amazon hack. In both cases within a week of the hacks my number was being used. These are the only times I've ever had any fraudulent acctivity @christian @Stephen, in case you missed it Rick Wicker is offering to buy. See his comments under Update 17. @Stephen Kong, get in line....A lot of these delayed watches are on pre sale from pre owners. I suppose ebay is gonna be full of them the day they release the "smart" watch. At this point, design, supposed finishing, screen, and about all, is old looking and outdated. Mine was processed by Amazon. I never gave cc info to Kickstarter. Did kick starter have access to the credit card info as the info was processed by amazon, was it not? @spaztastic, thanks for the heads up. I checked my account's activities and everything's in order. Can't be too careful. Unrelated to this project but the cc number I used to fund this was stolen and attached to a physical card that was swiped at a store across the country from me. The fraud dept caught it and declined. I'm sure all of you saw kickstarter was hacked. They claim no cc info was stolen but this seems highly coincidental to me. While we wait for our AGENTS why not...<url>"Murphy was an optimist" ;-) I'm glad at least for the regular updates. Hopefully we will have the watch by 2nd quarter of the year. @Badr If everything goes well we should see our AGENT this year. According to their estimated schedule it could be around summer that we get our watches so let's wish the creators much luck so everything goes well. I'm sure the creators are also not really happy to have all the delay but sometims it can't be helped, things are always happening or as murphy says: Whatever can go wrong will go wrong. @Frank Hallo Kollege :) Sorry fr den Stress mit meinen Kommentaren, war keine Absicht ;) @Chris I'm sorry for my sarcastic comments and thanks for the latest update! Will we be seeing the Agent watch in delivered in 2014? @Mirco Hallo Landsmann ;-) @spaztastic You're right, english is not my first language, I'm from germany :) Normally I can express what I want but sometimes I have trouble so if there was something misunderstanding, then sorry to all who felt offended by my comment @Chris Soto Based on the schedule which was posted some time ago here in the comments (IIRC it was 2-3 weeks ago) we can expect release near April/May 2014 if I remember it correctly. I think we get more infos when the update comes. @Creator. When can we expect a release date? Or at least an ETA? @Frank I'm pretty sure English isn't Mirco's first language so I think it's more something lost in the translation. I think he was referring to creator shouldn't say something in case it changes and then everyone screams not customers complaining. At least that's how I read it. Can anyone give me an estimate as to when the watches will be shipping? The last time frame I heard was mid march, but it sounds like it is going to take more time than that now. No. So does anyone know when the watches are scheduled to start shipping? @Robert Holbert - SL+HoH never posts update on promised time. I think we'd better expect it next week. @SL+HoH Thanks for the very detailed response and honesty in your answer. I appreciate it and look forward to this week's update. Without Facebook messages- how will I know everyone's birthday? @Roma grandstanding? Probably disillusioned? For sure! @Frank, still grandstanding? I thought you'd already decided to sell on ebay? @Frank Actually, I was serious, but lost is lost so go and sell your pledge and be happy with your pebble. I don't have time to discuss something which is lost so I'm following your last words and stay quiet, at least for this discussion as I will return to comment other things Really looking forward to receiving my watch , but i am a bit confused though , will the agent watch work with my lumia 620 wp8. Just leave all the technical gumph out and give a straight answer to what the watch will and won't do please , am I going to have to change to android to get things like SMS/emails. Cheers for any info. @Mirco >>Everything you say could be used against you if the situation changes so sometims it's better to stay quiet and watch the situation.<< You aren't serious, are you? "Shutup customer!" @Frank I only can speak for WP since I only own a Nokia Lumia 920 and currently it's not possible by the companion app of the AGENT to get any notification but that doesn't mean we're lost. Every app dev could implement AGENT support easily but the problem is most of them won't do. If I ever have the chance to do it, I will of course try to support AGENT somehow but for that I need an good app first (I already have an idea where I could use the AGENT for something so it's only a matter of time) @Mirco Yes, of course it's done by the companion app... And yes, it is probably just normal that you will finally know what it will support (or what it will not support) a year after you have payed it... My own fault, I just saw "notifications" and "WP support" and pledged immediately... @Frank Well, I never owned a pebble so I can of course not really talk about it but I don't think that pebble supports WhatsApp and Facebook out of the box, this is likely done over the companion app so you need at least a second instance which does that kind of thing and this would be most likely the app itself which Chris also mentioned. Chris also said that they will tell us more about support later, until then stuff can happen so why should they now tell something which could be different in a month or two. Everything you say could be used against you if the situation changes so sometims it's better to stay quiet and watch the situation. @Mirco >>please check the Bluetooth manual and see what profiles are supported,<< That's a joke isn't it? Why should I read any fucking manual in this world if Chris just could tell us what they support. Yes, you are right, I'm lost... @Mirco Sorry, just read the first line of your comment... My Pebble can do all this, they just don't support WP... @Frank Schmidberger You seem to be a little bit high expecting. Tell me, how AGENT can and should support for example Facebook/WhatsApp out of the box, if there's no way. It's not really an issue with the AGENT as any app could check the BT connection to the watch and forward the message to it when something arrives but that's still a thing which has to be done by the creator of the app. I don't know how it is on iOS but I know that Windows Phone currently has no API for collecting any notification as it is an big security issue if any app could simply collect notifications so it rather would be done by the OS. On Android it's maybe possible to let the AGENT companion app collect any notification and forward it but again it's a matter of trust because the app could also upload those notifications on a server. That topic is not really easy so I can understand that there are limitations. If you believed, AGENT could collect any notification then sorry, please check the Bluetooth manual and see what profiles are supported, the profiles also say what the AGENT could get over bluetooth out of the box, anything else would require manual work. Also, I don't want to have any notification on my watch, only those which are important, for example the caller if someone calls me or when a new sms arrives but I don't need every single notification of whatsapp, only from important contacts such as my family. You also said "I'm still confident that you will solve the remaining rocket science problems (like display backlights) some day (you are only working 8 months on it now)". Who has said that they only worked on the backlights so far? While the backlights are being processed they also worked on the charger (I assume it was the easier part hence they could show off more stuff about the charger) and also the other parts of the watch (SDK, chipset etc) But well, why I'm even writing this comment, it's probably useless because someone who isn't really convinced of a project is probably lost. In the end, it's your decision what you do, if you want to sell your watch, you can also sell your pledge, maybe Roma still has some space on his shelf for displaying all the watches he bought? ;) (I hope I'm right that Roma was the one who bought some pledges of the others) @Creator - Thank you for updating the backers with all of this information. Like many here, I too have been on the fence (mad/excited) about this product but can now say I am truly excited at this time. I really hope all goes well with this venture and we can all have an amazing product sooner rather than later. I would like to suggest a more frequent update to one location - but let us know where that is. If it's Facebook, Twitter, Google+ or here I really don't care. I would just like updates because I am excited.. no matter how small or insignificant you might think they are. Feed My Appetite Please! Cheers! @Creator -- Wow! Let me summarize: No, the Agent does not support notifications on emails, facebook, whatsapp (out of the box), And no. there is no limitation with WP8, it doesn't support those kind of notifications on IOS and Android either. But, hey, it shows you the caller ID, isn't that fantastic! I'm still confident that you will solve the remaining rocket science problems (like display backlights) some day (you are only working 8 months on it now), but sorry, I prefer to decide myself what I consider a great user experience, therefore my Agent will go straight to ebay once I get it. @SL+HoH  I think you've been doing a splendid job of striking the exact right balance these last 24 hours, actually: post comments to respond to issues raised or to highlight mini-updates. Save the Updates tab to the big ... well, Updates. Cross-posting on other social media is good marketing, but I would imagine copy-pasting what has been posted on KS into FB or vice versa would be well worth the time expenditure, if for no other reason that no important community feels left out of the loop. @mirco Klein - they don't have to post "no comment" when there's no progress. I don't know what projects you've worked on but as I previously commented stakeholders(us backers) frequently appreciate being told things such as "certification didn't happen because of xyz, we're looking into abc to solve this. Next week our aims are..." It shows that you have a plan, acknowledge issues and keep the people who are paying the bills in the light. Frankly it's good project management. @Frank, are you grandstanding or did you miss this comment from Chris?: "4. To set good expectations regarding the Comments page: we will try to respond to many of the questions that are posted here in the Comments section. We hope we can respond to all of them. If we run out of time, responding to e-mails first, we may not be able to keep up with and respond to all of the comments. We may also cover some of the responses to Comments in the Updates. If you have specific questions and they aren't answered on the Comments page, please e-mail us." Clearly, he's giving priority to emailed questions. You might not agree with this way of dealing with things but that's how it is. So have you e-mailed him your questions? Also, your "easy questions" might not entail easy answers. @Chris Jutting That's a good question which I would like to know too. Are the new APIs in 8.1 open enough to capture notifications and send those to the Agent in the background? <url> post on FaceTube that updates will come on Kickstarter... ;) The Creator commented that updates may come from their Facebook page. It is at <url>#comment-3660793 "we'll be posting updates at least twice a month, keeping you up to date with progress and AGENT-related news--more often in some cases when there is a lot to talk about. " @Robert: "Chris set the standard when he promised updates at a minimum every 2 weeks". Source? Also, those on the refund bandwagon.... just stop. Either sell the pledge or address actual issues. At the risk of being flamed by some the apologists... I have no doubt these guys are working their tails off to build us something really cool. However, some of the comments here are eluding to not yet 2 months late. Get serious and look at what passed fro a project plan in the funding pitch. The month of October was earmarked for certification. Since we've seen no project status, one can assume this has not begun. So let's say March is the month for certification. Assuming all go wells - not a good assumption at this point - were looking at pilot production in April and full production in May. At that point, the schedule is closer to 6 months late. The back light seems to have been a real problem. That's fair. It is an odd spec for this device and I am sure Chris and the team were trying to get the absolute most bleeding edge tech they could into every component. However, a month ago we heard int he coming weeks that the specs would be finalized on the back light. All I would like to hear at this point is a weekly "we're not there on the back light or we're closer" As projects become late, the norm in professional project management is more communication not less. Since I started writing I read the last update again. Assuming the back light is done by the end of this month, we have another 30 days fro the case. Which means certification is really in April. Assuming that goes well, pilot production is in May and ramped up production is in June. Again, since there has not been an updated project schedule, I have to assume the critical path and effort estimates for the other items hold and there hasn't been any breakthroughs on them that would shorten expected duration of each task or allow out of order completion. Obviously, the very nature of this project does not permit much shuffling of steps. I am in no way questioning the technical chops of the team. From what I have been able to see, this is a first rate group of designers and engineers. The project management, however, is abysmal. People commenting in a comments section? The nerve of people. Everyone...be happy none of the promises this project are being kept. Your $150-$200 is most likely half your car payment or food and clothes for your children, so feel free to give it away quietly. Really people??? I can't believe people are still commenting on here. Let it go guys. It's only money and I'm sure no one re-mortgaged their house to make a pledge. All better hold onto their watches when they finally arrive as I'm sure no more will be made after and they'll be collectors items of how smart watches used to be in the past! @Mirco I can see that - IF they had answered the question. They've never addressed the lack of updates. They never promised refunds, they promised updates. They've never addressed what changed or why they aren't giving updates, so people keep asking. @Robert As said, I understand that you all are not happy about the communication and I totally agree, it's not really good what happens but it often comes different as planned, I realized it by myself, especially when I had to learn something new which I never did before, then it always took way more time than expected. But still, the worst thing we can do is complain again and again, it feels like every 5th comment at least is written about the lack of updates or refunds so I can totally understand that the Creators may feel annoyed and rather work on their project instead of reading the comments. @Micro Klein - Good arguments. I understand other projects may have the same or less communication, but they aren't the standard. Chris set the standard when he promised updates at a minimum every 2 weeks. If they'd promised once a month, then I wouldn't complain about monthly updates. I'd prefer something along the line of weekly updates, but at a minimum would appreciate at least the every 2 week updates that were promised. @Mirco Klein - well said :) IMHO, if I were chris, I wouldn't answer anything either if I'm always asked the same things and I would also just delay any updates more. If they don't have anything to update, they cannot update anything. I'm sure they are trying to get something done but it takes time, I also noticed several times in projects, where I was involved (I'm working as developer so it's slightly different but also generally comparable) that the project always took more time as previously estimated. I agree with most of you that the lack of communication is not really nice, but it can't be helped if there's nothing to say. I bet that when chris would come for 2-3 weeks and say "Sorry, no update yet" that some of you would also not be satisfied with that statment. As for the lack of confirmation of any material, I also understand that neither chris nor anyone else from the creators will say anything because it only fires up the discussion and then at a later time, some ppl will say: "but, that's not what I expected, I thought it was confirmed, that the Agent is made with SuperDuranium-234 and also has the newest 3400mAh battery. Oh and not to forgot, it was also confirmed that agent will run full linux and windows and has a 1,28" ultra HD display" (this statement is intentionally written in a highly ironic tone so please let me alive for this, it's not meant as any offensive against anyone of you, it's only an ironic summary of things I already saw in other forums etc) After all, the only thing we have is to wait, the AGENT is only in it's 2nd month after the first estimated date. Something will always happen. One sidenote at the lack of communication: I also backed another project. It's not late yet but it also had it's last update on 19th january and the 2nd last update was in november so it still can happen that there's no relevant information or someone want's to collect more information before the update. At last, one statement to all which want to request a refund: First, we don't have explictly the right to request an refund. Second, what reason is there to request a refund? We didn't bought anything, we only helped funding it but still there's an risk that the creators could go bankrupt (More or less unlikely since they are running a good business so they could maybe free some funds for the agent if the money is low but we don't know their financial structures) Third, even if you are able to get an refund, why would you do that. Did you maybe thought about the fact, that those 129/149/199$ (depending on your tier you pledged) could be that amount which is later missing to finish the agent? One refund is probably nothing but pesky but what if there are 30, 40, 50 ppl to refund? The amount of money which is then being refunded could be enough to get the complete project to fail, so no one get's something. Thanks for being an ass and selfish and destroying the hopes of those who didn't already give up and instead hope for a happy end. That much said, you are now free to take my arguments and battle me into the ground so I can never stand up again ;) Let's see what happens now after I posted my text I don't understand why everyone thinks Chris is not responding. He is under the alias "Rick Wicker". You can read all the comments on kickstarter without logging in. In defense of that thread, it was posted after SL+HoH had logged into Kickstarter on 2/1. They didn't log in again until 2/9. So while I agree to a point asking all over isn't the most necessary, it's also an issue when they don't log in for 8 days to even see what questions are being asked, etc. If, for example, they had received parts and were going to take a week off from everything to do assembly / testing and told us up front they'd be gone for a week, so be it, as it stands they haven't commented on KS since 1/19, with no reason given to be away. Sure, I'm not against more updates. I just don't see any point in asking more places. We have X number of people asking on Facebook, Twitter, Comments, Emails. I don't think that we need a weekly thread cluttering up the forums too. Anyway, my point is that they are aware we want more updates- they aren't giving them for a reason (could be a good or bad reason- not commenting on that). Telling them more times and different ways is unlikely to fix anything. @Rick, when I left home and moved to the other side of the country, my parents used to complain they never heard from me. They would say "just give us a call every so often so we know you're doing OK". Now I'm a parent of two young men in their early twenties and I know exactly how my parents felt. Fortunately for me, my sons are more attentive than I was. They must have got that from their mother. Keeping in touch doesn't take long and it's a sign of respect (if not love)! @Rick - Rather than deleting those questions, would it hurt to once a week either give a mini-update or come on here and say, we have no major updates for this week. Even coming and saying something like that would be better than not saying anything and deleting the question. I vote deletion! It matches the format of the other deleted ones, and it it's just another question in the "I NEED UPDATES" mold. @Robert, there's another one been up there for about 5 days now "Where can I find Kickstarter Update #17?" so we'll see what happens with that. Also, I'm not saying I don't believe this product will be great, or that Chris isn't working hard on delivering the product, rather that their communication practices should be a primary focus for improvement. The past few updates have been later than promised, the frequency of updates has been lower than promised, and concerns of the possibility of deleting questions about these issues haven't been answered. @Roma - You are correct. I don't know of a way to ensure that Chris deleted the comment. I believe when I first brought that up I worded it more carefully. The more correct way to state it would be: -There was a post on the forums asking if Chris had stopped posting "mini-updates" in the Kickstarter Comments -That post was up for more than one day (I believe 3 or 4) -After some number of days the post went away, without any public explanation, comment or update on kickstarter, or new thread created on the forum I don't remember who posted the original thread, so can't ask them directly if they deleted it or if it was deleted in some other fashion. My thoughts though, if I'm going to delete something, it's usually shortly after I would post it or after it'd been appropriately discussed and determined that the post should for some reason be deleted. I think of social networks, and that's generally how I operate. If I post something and what I posted is misunderstood, or I have regret to have posted it, I'll delete it. I don't generally delete anything several days old that has sat ignored. My evidence for working hard and good intentions are the replies for technical questions in the forums. There has also been several SDK updates. There also haven't been any problems in the communications (outside of the frequency of them)- not really any BS or contradictions. 1 million dollars is a good amount of money, but I would seriously doubt that it is worth doing a very public scam for. Especially if you already have several successful products. From an aside in a PM exchange. it is clear to me that Chris is working very hard. Now, you can choose to believe him or not. I decided to hold off demanding the FBI bug his office to assess the veracity of Chris's comment. As for editing/deleting any comments or topics on the forum, we do know Chris edited one to effectively update on an Update. How do we know he deleted the other one? Can the person who created it delete it or can they ask Chris to do it? I for one don't know. Disclosure: I have 5 watches at stake here so my objectivity may be influenced by my desire for Chris to succeed. Also, I backed Pebble so my bullshitometer is very sensitively tuned and it hasn't flickered much at all while sweeping this project - except on this comments page :) @Richard Pope +1 I'd much rather Chris be working on making a quality product than replying to each and every person who says "it's 1 day past the estimated goal - I DEMAND A REFUND!!!!!1!111!" So as long as that is what is going on, and I have no reason to doubt it, I'm happy. While an update more than once a month would be nice, there probably isn't much to say if he's still waiting on suppliers, so meh! Is there any proof that Chris is "working hard" or "has good intentions?" After reading Robert's comment about the censoring and deleting of content from the "official forum", I doubt that there are "good intentions" especially given that the forum content was valid content, not "silly" questions. Plus the contradiction by Chris as well when it came to launching the kickstarter campaign until they had the tech designed and tested doesn't put to rest my doubts. When you add in the lack of communication a bunch of red flags go up. Sadly we as backers don't know how things will work out until they have our $$$ which is an aspect I'd personally like to see changed. @Roma 100% agree Creator is definitely still involved and has answered questions recently on the boards- just none of the update/refund ones. Kickstarter is littered with nightmares but I don't think this is one of them. For me, Chris is guilty of one crime only and that is a failure to engage with backers. However, I think he is working incredibly hard to get out a great product. So his major fault is the most minor one a creator can exhibit. All that to one side, I would really like to get an update on this project and I believe generally that a delay should trigger a moral switch in creators to hit the keyboard and communicate. But that's just me. Brent - Of course I am a backer or else I couldn't post a comment on here. Fortunately, I am one of the people who got it for $129 dollars so... Well, based on what I am seeing here the creator doesn't like doing updates. But I believe he has good intentions and just getting delayed by setbacks / production problems. @ jerry, good point! Did you back this agent watch? Do you think this will follow through? It is a nightmare, after it got funded and they got the money. They were silent for 5+ months then they said after that because of the Non-Disclosure agreement they couldn't update us (bull..). Oh well, lost 50 dollars. Thats why now I have stopped funding KS projects unless I know the project creator will follow through... Kinda like Brad....I trust him. <url>"You know for us, we didn't want to go on Kickstarter, especially as a company who has you know existing products and customers and a reputation to uphold, we didn't want to go on Kickstarter until we had technology which we had designed and tested. We wanted to know that we could build a product, know how much it was going to cost to get it to market, and then go out and ask for people to help us make that a reality. " Key part: "... we didn't want to go on Kickstarter until we had technology which we had designed and tested" Also, it seemed like December was a best case scenario, which contradicts Chris's philosophy he gave in the interview: "I personally like setting lower expectations than trying to meet or exceed those expectations. I preferably exceed so people aren't waiting a year when they pre-order something you know to get that product." Of course Kickstarter isn't a pre-order, but clearly they aren't meeting or exceeding the expectations many backers have for them. Bottom-line, Kickstarter projects are almost always delayed, the big issue is communication, or lack there of. At the beginning SL+HoH were VERY good with communication, but now they're breaking promises related to that communication; failing to maintain a high level of honest open communication. If they could fix that one thing, 90-95% of their issues would go away. I understand they ignore questions about materials because they haven't finalized that decision, but I'd rather them say, we are evaluating X, Y, and Z for properties A, B, C, D, and E. We hope to use X, but may have to use Y based on this test result, etc. I want to understand their process, not just get updates after the process is complete. I don't think that's too much to ask. /rant @jerry, i do understand however I do feel it to be a reasonable request to have any communication other than being ignored. 27 days and no communication? You are right, I backed a lot of projects and while some didn't get funded, some did and throughout the different projects I've had creators at least be respectable and communicate either to the community or privately. Ask yourself this, "how hard is it to communicate with backers?" Or "which is better, ignore everyone and piss off backers, or communicate (even if the result is "silly" or negative) and get issues resolved right then and there?" There's no logical reason not to communicate unless the creator has been incapacitated for the past 27 days. From others I've read that asking the "right" questions will get answers, however selective answering is not the way to go. Look if you are the creator, man up and be responsible. Just talk to backers, how hard is that to comprehend? Brent - Why are you even on KS if you don't understand what it is? You have bid 30+ projects as still don't understand man... just leave KS as other projects are going to be like this. Please read this before going nuts.. <url>#Kick @ jerry, very good point! Customers are going to do a "guilt by association" label bc of this "business partnership" We should ask House of Horology about this delay. As they got a lot to lose too as if this one fails, they are going to be smeared bad that people would not buy their watches.. @ rick, thanks for not answering my question and providing a poor attempt at humor. Lol glad we all know what your opinions are, my life is now complete. Better to ask for patience and understanding than beg for forgiveness and try to repair damage caused by complete lack of communication. No update for 27 days and no communication here. Look at their twitter and Facebook page. Other disgruntled backers have already expressed their disappointment in other ways and they are met with the same condescending, silent "holier than thou" manner in which this creator has chosen to act like. Sad that the "agent smartwatch" brand is going to suffer bc of the treatment of the creator. Just remember in business, one bad experience for a customer that is left unresolved will be trumpeted by the customer to everyone they know. Piss off thousands of ppl and get ready for a tidal wave of negative backlash. That's not opinion, that's a fact. I don't think "they" alone determine what is silly. silly sil adjective 1. Asking for a refund on KickStarter after a project passes it's estimated delivery date (after being delayed by an known risk). <url>"If backers knew ahead of time what type of person the creator is or the mismanagement of the product development" is a view shared by most people, but I don't see anything to suggest that. Out of the 5685 backers, I've seen maybe 20-30 people complaining (at a rough guess) - so 0.3-0.5% @ richard, you are entitled to your own opinion. Doesn't mean any of us are right though. Lol glad you decided to "not be petty" yet you were. @Brent Roberts - not wanting to be petty but... a) I don't think "discrepancies" is the word you want b) the expression is "short sighted" not "short sided". That aside, "If backers knew ahead of time what type of person the creator is or the mismanagement of the product development" is your personal subjective opinion. One that I for one do not share. Then I'll just sell the product if others are ignored bc "they determine" what seems "silly" or "unworthy" to reply to. I don't think you can speak for the creator on what he feels. Oh well I got it on a discount so I'll just sell it for full price and make a profit. I personally don't think that any communication to disgruntled backers is unworthy of a response. The creator just milked the community for over 1 mil and took the money and bolted. If backers knew ahead of time what type of person the creator is or the mismanagement of the product development, there's a strong chance they wouldn't have raised so much $$$. How many watches have been made? How many watches have been sold? Are these the "safe" questions to ask? @Lou Caputo - that's a lot of watches. What do you think about them so far? You might be the most qualified person alive outside of a tech site. They have been updating ~1x a month since the end of June. It's been less than 1 month since the last update. They ignore questions on refunds (since they are silly- this is KickStarter and it's 1 month late). They ignore questions on providing a status update (they appear to be updating when they have something to add) They ignore questions on final watch materials (since testing hasn't completed yet and it isn't decided). Have you tried asking a question other than the known ignored ones above? They seem to answer technical questions promptly. You can spam all you want, but I'd assume that would be counter productive. I would guess you would get ignored/banned (since that is what I would do). Here's the agent twitter account <url> Last login Feb 9 2014 SO they finally logged in after a week, and didn't give any updates, respond to any questions. Nothing. Why is it so hard for project creators to figure out, we don't need formal elaborate communications. Leave 2 lines saying what you did for the past week, answer a few questions, and we'll be happy. I don't think it's possible to get a refund being that we didn't actually purchase anything. If I am wrong then please let me know how to go about getting one. Has anyone been successful to get a refund ? It's now been over a full week since SL+HoH have even logged into Kickstarter. Very disappointing. Somebody correct me if I'm mistaken, but as far as I can recall having read from what SL+HoH have posted here, the aluminium case was only used for the prototype, and was quite explicitly never considered an alternative for the production version. For the production version, I am only aware that PVD coated stainless steel and polycarbonate plastic have been considered, and as far as we have been informed, that decision is still pending results from RF and induction testing. So, I must echo Rick's question: have I been missing something? Unfortunately, nature abhors a vacuum. And In a vacuum of factual information, people will start to invent their own. Easy enough to remedy though, one would imagine... Even still, if there had been no changes whatsoever I think it would be more comforting to get weekly (or even bi-weekly) updates with aims (for next weekly/fortnightly cycle) and progress along with any reasons on slippages. Sorry, maybe my expectations have been set a little higher than some by being/seeing projects run in a manner where stakeholders (us the backers) are kept up to date. Originally case was commented as aluminium, now alternates are being considered. Back light and power coil changes and changes to watch strap attachment mechanism - just off the top of my head. @Rick 100% agree. What we don't need right now is uninformed speculation from backers putting gasoline on the fire. Having said that, the rest of Chris' (not creator) comment is spot on. I haven't seen any shift in the materials and parameters- did I miss something other than comment speculation? I'd like to think that at this stage (with all the delays) we'd be getting weekly updates with what has been done that week, any delays for that weeks aims (and if so why) and aims for the next week. Even if these were really short it would keep the backers a lot happier/more confident and look a lot more professional. At this point I'm contemplating looking into a credit card chargeback due to the lack of updates and constantly shifting parameters (materials etc). I was one of the earlier backers (DECEMBER AGENTS watch only $149) when I hear that this watch would support WP8 to the fully extend. I have been reading comments here and I have lost my interest in this project completely. This is coming from a guy that visited HoH in Soho just to get a glimpse of the watch they will be delivering. Therefore I would like to sell my pledge as it was done here couple of weeks ago. Anybody interested? Update plz. It might just be the same info that has been rattling around here for a couple of weeks. SL+HoH posted on their FaceTube in mid-January that they're likely looking at start of production in March. Delivery starting in April would be an easy, albeit inaccurate, conjecture. Likely inaccurate, because an SOP in March would  with all the hoops a watch must jump through from when the first components are loaded onto the assembly line, to when the first watch actually gets delivered  in all likelihood entail delivery no earlier than May. Hi Team, smartwatch.fm is suggesting they have info to suggest an April 2014 ship date. Could you please offer us an update on how things are moving to get to this date? -Thanks! While I still would like to get something for my money, I have to admit, it'll probably spend most of it's time in a drawer. Having bought a Pebble, Sony Smart Watch and Galaxy Gear, it would have to be something really SPECIAL for me to put it into rotation. Yeah, I dropped my pledge to $150 at the last minute. My losses were minimized. On the bright side my pebble steel shipped 2 weeks early and it is gorgeous ; ) If I ever do receive this watch, I won't even open it...straight to eBay to be someone else problem. I have zero faith in this project, and that is all the creators responsibility. Sorry, wrong project ^^ How do you get it through the german customs? In Hamburg they rejected it because of missing certificate papers and german manual :( I found this interview interesting. Goes back to last year but i don't think it's been posted here before <url>"The best technology is often unseen...." -- Update 16 Agent is the best. It will remain the best since it will remain unseen. Just noticed something very bothersome. Someone posted on the Agent forums on 2/1 asking if SL+HoH had stopped posting mini-updates on Kickstarter. That post is now deleted. This is the second time I've noticed what I'd call "moderated criticism" on the forums. The other time was when someone asked where a promised update was. The title of the post was changed to "Where can I find Kickstarter Update #16?" I've given SL+HoH the benefit of the doubt on many things, but it's becoming more and more clear there is a problem here with communication. Further, I believe that the moderation of questions like that gives a MUCH worse image, than the questions being visible. Rather than changing/deleting questions, giving honest answers to the questions asked is the appropriate solution. That combined with now coming up on one week without SL+HoH even logging into KS to see comments, and that last login (2/1) there was no update given, has given me some cause for concern. SL+HoH, care to comment or address these concerns? OY! Someone needs to flip the record here. Well, it's already February 2014, and there hasn't been any update. I think the OUYA handled their debacle even better than Agent did. I'm not expecting delivery, just an update to explain why things are going on like this and what's the hold up. Some transparency would be nice. @William, actually Kickstarter did cap something, as Dino alluded to in his 2nd last comment. They stopped creators offering multiple rewards e.g. 5 watches. Then along comes a service like Backerkit which offers a solution to that. Nature abhors a vacuum :) @John - interesting about Indiegogo and glad you've had good experience. One concern is that the project doesn't have to be fully funded for them to get the money. If Agent had only got $10k, would it have been viable? I doubt it, so what happens then? I agree with the comments about projects which are too popular. I think Agent got that right by having a per month limit. They may have got the month wrong, but at least We all know which tranche we're in. Many of the creators on here have no experience of making things or project management. I think sites like Kickstarter have a duty to help them out, rather than just taking the money and running. @John Don't think that Kickstarter would ever cap anything because they get a % cut of the $$$. Not in their interest to do so. @John, on Indiegogo the creator can delete any comments from backers. That's a good reason not to trust IGG. I don't mind waiting but, an update would be nice! Even a short one. Thanks! I'm amazed how many people don't seem to get kickstarter. It really is quite simple. 1. You back a project in order for that project to happen 2. In gratitude for your backing, the project owner will reward you with something at an *estimated* date 3. The project progresses and you can be happy knowing that without you, it may never have happened. 4. At some point, hopefully near the *estimated* date, but maybe much much later, you receive your reward for having backed the *project*. At no point do you buy a product. Kickstarter is not a shopping mall - it's a crowd sourced project incubator. @Dino i think its interesting that you wont touch indiegogo, personally i have had a much better experience in both product delivery and communication for indiegogo. Out of 10 project back, 4 delivery early, 3 the month promised and 3 1-3 months late. I also have noticed that on indiegogo that since many people have the same mind set as you, don't trust indie, there are less backers/ not many that go 10x times over what they asked for so it is more reasonable to fulfill the rewards. Do anyone else think its a good idea to cap the amount of backers that a project can have / cap the units they can see of they don't get in over their head, like most kickstarter projects i have backed? @Paul - Kickstarter requires creators to deliver the product or give a refund. What it doesn't do is set out a deadline. Whilst I don't think Agent is anywhere near that point yet, there are other projects which have been extremely late in delivering some pretty simple stuff. Kickstarter really needs to review the requirements it puts on projects in terms of delivery and communication. Saying that, things were tightened up a while back following some high profile campaigns eg Pebble and Ouya. Places like Indiegogo still have much more relaxed rules, which is why I wouldn't touch anything on there - if they don't think they can meet Kickstarter's requirements, I wouldn't have much confidence Ah, well  thought as much. APMF. And Pigs May Fly. @Jussi - The promise of delivery of a product that is paid for is a contract. If you are insinuating that Agent has breached their contract, then yes, my comment was insightful. If you try editing out your own attempt at sarcasm, you will actually find some genuine insight in your post that you would do well to take to heart. APMF... @Paul, it isn't but it will be. @Rick_Wicker - As long as "it" isn't an Agent Smartwatch. Cool, you get it. Anyone expecting a delivery date is unreasonable. This is Kickstarter. You kickstart the promise of products, not actual products. As long as the creators of Agent make new promises and revise delivery dates, no one has the right to complain, ever. They are not bound by any laws to deliver a product, ever. This is the mantra of Kickstarter. You kickstart products, and then you get kicked in return. I'm wholeheartedly with what @Vlado said 4 days ago: "I'm also in the camp where I don't terribly mind the delay. I'd still welcome an official estimate on delivery date (if you do have a date in your mind, add 1-2 months to it and tell us that number - this way we all be pleasantly surprised if you do manage to deliver it sooner)." @Dino The SO has a Pebble. I was just pointing out that even with Pebble being established it took them awhile to create an appstore. Fortunately they have some big supporters who put in a lot of individual effort. Hopefully agent will find the same. I owned a Betamax. It rocked. And a laserdisc. Being bleeding edge in tech does have it's downside. @Creator - Any news on those backlights? @Spaz - The Pebble app store will be a great way to bring everything together, but apart from the new official apps, Yelp etc, everything was already available on various websites. The app store just makes it more user friendly for the person who picks one up in Best Buy. The software will be the critical feature in any Smart Watch. Pebble makes me think of early Android - loads of apps and watch faces, but many are pretty poor and your delete immediately. Agent needs to come up with the current version of the Play store or the Apple app store if it is to challenge. The problem is, with much smaller numbers, can it attract the quality developers and partners required? Betamax was better quality than VHS, but no one wanted one as there was nothing to watch Oh and don't forget... Only today did Pebble's appstore go live to the general population and they're still working on the android app. "The new Pebble app for iOS which includes the Pebble appstore is now available for download in the iTunes Store. Were still fine tuning the Pebble app for Android, so stay tuned  its coming very, very soon." @Ben I hope #1 isn't in reference to Pebble steel. Your concerns are valid but if you went back and looked at posts on the Pebble page you'd see people posting the same concerns. It's just the nature of the beast. As soon as you announce a tech product it's already out of date. Ben, a month ago I had a PM exchange with Chris. At that stage he said he was working 80-90 hours per week running this project and his existing business. He wouldn't say that here. I feel like electronics today, especially mobile devices, are always trying to "one up" each other on the market-share. It seems as though their success is almost always based on a key feature that they introduce that makes them unique. Seven months ago I backed this project because of my particular interest in 3 unique specs. (1) High-end physical appearance; which is now already available on the market. (2) "Phone link lost" which also seems to be common these days, and (3) the QI wireless charging, which today I read about a leak from apple indicating just that! The point I am trying to stress again (read my older posts) is that if Agent has any chance at success for a secure future in this market, the window of opportunity is closing very VERY fast. I hope (like many others here) for their own sake that the team is working day and night to rectify this delay, it would be a shame to see anyone put this much effort in to something and have it fail before its actual release. If the person/people behind AGENT are not literally sleeping with a prototype on their wrist every night collecting data, and working long hours every day, I am afraid there will be no chance. @Rick You tell him! @Rick. Thank you for that informative update. Now everyone can rest assured the creator is shamed no more! Wow, that public shaming was pretty brutal. To help out I will unofficially post updates for the creator, sorry for the delay 2/1 update: Logged in Last login 1 Feb. and no update? Shameful If you are interested in a suggestion to improve the Kickstarter experience, please click here <url>"acceptable" margin of error changes as a project progresses. Our first estimate just has to be within 100%, our second estimate, within 50%, and then our final estimate within 10%. I can't go into too many details of my work, but to map that to Kickstarter that'd be something like, when a project is in its funding state, 100%, once they have a complete prototype and are ready for production, 50%, and once they have a ship date, 10% accuracy. And those estimates are still missed often enough. @Paul You're missing the point. In my infinite wisdom, I know I am not involved with the particulars of this project so for me to give an estimate/margin of error would be pure conjecture on my part. I have no idea but I'm man enough to admit and accept that. In my infinite wisdom, based on similar situations I know #&T happens and I can't fault them for that. If they go radio silent and we hear nothing from here on out then I will join you in your leaky vessel. Until then, I'm not going to fault them for hardware delays. In the basic definition of "estimate" there isn't one  that's the point. You can define any arbitrary "acceptable margin of error" you like, but such a definition will never be anything more than your own highly subjective opinion. You can be as vocal as you like about it, but no-one outside of your own head is obligated to take any notice of it. @spaztastic - In your infinite wisdom, please provide the acceptable margin of error for estimated delivery dates. Privates best kept private :) @roma - seems like you're a bit curious Paul to Spaz: you show me yours and I'll show you mine ... in private. Probably best. @Paul perhaps you should brush up on what estimate means. Here I've made it easy for you and attached the definition of it. I live in what most people would call the real world. There are delays that are unknown/unseen when planning that crop up in a project. Yes a project is padded but that doesn't mean it's going to be spot on. My background is in product creation that requires using outside vendors. I know all about estimates, project schedules, requirements, risk assessments, cost analysis, etc etc etc. I realize most people who are running a kickstarter campaign might not really know what they're getting into. The fact that these guys have run into issues is par for the course. Sorry but that is the way it works. If you can't grasp that, that's not my problem. You can continue to whine on here until the cows come home. I'm only pointing out that what has transpired here is nothing unusual in the real world. Calling them frauds is uncalled for. Why don't you just sell your watch and be done with it? estimate [v. es-tuh-meyt; n. es-tuh-mit, -meyt] Show IPA verb (used with object), estimated, estimating. 1.to form an approximate judgment or opinion regarding the worth, amount, size, weight, etc., of; calculate approximately: to estimate the cost of a college education. 2.to form an opinion of; judge. verb (used without object), estimated, estimating. 3. to make an estimate. noun 4.an approximate judgment or calculation, as of the value, amount, time, size, or weight of something. 5.a judgment or opinion, as of the qualities of a person or thing. 6.a statement of the approximate charge for work to be done, submitted by a person or business firm ready to undertake the work. Whine about their smartwatch being late? @spaztastic - You may operate on the level that "estimated dates" means nothing. If you want to compare resume's I'll be happy to, but not here. Whatever anyone's background is, you are better served when you under promise and over deliver. These guys bit off more than they could chew and you're calling me out for it?! "But they're trying their best" Quote from The Rock, "Your 'best'?! Losers always whine about their best. Winners go home and..." Judging by the last Gear, I would probably still prefer the Agent. Maybe by the time samsung announces its Gear 3 we could get a estimated delivery time for the Agent. Yay. Lucky that backer communication , estimating and watchmaking are not mutually inclusive skills. I'm excited about the project. I, on the other hand, would like to see an update about user interface or app store progress. They don't need backlight for that. I'm also in the camp where I don't terribly mind the delay. I'd still welcome an official estimate on delivery date (if you do have a date in your mind, add 1-2 months to it and tell us that number - this way we all be pleasantly surprised if you do manage to deliver it sooner). I believe that we would be better off counting the days than being in the unknown. And I wonder why they can't occupy our minds a little by letting us do the watch strap survey (size, color)... John, if you really do just want to know what's going on, have you asked them directly? By PM to Secret Labs? If so, have you followed them up? Going on and on ad nauseum here is all-heat-no-light. You're an outlier on the backer satisfaction scale, so please go do battle with the creator, not the majority here who seem reasonably (but not totally) OK with things. I know you're trying to win people over to your extreme position but there's no lynch mob here (yet). I, for one, don't mind if Chris (and HoH) spend more time getting our Agents done and to the highest quality possible for the money I pledged and paid with - rather than spend time here pacifying a number of backers with updates they already gave. Whether due to external or internal factors, these timelines slip. Judging from SL's previous updates, they're doing everything they can to deliver the best smartwatch possible. It will be in their best interest to do so, rather than release a mediocre product to meet an estimated delivery date. We all want to receive our high-quality watch(es). The sooner we get to that point, the better. and i still don't know; also sorry for typos on my phone Why do i care about sunglasses i backed a watch, each creator is different from one another why are you grouping them like they are the same. Its not my fault you backed a dud, we all have done it tho. What i am getting at is the BACKERS are the ones that are so post to hold the Creators accountable, not kickstarter not anyone else but us. So we people let everything slide, like having them keep us updated on progress things get out of control. All i am saying it we need to Demand more than they are currently given us! I think this is something most all of us can agree on, I'm not asking from the instant gratification of the product but i am asking for the people of SL and HOH to interact with the people that gave them a million dollars, which in all fairness is not that much money. I am sick of everyone here making guess and assumptions i just what to know what is actually going on and i feel that the kay kickstarter is set up its the obligation of the creators of any project to do so, more so when it goes past the deadline which they set. In example over 10days ago they said the new backlight was on the way. Yet still we don't know if it fits the requirement or if it won't work and they need a different one. Asking to be filled in is not to much to ask yet we have to beg them for any information? Thats wrong. I didn't even start commenting on this till i noticed it was a month late and i couldn't find when it was expected to be delivered. @John have a look at the below project. www.kickstarter.com/projects/objectiveelement/kolstom-classic-carbon-fiber-sunglasses It missed the deadline by fre@king margin I tell ya! Still the creater is working on the project and hopefully this time around does send out the working unit. What did you say shouldn't be more than double the estimated delivery? We've backed the idea, not the already in mass production retail product so things can and do go wrong... @John Nearly your entire comment is outrage aimed at your own assumptions that 1) the project won't ship before the end of June, and 2) everyone agrees with your estimate of what a reasonable ballpark is for an estimate of a project of this type in the first place. That's ludicrous unless you're posting under false pretenses which would be unmoral of you. An estimated delivery is not set in stone but should at least be in the ballpark, which this is not. I am willing to wager that they will go over the estimate by over 100% which is ludicrous. IT should not take double the amount of time of the estimate, unless it was used in order to lure people under false pretenses which is just wrong and unmoral business practice! Or just looking up the word "estimated" in a dictionary could help. @Paul In addition to lack of manufacturing experience, I take it you've never owned your own business or done consulting. If you think estimated delivery is set in stone you really shouldn't do Kickstarter. Sorry, can't resist buying in on Pebble. Karsten, they did not have a working design. If you look carefully at their initial video there is a little wire running from the watch up the sleeve. Much commented upon. SL could have easily done the same thing with Agent and had anything from a Netduino in the pocket to a mainframe in the next room. Re delivery, spaztastic is correct. Also, there are still some backers who haven't got them one year after production started. Have a look at the latest KS comments. Rick has deftly demolished Paul's paycheck analogy. Love your work, Rick. I try to avoid working for companies which provide an estimated paycheck date. @spaztastic track record of promises and what they've delivered/done. You are treating SL & HoH on the kindergarten level of "at least they tried." People pledged to receive a product by end of year 2013 and to date we are at least 4 months away. If estimated delivery dates can be off by a factor of 100% then I would love to see your reaction if your paycheck gets delayed by the same amount of time. @Karsten Not 100% accurate on the Pebble front. The following month after Pebble closed I put in a preorder. They requested funds in Jan and I paid and waited. March ship date was what they said when I paid. That came and went. When I finally did get my black pebble it was after they were already being sold at Best Buy. They screwed over lots of folks not just the color ones. Oh and my black one said Kickstarter edition which was a bit funny considering several people who switched from color to black got one that didn't say that. Pebble had a surplus of black backer watches. They had issues with the other colors than black, communicated that ans then gave backers of other colors than black the option to switch for faster delivery. In the end, they had less switchers than expected. Furthermore, the injection moulding for the other colors had prolonged issues, so not to waste time and production capacities, they continues building black pebbles and sold them - after they delivered to the black pebble backers and preorders first. But, in comparison to Pebble and Omate, they had samples and prototypes and a working design, they "only" had problems scaling production. This project is FUBAR. No prototype, no design, nothing but some lonely PCB... THAT's what I call FUBAR. Because Pebble was mentioned often in the latest comments, I also want to add something: Pebble said, the wanted to deliver all watches to backers first, still they started selling on various markets before the promise was fulfilled. Some of us are still waiting fo their pebble, one of my coworker still wait for his pebble, he is also from germany so the customs are probably part of the delay because oebble never really cared about the paperwork but still offered their watch to everyone. The guys from the AGENT-Team said, they will do the paperwork, so I think it doesn't cause as much trouble as pebble but they also got their own problems and the more some of us are crying, the more will they be distracted, because reading every message we write costs also time so we should wait more patiently. I also disagree with the lack of communication, it's not really good to be quiet but they have their reasons for this, sometimes it's better to say nothing. Seriously - you all need lives. Get on with living and when it arrives be happy. @ Erick They initially asked for 100,000 and got a million. In the stage they are in the addition watches needed to be produced doesn't come into play yet. Thus they have multiple times more funds for their needed R & D to get it to the production level faster. Doesn't that sound like what should happen. @Paul Track record? I don't seem to recall either HOH or SL having a previous smart watch. I'm going to take a stab and guess HOH doesn't really have much to do with the creation of the watch past the design of the case. SL I'm going to guess besides spinning the board most of netduino is off the shelf components. I think where they're going to shine or fail is the function of the watch. @John comparing this to other watches you've purchased.. that's like comparing a crock pot to a convection microwave. Well, wasn't that an interesting spurt of activity. I'd suggest that anyone with strong views about anything might PM Chris Walker through the "Contact me" link on the right of this page. Please don't bother replying here "but I shouldn't have to do that"! @John Repeating things doesn't make them true. You were not assured they could deliver a watch by the estimated date. You have no idea how their capital is being used. You don't know how long an update takes to write because you're not concerned about making misstatements or managing expectations. Time and money are both capital which can be spent. The project is funded at a fixed cash level. That says to me when there is an unexpected cost, if time can be used instead of money, they should spend the time because there's no telling what other unexpected costs could arise where only money can be used. Their cash is finite and if they run out, how will they deliver any rewards? They could go the route of Pebble and begin commercially selling their watches before all the backers have been fulfilled but I'm not sure they're eager for the fallout from that option not to mention it wouldn't get the watches to the backers any sooner. We get that you're unhappy and that you really like to talk about it. We get that your armchair quarterbacking would have tried a different approach if you were in control. We get that you're not going to be appeased in any way other than to have your watch - assuming you backed at that level and aren't just a $1 backer stirring up trouble - delivered to you already. Since that's not a possibility and given your antagonistic communication, what do you expect to happen? What outcome are you hoping to achieve? Many voices have asked for more frequent updates. This is not a fight you're championing for the community. Many voices have asked how the back light situation is being handled. This is not a fight you're championing for this community. So what are you bringing to the table? What value have you added to this community? Why should I not just overlook any of your comments in the future as being repeats or wild assumptions? @Paul @Jussi @Spaz We are going to get a "Casio" because that is what we paid for. So yes I want it fast. This inst a nice watch you wear to formal occasions that is 18kt gold and last you 10+ it is a smart watch that will only be useful for under 3 years time with the way tech is advancing. I was sold a watch they assured that they could deliver in a time frame that they created. At this point they don't even have the prototype to base the production off of and it is past the delivery date! @Agent quit milking the kindness and understanding of the people who funded you and deliver what you promised as soon as possible and spend 20 min a day( relatively nothing) interact with you consumer who have already paid you.This is one of four watches i have backed on Kickstarter, two made good on promises and communicate will, while CST and Agent took the money and basically said you get what you get it when we feel like doing it. @Jussi - We are both speculating. The difference is I'm basing my speculation on the track record of SL & HoH while you are affording them good intentions. Also, I'd rather have my casio sooner rather than later. @Paul  perhaps, but that's just speculation, as well you know. That way, there are at least funds that COULD go into the watch. As per your preference, we'd be guaranteed to just get a Casio, only we'd get it fast. @Paul When I asked about working with a manufacturer, I meant on a project where you personally submitted a design and got quotes, and went back and forth about specs to meet, design changes, budget, time frame, materials, processes, etc. @Paul It on budget not cheaply. There is a difference and you know it. As far as backlights..yes I do realize there are many products with backlights. That in no way necessities there be 1000s of vendors. And do all of them make the size of a watch? Probably not. You also add in foreign and there goes your timeline. I was looking at domestic only and frankly unless they don't really publicize their existence I haven't found many. Please enlighten us on why it's in their benefit to drag their feet? What do you think they're going to get out of that? They're not going to be bringing in anymore money if they don't have a product to sell. @Jussi_Myllyluoma - Please remember, just because they make their funds go longer does not mean the savings will get put back into the watch. Most likely, they'll be pocketed. We could end up with the equivalent of a Casio, a good quality cheap watch. I personally don't wear Casios, though they are good watches. This watch wasn't supposed to be a Casio. Fast & Good Quality is the best model of a company that utilizes kick starter, yet none do. Spend the money you were given out of blind faith and delivery about expectations and you will be set up on a road of long term success. Go slow and loose consumer faith, as they are in the process of doing now, and risk the markets competitors to pass you living you with the little costs save as the only profit for the endeavor @Jussi_Myllyluoma - Look at their timeline and tell me how many things they've cross off their list. They are still in phase 2, w/3 more months for production to begin. They do not need a backlight to begin testing qi charging with their cases on their watches. They could actually make decisions about that right now. But, we need to wait for the back light, then they'll decide. Then cert, then 60+ days. Totally sounds like NOT dragging feet to me. @Paul  I would say that if SL+HoH can make the funds they raised go longer towards delivering the best watch they can, then I, for one, don't mind them trading in the time factor. In fact: if you can have it cheap (=more content for every dollar), fast, or at good quality, choose any two, "fast" is the one I myself would ask SL+HoH to trade away! I don't see how that necessarily adds up to "they do not care about their backers". Very disappointed on the this watch. I will go out and buy the pebble. I won't do another kickstarter project. This is my second disappointment. Your watch features,design, and production are honestly last year. Your competition has now taken your slack. You have lost the market and the consumer's confidence. @spaz  but you make a good point, too: Pebble started shipping four months after estimated delivery. We're so far just on month after AGENT's. So indeed, there would seem to be little reason to assume that SL+HoH are deliberately dragging their feet. @spaz  true, but my point is that they *started* shipping eight months after funding closed. We're now just seven months after AGENT's funding closed. @Roma I could care less about Omate's involvement, no personal towards you, I backed Agent. One cannot keep comparing KS projects bc they are independent of each other. A person with pride and confidence in what they do should have no problem sharing it. Yet, Agent apparently has a problem sharing with the people they believed enough in them to give them a minimum $129 each. They will sweet talk you non stop when trying to get the money, but just like a used car sales men as soon as they get paid they could careless about your happiness( At least this is how i feel). @Jussi Pebble closed May 2012, supposed to ship Sept 2012 and not all back pebbles went out until Apr 2013. Color pebbles were much later. @spaztastic - Agent made their bed with their deadline and they need to sleep in it. Everyone wants things done fast, with high quality, and cheaply, but you can only have 2 of those at the same time. Agent is choosing High Quality and Cheap and foregoing speed. It's not due to lack of funding. It's simply because they do not care about their backers. The evidence of the last statement can be clearly seen by their updates and customer service. Well more like lack of. In regards to back light manufacturers, there are plenty, both foreign and domestic. Do you know how many things have backlights? @Paul If they have no backlight how exactly are they stalling to release the watch? Even if they switch vendors now, that will just add to the delay. Neither of us know what the delay was with the manufacturer but you can only beat a dead horse so much. Again, I seriously doubt there are many backlight manufacturers to choose from. The watchcase on the other hand holy smokes too many to choose from. @John, my last comment mentioned Omate so let's compare your Agent comments/updates stats with theirs. Omate has posted 1,540 comments, of which 94% were in the fundraising stage. Omate has posted 59 updates, of which they were posting at the rate of 10 per week while fundraising and 0.7 per week since. Omate was much more aggressive in their fundraising stage than Agent was and relatively less communicative since. Pebble's KS closed in May 2012, and started shipping in January 2013. AGENT's KS closed in June 2013 and is now projecting delivery in Q2. Bearing in mind that Pebble was a bit further into their development when they launched their KS, I do not necessarily see that SL+HoH are deliberately dragging their feet. Mind you: if we're still having this conversation in August, then I may change my mind @Jussi Another point about Pebble is they got in bed with Dragon Innovation before kicking off their fundraiser. Dragon is the one who got them set up with Chinese manufacturers so they were by no means going at it alone. The delays about the different color molds were laughable. @Roma - What does the difference between Omate and Agent make? Not one bit. Why? Because I am judging Agent based solely off what they said they could do. They set the standard that we should hold them to. Agent has done nothing legally wrong by investing their funds, ergo no conspiracy. I didn't imply it, I flat out said that they most likely invested their funds. I also said I could care less if they did as long as they delivered their product. My point is simple, if Agent really wanted to release this watch, they would be further along than they are now. It's clear they are stalling. And yes, blame the govt shutdown for slowing down the FCC cert process when Agent hasn't even begun that process yet. As for communication on this project  since the funding closed, SL+HoH have averaged one update approximately every 20 days. Pebble, whose updates were lauded here earlier, were about the same; one update every 17 days after the campaign ended, I seem to recall. Not enough difference to really matter, to my mind. One thing that can be said about the updates is that Pebble seemed to make much faster headway towards production  but then again, they were somewhat further into development when they launched their KS. They also posted many more film clips of hardware in various stages. On the other hand, it seems SL+HoH do post movies of hardware now and again  just that they do it on FB, not here. For whatever reason. I would say that one substantial update every three weeks or so is quite okay, especially if the creators are active in the comments threads in between. That project owners communicate more actively in the "selling" phase than in the "development" phase is just natural, to my mind. Same as it is natural to provide a 'best guess' estimated delivery, rather than a 'safe bet' of "gosh, I dunno  three years in the future? We'll surely be able to deliver by then" And as for the delay, we have been informed of it in advance, and of the reasons for it. It's just that again, the finer timeline was last posted on FB, not here. For whatever reason. @Paul you forgot intentional in front of leaks. @John I don't think it's quite the same thing. Please correct me if I'm wrong but I'm assuming you're going out and estimating the cost of a job. Material cost, labor cost, length of time of the job, etc. Do you rely on third party manufacturers to build components that are used or is everything off the shelf? I do agree with you about communication though. It has been dismal at best. There really is no excuse. It doesn't have to be all nice and polished. A simple weekly where we're at, where we're headed, road blocks that have come up would have been nice. Most people in industry report to someone and we do updates. It takes 5 to 10 minutes for me to type of a report to my boss on the status of my project. When using a manufacturer you generally try to get them involved while in the initial design phase of the product you want to manufacture. They are an excellent source of what is possible, cost effective, etc. An end product can have multiple parts coming from multiple manufacturers. A good project manager is familiar with typical timeframes to produce parts and plans accordingly with some room for error. You're expecting some joe from timbuk2 who has an idea and wants to get funding to build it to be able to know what it's like to work with manufacturers and how to best estimate it. Now Secret Labs + HOH clearly have worked with vendors so they should be able to better nail down a timeframe but vendor delays are nothing new. @Paul Your out of business comment - you're assuming there are loads of backlight vendors to work with, and the company only makes backlights, and the agent is a big job to them. Agent doesn't have the funds to have multiple back light vendors work on it in parallel. When I work with vendors on a project I submit the design for multiple quotes but after the initial quoting period I work with just one. My projects are very expensive but low volume. If there is someone in particular I'd prefer to work with but their quote is much higher I'd negotiate the cost down. I've been in industry for 20 years (both private and govt) and I have never seen a project complete by its initial completion date. Never. @Jussi - You found the exception. However, note that the last Mac Pro was over 6 years ago, it's not like they were biting into their margins with the announcement. @Agent thanks for deleting my comments on facebook, did not say anything rude or untrue could you please tell me why they were deleted? @Paul  Most recently, the latest Mac Pro, which was announced in June, and released in December. Same with updates 50% in the first month and a half and 50% in the following 7 months.... They lured in with high hopes and set initially high expectations are failing to deliver on communication and product fulfillment.. Don't get me wrong this product could be amazing, but they way they are going about things would get any person contracted to do any job fired in an instant, but since this is Kickstarter it is acceptable My largest frustration is the fact since they got their money they nearly left this forum all together. Does anyone else find it off and wrong that over of their 900+ comments 85% of Agents comments on this page came in during the fund raising stage less than 2 months, while in the 6 since they barely even written 100 comments to peoples questions and concerns. This is my biggest issue that they project seemed to be more involved than the others i was looking at, but as soon as they got their money they looked at us like a bastard child that gets attention only when it the most convenient to them, and surprise that's not very often. @Jussi, name one product that Apple has announce months in advance. Apple has a history of supply issues, so that is not when they announce a shipping date. Apple knows, when they announce a product, they affect the sale of their current products. This is why all information about their future products are leaks. But still today, Apple does announce new product launches, sometimes months in advance. It's just that they announce them when the ship date is firmly nailed down, not before. @Jussi - the reason why apple doesn't announce products in the future is the Newton. In addition to the production issues, Newton made a drastic error after they launched their product, they told people when the next product was going to be released. Since the device was expensive, most people decided to wait for the next one, which meant no revenue came in. Apple couldn't recover their costs. @Paul, it came out after Omate's Kickstarter campaign closed that they were controlled by Umeox and the Truesmart was an upgraded SimValley in a different case. So this was an established mobile phone and smartwatch company using Kickstarter to raise funds to rebadge a product into new markets. Agent is a brand new product being developed by two companies which have small scale quality manufacturing cred but have never made a smartwatch. Taking the backlight as an example, Umeox would have a store of them to bung in. In Agent's case they say they can't find suitable backlights so they're getting custom-made (and presumably more expensive) ones. I happen to believe them but you apparently don't. Again you imply a conspiracy. Were you the one who suspected that Agent was holding up everything to make megabucks from investing the money? @John, I totally agree about the lack of communication. I believe that once a delivery deadline is missed, a Kickstarter project creator has a moral obligation to communicate long, loud and often about what they're doing to bring home the bacon. I am going to take this up with Kickstarter and Agent will be one example. @Mandeng, if you really want your money back then put some time and effort into looking at some previous comments here and you might find how and how not to go about it. It won't be me helping you because I don't like your style, sorry. @spaztastic - Yes I have. I advise working w/multiple vendors on the same part and padding your best case scenario. Even after the flub, Agent still has 1 vendor working on the backlight. When you work with 1 vendor, delays get ridiculous. When you let each vendor know there are other vendors that could be supplying the parts cause you are shopping for the best part, suddenly these lead times get reduced. It's slightly more expensive, but the time savings more than make up for it. @John  true as far as it goes. However, partly, the operative term is "proficient". This is the first time SL+HoH undertake this kind of development project. And partly, the lead time you "estimate" in a quotation  based on largely known variables  is vastly different from an estimating the final delivery date on new product development projects  especially when you're trying to break new ground, where most variables are unknown. To wit: there is a very good reason why even Apple long ago stopped trying to announce new product releases based on ever so educated or "safe" estimates, and only do it on firmly confirmed delivery dates. And I, for one, know of none as proficient at ground breaking product development projects as they. Having been around the block a few times here on Kickstarter, here's the problems that I've seen occur with delays far too many times: First, few understand that delays are part and parcel of Kicktarter projects. Actually delivering a product design project at the estimated time is the exception to the rule. Second, when the delay coupled with the failure to understand that what you do on KS is back projects, not purchase products, start to nag at the individual's sense of entitlement, the typical knee-jerk reaction on one of the sides of the Atlantic is to start considering how legal action can force the "offending" party to do what I want. Third, when the hollering about class action and whatnot gets vocal enough in the comments threads, the project owners, typically on the same side of the Atlantic and hence part of the same court-fixated culture, feel they must seek legal counsel just in case they need to protect themselves from something. And what happens then? Well, the typical lawyer will (1) tell the project owners to immediately shut up  not say anything at all, in case they incriminate themselves. Meaning that the updates will either cease altogether, or become so general that they are meaningless anyway. And (2), the lawyer will instantly eat up any funds left in the project, meaning that it dies right then and there. So, if we want to have the least chance to see our watches someday, let's just drop the whole going to court bit right here and now, shall we? @Jussi Yes it does, as an electrical estimator for a commercial contractor being off on estimate does matter. IF i were to be off on an estimate to the same degree that this watch is later my company would be in the hole over 100,000.00. Agent is currently over by 1/6 of their initial estimate. Estimates are meant to be used as a tool to judge on price or time, people who are proficient at their jobs should know to account for all lead times when giving an estimated date. This company estimated a project time of six months, which was obviously over aggressive, their earliest possible delivery date is in march, which in my mind will not happen. This is over 50% additional to their initial estimate. In any other setting going over an initial estimate by over 50% is almost guaranteed failure for a company, yet the Kickstarter community, for who knows what reason, has accepted misguided and unrealistic dates as acceptable practice. I have no problem waiting extended periods of time for a project to be completed, but I cannot stand the lack of communication on a delayed project. @Rick  you may not agree, but I myself do feel that the FaceTube comment does refine the timeline ever so slightly @Paul  "no manufacturer would take 4 months get make a prototype"  what factual foundation can you cite as basis for this statement? It would seem to me that you must have experience from some entirely different segment of this industry than the one I'm working in Estimates are still only just that: estimates. Does the phrase "to miss an estimate" even have a logically consistent meaning? @Pail Tsai Have you personally ever worked with a manufacturer? Amen to that. I'll compare when the build something. It's great when people compare specs of vaporware to released products. Agent has a better battery life, etc. We've been told that it does, but then again, we were told that once Agent got our funds, they would "use raised funds to create watchcase molds and production circuit boards." How is that going? People need to stop comparing vaporware to actual products. This is what I mean by Blind Faith. Kickstarter is for anyone who wants to use it. The only people to blame for missed estimates are the people who set those estimates. If Agent set a date of June 2014, no backer would be complaining. It's clear that Agent is playing fast and loose with the funds, no manufacturer would take 4 months get make a prototype of a backlight. They would be out of business. Agent has been dragging their feet for a reason. Their lack of communication speaks volumes. In the meantime, my Omate has shipped! To the Blind Faithful, keep on drinking the kool aid. Does the thought of giving the pledge amount to a complete stranger and getting nothing in return keep you up at night? Is your first response to something not going your way is to call a lawyer? Are you pledging to give your reward as a gift on a specific date? Do you require constant updates to make your life complete? If the delivery date slips are you the first the cry foul and demand a refund? Are you in general a disagreeable person? If you responded yes to any one of these questions then Kickstarter isn't for you. Side note - The only way any type of lawsuit is ever going to come together would be a class action suit and that would really have to be against Kickstarter not an individual project. <url>rn Blatterspiel on that date, below). Is that correct? For my own part, I do not use Facebook. I have deactivated my account there because I object to the direction their user integrity policies have evolved in. Furthermore, I do not appreciate being referred to external websites for information that project owners ought to be posting here for their backers in the first place. These were the differences I considered between the Pebble and Agent: 1) Better battery life 2) Better looks (I consider this pretty important since I would be wearing the thing) 3) Wireless charging 4) .NET SDK I haven't used the Pebble or the Agent, so I can't speak to performance- I'd assume that having 2 year newer hardware would make an impact though. Other than the Pebble, I still haven't seen anything comparable. I just went to Facebook and didn't see any posts (<url>"December 2013" when it's January 2014. SL & HoH are innovators. Innovators push boundaries. By not delivering or responding to emails, they create innovation. Just look at how they innovated the 2nd hand buying of a watch that was promised to be delivered and yet to be made. Sure, you can look at the estimated timeline and realize that every single one was missed. But I have blind faith in 2 small private companies that I've only read about online. So what if everything they promised us to date has been inaccurate? What other word, besides innovation, can describe Agent claims that other released smartwatches are following in their footsteps? Or that the use of a $1 light sensor, instead of a $.50, is a "breakthrough"? I used to be believe that getting a watch was the point of supporting this kickstarter. Now I see it's the bragging rights to say, I can flush more money down the drain and not complain about it longer than you. When it comes down to it, that is what matters most. Isn't it? What other watches are people looking at? I haven't exactly been scouring the internet - but I do read Engadget daily. I've not seen anything comparable (I don't consider the 2 year old Pebble internals in a new case comparable). This user's account has been deleted. @Roma - I hope you've got a big case for all these! I have bought the pledges from Joe Minnella and Dino. I'm not touting for any more, just putting it on here for the record. This user's account has been deleted. Any update on the shipping date? @Roma - you have mail I take it since we are back on the biweekly schedule for updates we will be getting one shortly? Dino and Joe, I am interested. Can you please email cartwrightpeter at me.com? Thanks. Okay, two weeks ago sharp, but still. My only real concern at this point is what they'll end up making the case of... Hoping for an update on that soon-ish. In their update just a week and a half ago, SL+HoH pointed out that the backlight delivery went from a projected October to an actual January. In the worst-case assumption that the consequent delays in the projects as a whole are linear, this would entail that December Agents ship in March. BUT: this is also assuming that no other delays occur with any of the other custom parts (watchcases, lenses, backlights), or and any last-minute changes to the build required to satisfy regulatory requirements -- which SL+HoH also caution for in the same update. All in all, this would realistically boil down to a delivery date somewhere in the March timeframe; possibly April, allowing for some unforeseen delays. But I will be pleasantly surprised if we get them anytime in Q1 -- and that is with no hint of sarcasm or irony: in my mind, it would be well done of SL+HoH to accomplish it. The time-to-market issue is real however, and I hope the surprises SL+HoH keep referring to prove sufficient to offset it. It January now, where is my dec agent ? If really cannot delivery to us before March, please ... Please refund to us.... No promise no update .... Lots of watch are coming.... I watch , pebble steel.. Samsung etc.... Why I need to wait for it? Also I'm in the US Selling a December agent with charger (Pledge $199), if anyone wants it message me December agent with international shipping but no charger, if anyone wants it. This user's account has been deleted. Try selling it here? You'd need to specify which pledge you made and whether you're US or not. I have picked up two others this way so far. I sent a message 4 days ago about possibly getting a refund. No answer. This and some other projects have made me hold off on some other campaigns. Not because of any wrongdoing perceived, and only partly due to delivery times. As another comment pointed to something similar. I looked at a few new projects that seemed like a good idea, but their delivery date was a few months off. Like a couple DIY 3D printers. It seemed that with fast moving technology, any unique features a kick project proposes will most likely be standard spec by bigger companies by then. And most likely improved. Future's so bright... <url>"the proof of the pudding is in the eating" -- and right now, all we've seen is a draft of the recipe. And sure, it looks really tasty; let's just hope it lives up to it. And while I personally don't mind the AGENT fellows taking all the time they need to make the best product they can, the longer it takes, the more the competition can catch up. The Toc and the steel Pebble are just the first; who knows what else we'll see between now and AGENT's eventual release? And with rising expectations every time something new is released, the longer it takes, will the AGENT still even be considered up to date by the time we get them? The time-to-market window was narrow to begin with, and it's closing fast. @Rick Wicker -- I stay very far away from anything Android, thank you very much. But do you mean to say that Qualcomm really "followed in AGENT's footsteps" even with the wireless charging feature alone? If so, by what definition? The sad fact remains that Toc is the first -- and to date, only -- smartwatch available on the market with wireless charging; AGENT will in the *best* case be the second. Or would you claim that it was actually first developed for AGENT, and that Qualcomm managed to design in the feature as a copycat afterthought in the six months between AGENT's announcement and when Toc started shipping? The only thing we know is that AGENT was the first watch to be announced with this feature, and that Toc was the second. But I'm not sure I agree that this really qualifies as "following in AGENT's footsteps"... @Jussi_Myllyluoma - You're very astute. The layman will claim the only product Agent built in 6 months is a charger. But those of us who know, truly know that Secret Labs & House of Horology's is the first and original smartwatch. All other watch companies are doing what every other watch company does, "release their products." Agent knows their innovation lies in NOT releasing products. Once you release a product, you limit its potential. Why subscribe to limits? They are true pioneers. I don't know about the app store details- but there is a good amount of active development going on. Check out the forums at: <url>rn Thanks for posting that. That is the kind of info I would expect to see on this site. So what are tissot none metal watch case backs made of? @creator - "Qualcomm followed in the footsteps of AGENT with their $350 Toq watch" Really? thanks Bjorn Here is a quote from AGENTs facebook page: __________________________________________________________________________ from receipt of final sample parts to start of production, assuming there are no last-minute tweaks required for regulatory purposes, takes an estimated 60 days. If we receive backlights by the end of January and they meet our specifications, we estimate start of production 60 days later around the end of March. The displays we're using are pretty awesome--but they're so small that there has not been a strong off-the-shelf backlight built for them yet. So we have to journey into custom-backlight territory. We are more than happy to provide estimated timelines--such as the above--and we will know the actual production start date once we have passed all pre-production milestones. We are moving aggressively towards production--and we will keep you apprised as we move towards production together. If we have not communicated timelines well to you specifically, I sincerely apologize for the lapse. Thank you very much for your support. __________________________________________________________________________ sooo it seems we have to wait for another 3-4 months - or even more... not very nice because there are some new/better watches coming up next months :-/ hey guys, i looked thru some posts quickly and updates and didn't see anything called out. am excited about this watch and am on board with not having it yet, as it seems you guys are doing everything right in trying to get the best product possible. additionally you are being transparent and communicating with us, so I'm not concerned with missed ship dates at all. but i am curious if theres a ballpark date you guys are targeting? thanks! I was thinking ziplock that way it keeps its water proofing. @Chris, I did suggest the premium Gladwrap! And what's this about nails? Will we need a claw hammer to open the bloody thing? I am outraged! :) OK, here's my guess: Sapphire crystal front PVD coated stainless steel case Premium Gladwrap back - 2 sheets :) I like the glass front and back idea. So are we looking at all aluminum for the watch and back? Or aluminum case and polycarbonate back? Give us some hints. Will the crystal be a replaceable part? Mineral crystal is reasonable at this price point, and the raised bezel should shield it somewhat, but it may still get scratched. @Roma - Pebble Steel costs $249. The recommended selling price of Agent according to the campaign is $249. Sounds like they got the pricing about right. Assuming it's metal and glass... Interesting comments here regarding steel watchcases <url> you may have read my post a bit carelessly: not watch back; watch case. Steel is out of the question as a watch back, that is a given, as it would, as you point out, efficiently shield the electromagnetic field that induces the current in the receiving coil. Hence, I do not discuss the watch back; I feel there are plenty of adequate alternatives for that purpose. On the other hand, as a _case_ material steel is potentially problematic, as it might act as receiving coil ("antenna", loosely speaking) for the electromagnetic induction, thereby reducing the efficiency in the power transmission by wasting power that just goes into heating the case. The principle is exactly the same as a stainless steel kettle on an induction stove. My point is, there may be technical workarounds to still make it practical, e.g. by introducing insulated breaks (a la the iPhone 4 steel rim) in the case, thus interrupting the single-loop "coil" that it would otherwise form, or using a less induction-friendly "premium-feel" metal. @Paul - I didn't say it was unfeasible, as that would imply difficult to do. I meant unrealistic in that it's never been mentioned and would have a cost implication compared to a polycarbonate back. Also, glass backs are usually used to show off the internals. I'm not sure the circuitry in any smart watch would look as nice as the mechanism. I haven't seen a steel watch with a plastic back, as it would be an odd pairing, although I think I've seen plastic watches with steel backs in the past, although perhaps they were all steel and plastic coated for aesthetic reasons - I'm thinking back to the 1980s when plastic was still 'premium'. My personal guess is glass front, steel case, ploycarb back. I just hope they do a better job with the back than the one on Martian as I can't imagine battleship grey plastic looking good with anything. Just hope the back (or any of it) doesn't look like this Martian watch. Overall looks decent except that plastic back - looks cheap and nasty. <url>"breaks" into the case, the same type that separates the antenna segments in the iPhone 4's steel rim, might improve performance enough to make a steel case viable. Another possibility might be looking at other metals. I don't think e.g. titanium is at all as good at receiving induction current as steel is, and if anything, Ti is an even more premium material than stainless. CST switched from stainless steel to titanium ... perhaps AGENT will, too? @Paul - I think a glass back is unrealistic and probably too expensive. I've not got a problem with a polycarbonate back, as only I'll see it. I would have a major problem with a plastic body to the watch and I couldn't see any way that could be considered 'premium', especially considering the new Pebbles. @Jussi_Myllyluoma I think the polycarbonate is due to wireless charging. There are other options for the back besides steel and polycarbonate, but these are the cheapest-uh cost effective. If the backs were made from either corning glass, mineral crystal or sapphire crystal, I am fairly certain the qi would still work while putting a level of awesomeness in the agent not seen in other smartwatches. I'm pretty certain we'll have plasti-uh polycarbonate watches. @Greg: Thanks! I backed for Pebble, Kreyos and Agent too and would love to use them with my 920 all, of course not at the same time :-) This is what I got so far: Pebble: Does not support WP officially. Kreyos: "We are able to stream email, text, and call notifications to the Kreyos Meteor smart watch as we developed our own OS that would be able to support the OS of Windows 8, as well as that of iOS and Android." Agent: "AGENT can display incoming call notifications from iPhone, Android and Windows Phones via a classic Bluetooth profile. For notifications, each phone platform (and Windows 8.1 for tablets) works differently. We've been working with platform partners on notifications because we want our wearables platform to provide best-in-class tech for notifications. For the notification types available from phones that provide a sub-optimal user experience (firehose of data, terrible battery life, frequent loss of notification streams)...we may need to enable those experiences through optional add-on apps or power tools." Wow. I haven't been here for a few months and interesting seeing a post I wrote on the Pebble forums in July referenced in the last day. I wrote Pebble Watch Lite and Pebble Watch Pro Windows Phone 8 apps for the Pebble so I am unfortunately very familiar with the limitations of WP8 right now. I think there are 3 possible ways that the Agent could provide WP8 support. 1) As mentioned below, they could get an exemption for MS and be granted access to the same incoming phone call and SMS access as Nokia. Nokia already has an app available that let's you block incoming phone calls and SMS messages from specific phone numbers and this app runs in the background. 2) The Agent could use Bluetooth profiles on the watch to receive incoming phone call info using HFP. Then they could use PBAP to look up the callers name. They could use AVRCP to control the music on the phone. Finally Nokia announced they will be bringing the MAP profile to WP. I am not sure if that is part of the Black update or not. 3) They could just provide what functions are possible now like I did with my Pebble apps and add additional features after WP8.1 is delivered. I hear they will most likely announce what those features are in April at the Build conference. That doesn't mean MS will deliver the updates right away and who knows when the wireless carriers will ship the update. I backed the Pebble, Agent and Kreyos so I very much want them all to succeed in providing a great smart watch experience for WP users. I think if anyone of the 3 will figure it out, it will be the Agent team since they have more experience with MS technologies then the Pebble and Kreyos team appear to have. Of course Nokia and MS could announce a watch any day since the same limitations don't apply to them. @Frank: I hear you on that one. The sad part is in the original campaign page, obviously still visible, there is a Windows Phone in the picture with the watch and the Q&A states that Windows Phone 8 is ready to go. But, if there's a limitation until 8.1, so be it. Microsoft are the ones that have really dropped the ball with WP8. @jeff: Do you know what really is annoying to me? That we have guess. Why does Chris not just tell us, what will be possible and what will not be possible using the Agent with WP8 (and WP8.1 if there will be something new then)? @jeff: You are probably right, but what about mails, WhatsApp messages and so on? @Frank Agreed. I personally think that Chris has call and SMS figured out. @Paul Tsai: >>In the end, at least we won't have plastic watches, unless polycarbonate is another word for plastic, which they wouldn't... lolz -- since polycarbonate IS just another type of plastic... But it's by no means certain that'll be where we end up. Since Pebble (and other devices) can handle Bluetooth with steel cases, I am sure that won't be a problem for AGENT. But on the other hand, solving the inductive charging with a metal case may require pushing the boundaries a wee bit... I suspect there are ways to solve that too, though. In the end, I feel that anything less than a PVD-coated steel case and sapphire glass would be a massive letdown. Judging from comments, I am hardly alone in that. But I'm not sure we're necessarily in for a disappointment in this regard. Now, if they suddenly announce that they'll need to change the case material to titanium, like CST did ... I'd be all fine with that! ;-) The status is in update #16 What is the status of the January Agents? Will we receive the watch this month? as i am from INDIA @jeff: Btw., it is quite possible that WP8.1 will be out before the Agent will be shipped and then it is a different story ;-) @jeff: I know about the limitations of WP8 (I'm a developer myself). However, please show me where Chris (or any other guy of Secret Labs) has stated that there will be any limitation using the Agent with WP8. You will not find such a statement (I tried to get such a statement from Chris more than once). Therefore my assumption stays, there wil be no limitation at all! I believe that hope by those in the Agent community sporting WP devices will be one of 3 things: 1) WP8.1 will expose the necessary API's for Agent, 2) Chris' Agent software has some sort of clever intercept figured out, or 3) Secret Labs was granted priveledged access to API's reserved for their partners and OEM's. @Frank There is a technical limitation in WP8 that doesn't allow sms/phone/email intercepts. This is well known by dev community. This thread has a post by a dev named Greg whom explains it pretty well. Just an OS limitation. <url>"A charger's FOD loss profile is often non-linear" yet on the qi testing pdf "linear FOD as required". Since Dec 1 they sent the charger for prelim testing. No decision on case, back, or watch face materials. There are some proposed software updates. This is great, provided you have a watch. It would only be cruel to talk about software if we were waiting for watches. In the end, at least we won't have plastic watches, unless polycarbonate is another word for plastic, which they wouldn't... @Creator Thanks for the update. Both SL and HoH are established businesses but have you no understanding of managing customer expectation.... after the kIckstarter appeal finished you promised an update twice a month yet update 15 to update 16 were a month and a half apart - Why there is no excuse. And I mean no excuse at all. After you failed to meet the December deadline you should update your backers more often not less often to keep everyone informed and happy. You promised an update Saturday night and you failed to deliver again there is no excuse for such behaviour and look how many extra comments you got after you failed to deliver, you caused those extra comments, a simple 5 minute update would have prevented them been logged. Most backers understand that delays happened and really aren't that bothered, as long as there are good reasons for the delay, what they don't like is been left in the dark, I advise a quick update weekly or fortnightly from now on, spending 5 minutes on an update will save you a lot of grief and negative comments. On a plus point your product is looking ace, just hope its not made of plastic ( another thing that is un popular with your backers) but apart from that keep up the good work . @Dino - Read between the lines. They're below threshold for eddy current testing. Assuming they tested all their case types, that's a VERY good sign the case back can be made from their top choice materials with respect to Qi charging. Given the Pebble's apparent success with its case materials and the wireless radios, I think that means we're on board for the top-choice pick for case materials. I'm sure they want to wait until they verify everything but I'm pretty excited. @Robert - Pebble is made from stainless steel and gorilla glass, I'll be happy if Agent just manages to keep up, let alone beat it. Still, the update had all that detail in about the premium materials. The killer for Agent will be software and Pebble has at least a 12 month start and 300,000 watches on wrists to interest developers. I suspect developers will run to Agent like they have to Windows Phone - the Betamax of their day Well that was worth the wait... @Paul, I agree. If they come out with as premium of a product as they claim, delays will be worth it. If it's comparable or less than the quality of Pebble Steel, no way. I think it'd be truly awesome if the watch had a sapphire crystal face and back with a steel case. If this happens, everyone would agree that the "delay was worth it" @SL+HoH, why haven't you posted a quick comment regarding the lack of a promised update? Clicking on your details page shows a login today (1/13), so what use is it to log in and not post at least a 2 sentence comment? @Paul lol here as well @Paul, what a ripper! This coming update has had a difficult gestation. I hope it's not a bastard child. @Paul your post actually made me laugh! Good one (and I mean that sincerely not derogatory)! @Matt I've only noticed a bunch of boys with their panties in a wad **** on this board. Ladies have more class. It seems like there was a delay in the update. I'm sure it was a vendor's mistake that caused this delay. Anyone complaining about SL & HoH needing better communication obviously isn't in the industry. It's just the attention to detail this project embraces, the crossing the t's and dotting the i's, if you will. Besides, we should all give these folks a break. They are wrapping up their week in Las Vegas, and everyone knows that a million bucks can be a lot to blow through, even in Vegas. See you in 6 months Quit your moaning girls, we'll get the watches soon enough , I can assume that most of the people doing the **** here have never done a Kickstarter before....Kickstarter projects are always late. If in 6 months time we still Dont have the watches then I will be on here **** away with the rest of you girls but as we are only just into the first month of the watches being late I think we should cut the guys some slack. Like I said. Lack of updates and communication will eventually turn this campaign into another pebble gate. Wow, a video for the charger! I hope there's another update on the charger again!(sarcasm implied). I try to emphasize with them but am finding it more difficult. I know in their mind they think what they are doing is more important than a simple update. I'm sure it's rationalized as each person only has $200 invested, who are they to demand an update? That's the problem with Kickstarter, no equity is lost, no progress payments and no board seats were lost. When in reality 5,685 people pooled their money together to fund their idea that most likely other traditional funding denied. Most of the negative comments, request for refunds and sarcastic comments could easily be avoided if the promised updates were adhered to. It doesn't need to be some literary masterpiece, just an update. I'm sure to some backers $200 is a lot of money and in their mind they deserve what was promised. Now $1,012,742 to most people is a lot of money and without it, this project wouldn't have received its green light and would most likely be dormant. @Jussi Ok, you're right, we actually have the right to get the watch or a refund according to the ToS as I said in my comment. Maybe it was a bit misunderstanding because I didn't mean they could change the reward now, I meant they can set the reward to whatever they want when the campaign is created so we as backer have to bear with that what they offer, regardless which value it has (We get a watch for this campaign and for other campaigns, ppl are spending also hundreds of dollars for designing an ingame item or something else so this is very different) About the update, I agree, that's not so much fun as I thought, that we maybe got our KS update also, even though it was late. I hope that it comes soon because I'm waiting for more nice bits of the agent (I also maybe planned my AGENT as feature in my apps when applicable, there are sure some nice possibilities) ...only entitles a 50% *discount, of course. Sorry. This is obviously some new and interesting definition of "late on Saturday night" that I was previously unaware of... In the meanwhile, the FB community gets an update, small though it is, while the community that actually chipped in the dosh, doesn't. Not sure I agree with the priority, there. . @Mirco -- actually, we DO have the right to get that watch only because we pledged. The project creators are obligated to deliver the specific rewards that they promised to deliver for each pledge level, or a full refund. Check the TOS. Suddenly deciding that the $149 pledge only entitles a 50% refund would probably be called a "bait and switch," and would get the creators into a deep, deep pile of legal trouble. When I read the comments here (and I'm doing that periodically since the discussions are continuing) I get the feeling that people are expecting too much. Ok, I can understand that we invested at least 149$ into something which has to be developed but the watch is only a reward for making the development possible. We have no right to get that watch only because we pledged. What if the creators said that we get an 50% discount on the watch when it's ready for our pledge? Everything is possible and the chose to give us a watch when they are ready. I also understand that the lack of updates and communication is very disappointing. I also admit that I want to see more from the watch or the general development process. One thing you all seem to forget is that Chris and the others are working. They also have their business beside the AGENT so they need to manage everything so nothing comes too short (would be bad if something happens and the creators are going bankrupt because our watches are also vanished then) Some of you are also complaining about the mass of updates on the charger side because you rather want to see the watch. Did you also probably think about the fact that there could not be much for showing the watch yet? Maybe the charger is the only part they really can show off while they are working on the watch itself. This post contains only some of my thoughts so no offense against anyone of you is planned and also no offense against the creators. Feel free to discuss my points as that's the secret of getting along. PS: Some of you also want a refund: As it was pointed out in the comments a few days ago, this is no sure right of us to request a refund but according to the ToS of KS the creators are required to deliver or refund so if the creators decide that the watch cannot get ready, then they surely will refund us otherwise it's against the ToS of KS and I think that could get uncomfortable :) @Chris and the others: Hang in there, do your work and good luck on your path so you can make us all happy when we get our watch. About the communication, I have some idea: What about of someone of us backers could get pieces of information which he/she can then post here? That would make sure that updates are posted and you have time to continue working on the watch I got this via facebook yesterday: <url>"We are driven to get your AGENT smartwatch off the assembly line and onto your wrist; we will let you know if we run into unexpected delays." This user's account has been deleted. They just posted a video on their Facebook 5 minutes ago. No update even though it was promised is extremely disappointing. Come on, Chris, quit playing games with us. Just let us know what exactly is happening. If you can't deliver the product on time, at least do us the service of telling us what's up. who knows. but he did say "this saturday" Or a charger coil. Maybe he meant next Saturday? I guess Chris will show us some watch faces in the "coming" update. @spaztastic Ha! I got approval on both but explained Pebble is less risky since they're somewhat proven. Maybe I'll start taking wagers on which watch shows first : / @Jeff Uh oh! You're wife isn't going to be too happy with you having out 400 bucks and no watch ;-) I would hope you'd be able to unload on ebay. Pebbles were easily getting sold there. I have a feeling if they go the plastic route people will revolt. I'm already not too thrilled about the faux hex heads. The lack of updates here is disappointing and I'm starting to have flashbacks. @spaztastic Thanks, but its been hard to explain to my wife why my $150 watch didn't come. It also doesn't help that I cannot give her an expected date. Whatever it is that I receive from this kickstarter, I have a feeling it won't be stainless and will not have gorilla glass. I had to hedge my bets and will have to hope the Agent receives good praise for resale on Ebay. @Jeff I wouldn't rave about Pebble's communication. Still have a bad taste in my mouth about them. I didn't get in on KS (was a bit leery) but I did pre-order right after it closed. Then they asked for payment which I forked over but would never update the paid preorders on what was going on with our watches. The ship date came and went and still nothing. I finally received mine a week after I could have walked into a Best Buy and purchased one. Good luck with getting your PS in a timely manner. It sounded like they only had a "limited" number on hand and everyone else would be in a wait queue. Oh and pebble also had info about steel that was leaked removed from reddit. I don't hold that company in very high esteem. I join with the crowd waiting for updates. Of course I would have loved to get my Agent in dec - postponing the retirement of my old trusty watch for that. But it didn't arrive and that's OK. Because as I understand - the creators are still hard at work to make it as good as possible. I can respect that - godspeed, guys, make it epic! But the way you treat your first customers - i.e. us, the backers - is beyond my grasp. In addition to being your customers we are also a massive source of potential free advertisement - if only played right - as we are already involved and interested in your product. And if you gave us more information most of us couldn't wait to tell at least some of our friends about the proceedings. And you, guys are missing the goal here. Totally. We WANT to know more about the proceedings. Also, having already paid for the watch, I'd consider us no less than entitled to regular updates. In the beginning you promised to deliver them biweekly - make it happen and presto! A good citation for this occasion would be from Admiral Beckett in Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End - "It's just good business!" Or, in this case - it isn't. I waited almost 10 months for my DarkEnergy charger( received today) , after that I could wait another 2 months for this project ....This is waiting game! I have to say, that I'm beyond patient. If you can't meet the December/January goal (yes, I understand it was estimated and KS isn't a store) then just let us know where you are in the project. What's holding up production? What sort of challenges are you facing? Has a supplier let you down? Hopefully I can say that most of us don't need the "official" marketing/PR update about what's accomplished and how beautiful the end result is. Don't get me wrong those are great and I do genuinely enjoy them, but I think this crowd prefers the technical nitty gritty details when necessary (i.e. now, especially since everyone is asking for them, specifically the materials). But I can empathize with the reluctance to say a material because then the comments blow up further about the choice made so let us know what your options are. Let us know what you are thinking. It's possible to provide more clarity here and still be vague (as the answers have been thus far with "poly-carbonate"). As pointed out by a fellow backer a few comments down (Uwe Thomas), I agree completely that now is the time to start laying out new production schedules, estimated dates, etc. If you don't have them, let us know you don't have them. Let us know what you guys are thinking. I personally would value knowing "We're still trying to figure something out" vs. silence. As I said, I'm forgiving of missed deadlines/estimated shipping. I am truthfully a little disappointed in the lack of communication from one of the companies that delivers the Netduino (a product I'm an avidly huge fan/supporter of). If not because of the Netduino and the respect I have for it/Secret Labs/Chris, I would not have backed this project. However, because of that reputation plus a watchmaker getting involved (HoH) I had no problem investing. I'm not mad I don't have a charger, I'm not mad I'm not wearing an Agent, but I am disappointed that as one of the backers/investors we seem to be fighting to gain insight into the status and day to day struggles of bringing your product to market. All in all, I'm simply asking for more information (updates) on a regular basis. They don't need to be huge developments, they just need to be something at this point. Where is the promised update? Very disappointing.... How about an update... January, February, March... come on, I've seen more updates for a lot of other projects that I have backed that were a LOT less expensive. Sunday and not surprised to not see an update. Par for the course. On the plus side, my Pebble Steel payment went through. Not only that, but I wrote Pebble about WP support and they already responded. Great communication there even after their Kickstarter is over ; ) I also can understand that the project delays. What I cannot accept is the lag in communication. There is no schedule, no new estmated shipping date, no information about the progress. As the target date passed I would like to see a weekly update with information what they did in that week and an updated schedule for the next weeks. Their computer must have crashed again and lost everything unsaved. You guys should have known a Saturday update meant Sunday- Monday. I'm guessing a late engineering night meeting(read H&B). I would also like to see a breakdown of meal expenses so we can make sure they are eating healthy. Sales and Marketing 101 Under Commit --> Over Deliver. I remember during the campaign several backers asking if SL+HoH would promise an update at a minimum of every two weeks, because they'd seen other projects having communication issues after obtaining funding. This promise was made. Unfortunately it hasn't been kept. I would like to see SL+HoH get back to sticking to that promise. Communication has gone nowhere but downhill. Also, a question, how many man hours per week are going into the Agent at this time, and could you give us an approximate breakdown of where those hours are going? Maybe they are using Mars Calendar, it's not Saturday yet. Is it Saturday yet? When the update arrives, clarification on the materials would be useful. From the lengthy response to one of my comments below, they are testing stainless steel cases which arrived in December. Clearly the back can't be stainless steel, so I've taken it that that will be polycarbonate, whilst the material for the rest is TBC, but hopefully will be metal, as anything else could be a hard sell. As I've mentioned before, Pebble has now proven glass and metal work, so the only thing different is the wireless charging, hence the plastic back. I don't know. Adamantium and Unobtanium seem so mundane and easy to get. I would expect premium material for the face to be made of the tears of crying angels, completely scratch and sin proof. Also the case's premium material would come from the heart of a neutron star Chuck Norris pointed at and came to Earth where he then punched it thin and stared at it until it molded itself into the watch casings. Shouldn't be too hard, right? oh, staturday evening. oh, staturday evening. @Garry @Richard, I fully agree. See my post to Chris Walker dated 1 Jan or 31 Dec, depending on your time zone. This user's account has been deleted. Like most people here, I'm not angry about the delay but I am furious about the complete lack if updates. Where is this Saturday update we were promised? Why can't we just get an update every week or two explaining the state of play? Especially since they are clearly struggling to meet their imposed deadline. @Richard @Jeff, I think it is best to measure delays against the original estimated delivery dates rather than when creators start their fundraising on Kickstarter, because every situation is different. For example, Omate launched their Truesmart KS campaign in August with a promised first delivery date of October and all to be delivered by Christmas. As it turns out, Omate is owned by Umeox which is an established Chinese manufacturer of smartwatches and the Truesmart was just a different version of those. Agent is being produced by newbies in the smartwatch business and the lead-up time has been a lot longer. So it's actual delivery vs promised delivery which is what counts, I believe. As we speak, Agent is about in the middle of its delivery date range. Truesmarts first started to appear in tiny quantities in November and they are now only about 5% delivered. If you want to see a train wreck playing out before your eyes, check out the Omate forum and their Kickstarter page. Back to Agent, the latest official delivery estimate I've seen here was in a recent comment by the creator - the Ist quarter of 2014. That puts it 3-4 months late which looks like at least how late Truesmart will be. The difference in experience between the two creators is vast. Just trying to put this in perspective. I am critical of the Agent creator's communication to backers, as you will see if you click on my name to see my past comments. I hope that improves. I am not critical of the attention to detail we are apparently seeing here. That is a major problem with Truesmart. For example, it was guaranteed waterproof for swimming as long as the user didn't open the backcover. The problem js that the only way to reboot the watch (and this is relatively often needed) is to remove the battery. Also, an SD card was offered as an extra-cost option installed at the factory. However, production problems didn't allow that so they just added the card in with the packages for delivery. No prizes for guessing where the battery and SD card holder is located in the watch and what you need to do to get at them! Yes, it sounds trite but "measure twice, cut once" has something going for it. Is there any update to this project? Any ETA for the delivery? This user's account has been deleted. I would just like to have an expected date for completion. This is the most expensive disappointment I have experienced so far. I am not for cutting corner. I would like to see some progress since the one million dollars was pledged. So far we have had changes to the quality (screws, band securing) and little to no communication on time frame. The campaign was created and promoted as a technology "finished", "We've created the first smartwatch that doesn't compromise, with both unparalleled battery life and powerful watch apps. With two-way communication to smartphones and amazing developer tools that you can download today. And with so much more. This is AGENT, a brand-new generation of smartwatch." There are few times I have regretted joining a Kickstarter campaign, we are 6 months into this campaign, but we are looking at a minimum of 6 months until we might receive the product. At this point I expect to have a clear road map of production time frame, a finished prototype. If there is a way to get a refund, I most certainly would. There are products coming out soon/now that appear as good as, if not better, than the campaign we invested in. I regret funding this tbh It seems that steel and Gorilla glass have enough wireless performance. What is the status of the January Agents? Will we receive them this month? @Creator - When will we know what material you decided to use? Seriously, I wouldn't respect someone who wore a plastic watch. I barely even speak to my kids anymore. Cutting corners and making a cheap looking watch seems counter-productive and against everything we have seen so far- I'm really not worried at all. I don't see any changes to specifications that indicate that anything has changed since we signed up. @ben I am wondering the same. I was really hoping for a watch I could wear to work and a plastic watch doesn't cut it. Hopefully the screws are made out of the finest hand selected titanium. Otherwise I don't want it. How funny would it be if the watch comes to us completely plastic and everyone here ends up reselling it on eBay before opening it. I'd be a little disappointed with a plastic phone, plastic is fine for phones like the Nokia but not for watches watches are jewellery and should be metal Incidentally the only reason I didn't back pebble was it was plastic and looked cheap... I for one would be disappointed if the agent was plastic, particularly as none of the videos of the prototypes ate plastic @roma - you maybe onto something. Easy. Wind-up key. Much better light hearted humor these days. I for one an supporting @spaztastic +1 for 'Unobtainium". There has been little talk about the battery cell, perhaps it can be replaced with a micro fuel cell and replace the need for a charger all together. ;-) Well that's a wrap. Over to SL+HoH now. Anything more we can do to help? This user's account has been deleted. Myself, I'm rather fond of Unobtainium. I've seen it used in a variety of engineering projects and the final product is always stellar! @Rick @Erik, I think we should compromise a tad. But do not think for one moment that we should accept just any old rare earth. Cerium is too common these days, just so five-minutes-ago. Promethium would be perfect if not for the slightly-too-warm inner glow it would give us, although battery life would be 1,000 years. I'm sure the creator (or The Creator?) will find something appropriate for the truly discriminating Agent backer. @Rick Wicker - If the case is not made from meteorite minerals and the face from impact glass then I don't know why they'd even bother to make it. I was burned on store-brand "premium" macaroni and cheese. Never again. I'm out if it isn't completely made of rare-earth materials. To Chris' request below. Yeah, and wiki says the 3rd and 4th most abundant elements in the Earth's crust are aluminium and iron. Used for tin foil and nails, right? Please don't put any of that common muck into our premium watches. Fe-r-al. :) I look at the iPhone 5c vs 5s for a prime example. The 5s is the premium version, while the 5c is a more affordable option. The 5s uses aluminum while the 5c uses polycarbonate. That being said, I understand it may have to be a combination of materials for the wireless charging. I do hope that given the Pebble Steel's use of Steel, at least those parts that could be steel in the agent will be. @Chris What do you consider a premium material. You do know the Nokia phones use a Polycarbonate material. Ok - you claim premium materials but continually mention polycarbonate, a small excerpt from wikipedia lists some of the main polycarbonate uses as: The second largest consumer of polycarbonate is the construction industry, e.g. for domelights, flat or curved glazing, and sound walls. I'd hardly call these premium. If you are not going to keep to the original spec of a premium product can you please either redesign or refund. @Creator -- Thanks for keeping us updated here every day or so lately. I think most backers know this type of endeavor never goes quite as planned and often takes longer than anticipated. I for one (in our world of instant gratification) am happy to wait for a well designed, well engineered product. *Tip to others prior to posting a comment, read through some of the "older comments" first! Hi i am from INDIA could you please tell me when i will get my watch!!! @Erik Noren Thank you! It's nice to know someone's answering questions the best they can since the @Creator is busy. @Alex - As a follow-up, I meant I was unaware of any AGENT-specific accessories. There are heart rate monitors that should work with AGENT via Bluetooth if that's what you meant. I don't know what other accessories there might be. Those are all 3rd party products with their own production dates. @Matt Boatman - They said previously the survey about watch straps as well as final shipping address would come out just before shipments are ready to send. This is because Kickstarter only lets them send 1 survey so they have to use it wisely. @Alex - I'm not aware of any extra accessories available with AGENT but I believe they will be making it possible for backers to "upgrade" to the charger level if they'd previously selected only the watch as their reward. It hasn't been said /how/ that will happen, just that it's a possibility. As for water resistance, it was said they won't know the final resistance until the final materials are chosen. They said it should be fine for showers and washing dishes but not diving and probably you might not want to take it swimming either. @John Gallagher - No word on revised ship dates. As for colors, Chris said this first version is focused on just one model. I guess they didn't want the extra risk of multiple configurations slowing down their production! There were hints that the next version could possibly see changes. @George Mack - I believe the comments from this week say there's an update coming this weekend. No, there wasn't one that I saw last weekend but there were a series of posts here in the comments that had some new information around that time. @Ethan Morta - "Stipulate" suggests the dates were firm. They weren't. They're estimated dates based on best outcome of the proposed schedule. Things have come up to add delays which have resulted in those dates needing to be pushed back. @jerry @creator it's Steven Colbert. He has a satire news program on comedy central. Just for the record. I am not him (unless you want to pretend I am for endorsement purposes). @Ethan, confusing because your first post was written in the present tense as to what they should do, not what they should have done in the past. Yes, they should have done it then. Yes, they've done it now. @Dino, I have read his comments. They waited too long to inform us, those posts should've been posted in the 'updates' before the so called December shipment. @Ethan - They have provided an update on timescales. Try reading Chris' last few posts @Jerad Heffner, your point is valid however, they shouldn't stipulate a delivery timeframe if they cannot meet it, furthermore if they couldn't meet the delivery timeframe they should inform US, the backers and not keep us in the dark on the whereabouts of our watches. IMO @George, there are several comments here from Chris in the last few weeks, the latest a few hours ago promising an update this coming Saturday. @Ovsep, style is subjective so no offense there. I think the steel Pebble is an improvement over the plastic one but the Agent is still more stylish. Your previous comment is disconcerting, comparing this project unfavourably with the "pebblegate disaster". I can't see how any reasonable person could possibly say that at this stage, unless it was tongue-in-cheek. There are quite a few comments here from people who obviously don't understand what KickStarter is. It's not a store. I'm excited that the product is in development and that the Agent team is working to get it right. If they had the big bucks like Samsung or others, then maybe product development would be faster. I, too, came back here looking for a release date, but I'm not going to lambast the development team because they didn't make their anticipated ship date. Things like this take time; give it to them. To the Agent team, keep up the good work, and thank you for keeping us informed. Welcome back, Chris. Am I missing something here, there was no update this past weekend. In my opinion if you cannot type an update then you probably cannot manage a project well either My omate smart watch was just delivered to me here in Mew Zealand! Would love to see my agent soon! Also, are there any plans for other colors of the agent smartwatch; white for example? There was a white version displayed in your promo video. @Alex you can edit your profile name to differentiate yourself if you wish. All your other details can remain the same. The change will flow through to all of your previous posts. Can anyone give me a date as to when the watch will be shipping? I'm really really psyched for it! I wanted to point out I'm not the Alex from a few days ago that was posting the kind of rude comments. Although I am the one wondering about weather extra accessories will be available or when they'll be available. Especially a Qi charger. I was also wondering how water resistant will the Agent Smartwatch be? Will it be safe to take swimming? @Creator, when will we chose strap length? Also will we be contacted asking for shipping address, I have moved since I backed. @creator.... Looking forward to the new update Saturday hope it answers the following questions as I can imagine there on everyone's mind 1 Whst material did you decide for case +screen 2 how water resistant 3 when will we get the watch Love an update on these issues ASAP please :-) Is it me or does the pebble steel look good enough to buy and not wait around for the agent to become a reality. Style wise I think it looks better than the agent. Sorry creator. No offense. Creator - the Rick avatar is some talk show host in USA, I don't really like him at all...one of the worst that why I don't know his name. "some of the surprises we have yet to reveal" Can Saturday come any quicker? $1 million soon gets eaten away these days. Kickstarter 50k, Amazon 40k, certs 50k. $870k is still a lot of money but well short of the magic mill. They've probably just been on a vacation. I myself just goofed around from Dec 17 to Jan 7 so I understand the lack of updates. Hopefully they're gonna come back to the office around these days and post something. But really, calm your nerves everyone. The holidays always mess schedules. Yeah seriously anyone know what's going on?? I haven't seen any progress on updates for a while and does anyone know if we can get a refund, I'm seriously thinking of asking for one because of the delays I agree with not feeding the trolls. That being said, it would be silly to discount the knowledge of a level-headed friend... The next update was promised by Saturday, so shouldn't be too long to wait. I'm not in the US, but from the outside, I doubt the weather there is helping, so I wouldn't be surprised if parts deliveries etc haven't been smooth this week. May be useful if anyone from the north east could comment on what the effect really has been for the rest of us. Would really appreciate if the creators would post another update. It's been quite some time since the last one. Would really appreciate if the creators would post another update. It's been quite some time since the last one. Quite a few smartwatches have been shown off at CES but none of them catch my attention like the Agent Smartwatch did. I still think the Agent will be the best smartwatch out there. Although it's similar to others the ideas and the thought that's going into the Agent is much better. Anyways after sharing that I'm still looking forward to the Agent Smartwatch more than any other my question is will there be a way to purchase accessories for the Agent smartwatch. I didn't order the one with the Qi charger because I had one but it broke and the other one is built into a speaker so I'd rather not use that one. Sorry if anything I wrote is misspelled or confusing. I'm using the unofficial kickstarter app on Windows Phone and it's not easy to view what I'm typing. @Erik_Noren I may come off as obtuse, however, my frustration is, contrary to popular belief here, due to my knowledge of this process. I am less forgiving of delays when people try to feed me a bunch of nonsense at the same time. I live and work in Manhattan, and would even pay to visit this operation just to see what is going on. With that I shall no longer comment until the next Update, whenever that may be. @spaztastic Yes my friend has operated one. He has set them up up and they are not terribly difficult to run. But that statement is relative. @Spaz - no word on the battery for the new Pebble. At $249, I'd say it needs to be replaceable. The problem with the plastic one was that it was glued together. With a metal case, I assume it's screwed, so it should be possible for a watch repairer to get in, like Agent. Not sure how available the rechargeable watch size batteries are, although hopefully Agent has thought of that @Paul - of course you're entitled to an opinion - you backed like the rest of us. Making statements about someone in manufacturing saying it should be simple aren't helpful though, unless they have experience of these sorts of components in this sort of shell. It was clear that HoH have made watch cases, but the movement was standard quartz. Agent has made the processors, but not in a case like this. But if that both knew what they were doing, they'd have got a bank loan and would be enjoying the profits by now. Communications haven't been great and doing it on here and in the forums is a bad idea - something I said in one of my first posts. The Kickstarter comments section is a terrible forum - you can't search, can't edit text or reply directly to a comment. What I'd have like to have seen is more openness and honesty about the problems up front. Tell us what is going on with the light for instance, as we still don't know what the actual problem was - supplier problem or something technical. Do not feed the troll! @Alex Creator responded to comments 6hrs ago. Was there something specific you wanted answered? As far as Pebble steel goes, I haven't seen anything stating if you can replace the battery or not. From what I gathered it sounded like the innards was the same as the Pebble which you can't replace. Anyone know? What would be nice if someone from Agent to take the time to comment on these things instead of people just speculating and confusing people even more with miss-communication. Take the time and talk to the people that gave you the money agent. @Paul Tsai - What I mean is, if you make a claim and then hand-wave away any evidence to the contrary as being not as good as you think it could be or not valuable to you individually, you're going to see people stop trying to help you out and answer your questions or help you get your concerns addressed. @Paul Tsai - I'm confused - are these changes not good because you think they could be better? Seems like they were surprises to me. And re: the mobile charger, I thought the 1A was after losses - that was the power delivered to the device. Maybe I misread. The numbers for the ambient light sensor is in the forums. It seems they use a split - announcements and high-level stuff here that appeals to the widest audience, technical details on the forum. (<url>" Some delays are understandable, but waiting 5 months for a back light to arrive only to find that they need to re-do it is unacceptable in my opinion. It either shows incompetence or inexperience." I take it you've never worked with outside manufacturing vendors before? I wouldn't think there's that many vendors as well. As far as a CNC machine goes... has your friend operated one? You don't just plug it and away you go. @Erik_Noren RE Surprises. Depending on USB version USB power can go up to 2.0 amps. the 1 amp max is misinformation, e.g older usb port. It's not difficult to negotiate different amps for chargers. A better decision would have been to make it 2.0 amps because it would have charged the watch faster and been easier with better payout than trying to optimize a qi coil which is only approx 80% efficient at best. By definition, induction chargers are used for convenience not efficiency. Also, w/2.0 amps you can charge a tablet in a reasonable amount of time. I do not consider a watch strap an "upgrade" since it's interchangeable and people have different tastes. From the photos, it's the same strap as HoH Re: windows 8, again this is all software. It seems to me that the programmers have been working very hard because most of their advances have been on this end. I am also fairly certain that other smart watches will work with windows 8. So is it a surprise or the status quo? Re: drastic power reduction of light sensor, they do not post numbers. So this reduction could have been fixing an initially poor design or using different/more cost effective parts (i.e. an incidental effect vs desired goal). So until I see metrics, I am unimpressed. @Paul, apparently the three negatives I pointed out about the Omate project aren't ALL of them. But of those three, the two I would find infuriating would be the inability to charge my new toy and not being able to get it fixed. Yes, we do only have Agents word about their approach and time will be the judge, not me. Re expressing opinions, what Erik said. Further though, I side with your earlier comments about communication. There have been some improvements but I would like to see more structured and frequent Updates and I have said that before. I said the minute a project on Kickstarter becomes late, the creator has a much stronger obligation to communicate with their backers who paid their money and rolled the dice. @Paul Tsai - (Sorry - just noticed this one) "Now IF there are "surprise features" then this is the first time I've heard about them." The charger was originally going to be 500ma. Apparently no other USB-powered Qi charger could go above that. One of the surprise features was the announcement the AGENT charger is now 1A capable (when plugged into a USB charger with sufficient power and the smarts to tell the difference) - enough to use as a phone charger in reasonable time. (Update #11) The watch straps got a couple upgrades that I can think of - dual material, extended length and also quick-change capability, none of which changed the ability to use standard 22mm straps with the watch if you prefer something else. I believe there were some upgrades of the watch already announced as well. Update 13 talks about drastic power reduction of the ambient light sensor. There's been hints the accelerometer *might* get unofficial compass support depending on the magnetic attractor in the Qi coil. Over on the forums, Chris might have just dropped a hint that suggests we might see Windows 8 support because of its use on tablets. (<url>#entry1683) I could be reading too much into it though! I expect announcements on surprises will always come after it's clear the upgrade works and does not compromise the quality or integrity of AGENT. I suspect surprises related to the watch have been slower than things like the straps and charger purely because it is a more complicated device. @Erik_Noren - There may be multiple certs they are going for, but full wireless transmit and receive are about 5K. Qi has a membership fee, 15-20K per year but I think Agent could get free membership cause they are small, then they pay for the tests. Either way you cut it, it's hard to have cert fees affect cost significantly. @Roma It's fascinating how you are so quick to point out ALL the negatives of Omate yet are bent on only seeing the positive from Agent. Laurent Le Pen clearly explained how others could think that "pre-orders" were being shipped and it's simply not the case. Yes there could be variances in quality, for Omate and Agent. We only have Agent's "word" that they actually are "measuring twice" but we also got their word that they were wrapping things up in Oct for Production. You be the judge. @Paul Tsai - That quote for cert doesn't sound right but remember they appear to be testing a couple different configurations to see how the materials work with the wireless radios. It's probably a per-configuration charge. Also don't forget the Qi certs too - I'm sure those must be quite expensive for both device and charger profiles. @Paul Tsai - Of course you're allowed to express your opinion but there's a difference between "I am disappointed the backlight is talking so long to get sorted - can you explain what's being done to expedite this?" versus "My friend says they must be amateurs, I mean it's basically a repackage of another product already." Being frustrated is fine but there's no reason to be dismissive, rude or antagonistic. If that wasn't your intention, I apologize. It's hard to really get a sense of someone's context when all we have is text. @Paul, thanks. The Omate project is an interesting comparison. They are rushing to production at the rate of 3,000 units per run and are fulfilling preorders before Kickstarter backers. Also, there are many reports of faults and lack of support. One problem seems to be the cradle which apparently was a last-minute solution to their charging problem and which commenced production within two weeks of being an idea in someone's head. Their credo seems to be 'get em out the door'. I expect 'measure twice, cut once' to produce a much higher quality product in Agent. I hope I'm right! @Erik_Noren FCC certs run a 1K to 5K each. They are not a major factor in costs. @Dino, If you look at NetDuino and HoH and think, these guys have a lot of experience churning out products, I disagree. HoH rebranded a Quartz Seiko movement and to date they have 1 watch. NetDuino has made a couple of boards. While both are fine achievements and show some level of manufacturing experience, it's still vastly different from making a smart watch. It's clear that both of these companies are out of their elements a bit, which is fine. Some delays are understandable, but waiting 5 months for a back light to arrive only to find that they need to re-do it is unacceptable in my opinion. It either shows incompetence or inexperience. Then again, I'm apparently not allowed to express my opinion. @Roma You got me, I mixed up the word updates, comments, and posts. My ultimate point is still valid, the backers have not been properly updated with the status of this project. If you feel comments are sufficient for an update, you and I differ. @Erik_Noren I apologize, the Agent does have more processing power and RAM and runs Android. The reason I am getting the Agent is for the SDK and not the Pebble. I also backed the Omate project because it can handle more intensive applications compared with the Agent. So, yes I do care about the internals or would have gone with Pebble. If you note, I am OK with the delays with the Omate project because they are understandable and they have truly made concessions in order to get to production. @Dino - Don't forget about the cost of certifications! @Paul, re your latest comment, @Erik has dealt with the second part of it. Re the first part, I actually did read your penultimate comment and you're now selectively quoting it and misquoting the prior one. As I demonstrated, your friend's best "maybe" is not applicable. Further, in your antepenultimate comment you referred to Posts, not Updates, and the creator had posted 9 comments since. So my own comment was correct. If you want to play, please play fair. @Paul - Did you want a watch with a mic and camera? If so, why did you back Agent? The Gadget Show in the UK did a test yesterday of the Galaxy Gear watch versus, I think, Passport. Watching them try and make calls between the watches in a silent room was ridiculous and the quality was similar to tin cans and string. They avoided mentioning things like battery life as well, which was probably for the best. Pebble has sold 300,000 watches by keeping it simple. Apple has stayed out as it can't create an elegant user interface. On a spec sheet at least, Agent has kept it simple but with higher spec parts than Pebble, so should at worst be similar. As ever, the implementation of the software will be more important than anything else. PS This manufacturing friend who said how easy it was - did he have any insight in to how to get a computer, display, QI charter and Bluetooth into a case the size of a watch? Any ideas on how to get Bluetooth to work through metal and glass? Or was he just guessing that it didn't sound hard? If it's that easy, there's a simple way he can earn a million, minus the Kickstarter charges, plus the cost of all the parts, plus wages, plus expenses obviously. @Paul Tsai: "The agent is essentially a pebble with a .NET sdk w/qi thrown into a HoH watch case. No camera, no mic, etc." So you have no idea or interest in the internals at all, I guess. The two watches have vastly different internal architectures and potential for software capabilities. It's rather insulting to see someone even compare the two like they're on equal ground. @Chris - I'm glad you're confident in Agent. My reason for backing was I wanted a smart watch with a smartwatch capability. Of all the watches available, the new Pebble with the leather strap is the closet to what I wanted - but you're right, it does look a bit familiar ;-) I think Pebble has really pushed the bar in terms of functionality as well, especially with the new 2.0 firmware. If you can keep up with that, I'll be delighted. I've mentioned before, but for those who haven't had a snartwatch yet, you don't know what you're missing. I've worn mine everyday since September and when I haven't got it on (first thing on a weekend say) I feel a bit lost, mainly as my phone's always on silent. I'm really looking forward to getting Agent, especially with the comments about surprises... It's easy to be the armchair quarterback. From many people's perspective, more information is better because then you know where everything is and where it's going. But think it through - if you tell everyone you're going to do X and then find out it would be better (for whatever reason - cost, fit, time, etc.) to do Y, how do you handle it when not 100% of the people are cool with that? What do you do when people become outraged because you've "promised" to do X but now that's changed? Now instead of people being upset they aren't being told what's happening every step of the way, you've got people upset because what they might have thought was decided a week or a month ago is changing and they might not appreciate that. Which situation is easier to keep the most people happy? Well controlled information releases on things that are known and locked seem the best way to me. It means less communication but it's less churn, less confusion and less opportunity for individuals to demand changes and start petitions and call for change of leadership. (I've seen it happen in other KS campaigns.) The bottom line is people are always going to think it'd be better to do something differently. But it's not our campaign to run. We've just signed up to help them reach their goals under the promise to be the first people to receive the end result before it goes on retail sale. @Roma If you read my post, it says "the best reason my friend could come up with was that they were amateurs." Simply put with 1 million cash, there are very few road blocks, you can pretty much buy your way out of things and still make money. In terms of communication, Click on Updates and let me know when the last update occurred. RE: the last post by creator below. The pebble is a imitation of the Agent? Omate's is in production and has shipped units. HOT Watch is in production and ships end of Jan. The last two launched after Agent and are AHEAD of Agent in production. Both watches have more features then the Agent. The agent is essentially a pebble with a .NET sdk w/qi thrown into a HoH watch case. No camera, no mic, etc. Now IF there are "surprise features" then this is the first time I've heard about them. I agree with alex "The proof of the pudding is in the eating," as the saying goes. And right now, to extend the metaphor, what we've seen of the latest draft of the recipe looks proper tasty  but that's *all* we've seen so far. Let's just hope it ends up tasting as good as we're being led to expect, premium case materials and all. And for my own part, I certainly don't mind the makers taking a month or three  or five or eight, for that matter  extra to get it just right, as long as they keep telling us what they're doing in the meanwhile. But then again, I don't need to worry about the rapidly narrowing time-to-market window At some point very soon, Apple *will* announce their own product, and as usual, that will change the whole playing field. The fact is you can innovate all you want but you need to bring the product to market. I have no problem waiting but the communication needs to increase significantly, The only reason i found out that this project was delayed was by exploring in the developers forum. So again it think everyone would grateful for and deserves more clear and contestant updates.... With over a million in our money i don't think taking a couple minutes every week is to much to ask Hey Secret Labs + House of Horology, I was watching the engadget overview of the new Pebble Steel. While I think it is way overpriced and wouldn't be a good fit for me as it's probably not waterproof, I was very intrigued by the integration of key services that they are teaming up with (pandora, mercedes, yelp etc.). I personally believe the agent will be worth the wait...I just wanted to hear some of your thoughts and was also very curious if you guys have already started teaming up with any companies that could boost the agent's productivity or if you will be doing so? Thanks again -Vlad For all these people complaining about not being delivered by December, clearly they haven't backed projects that have been delayed before. I backed Ouya here which originally had a production start of December if I recall. I didn't get my unit til the end of May with production beginning in March. I'll gladly wait a bit longer for what I believe will be a quality product. If it goes beyond March-April with no production then I believe it is reasonable to get impatient. Being a Windows Phone user I'm not in any hurry anyway since WP doesn't have a notification API, so interfacing with the Agent will be limited anyway. Hopefully if 8.1 comes out in March-April like it is supposed to, and includes the APIs with the supposed notification center it will be getting things may just coincide beautifully. That's a very good point, you'd think that HoH with all of their 'experience' in making watches, would have shined when it came to the part of physical watch body (IE: mold, cast, backlight). Interesting article about the design process for the Pebble Steel and some of the issues faced with the steel and glass. I suspect Agent will have been facing similar issues. A six month project to create a smaller, lighter watch and get it to production with the issues caused by a premium body is quite impressive. Can't post the link from my phone for some reason, but it's on CNet and the title is Pebble Steel declassified. @Paul, sorry, I meant to add this. You said "if communication improved, I must have missed it since the last post was December 1st". I count nine posts from them since that date. Just scroll down below and you won't miss them again. You might need to click on "Show older comments" a few times. Some of those posts are quite detailed and provide new/updated information. @Paul, Secret Labs make and sell Netduino (see <url>"a cnc mill machine is only like 30k and they could make all the cases they want." After a couple moments of expressing concerns about what they did with the funds the best he could come up with was maybe they are amateurs and this their first product. @Roma if communication improved, I must have missed it since the last post was December 1st. Pebble steel just raised the bar, standard glass lens or plastic materials just won't cut it anymore. Hopefully agent meets the challenge. Hoping for an update soon @Creator. If anyone would like to buy a watch only December Agent reward, I am selling. I just ordered my Pebble steel. I'm just not digging this crowd funding thing. Sorry guys. Just seen another video of the new Pebbles. It mentioned that the stainless case is injection moulded - didn't realise that was how you formed stainless steel. The bottom is forged. Also, there's a thin black band above the case and below the screen which is plastic/rubber to allow the BT signal out/in. All looking technically possible then. No-one has been promised delivery of anything by any given date. Anyone who construes "estimated delivery" as "committed delivery" merely proves their own lack in command of the English language. I have backed projects that have been delivered years, not weeks, late  but were still delivered. The average difference between estimated and actual delivery dates has been somewhere in the range of 6-8 months. This is how Kickstarter works. If you don't understand that, or can't accept it, *don't pledge*. Simple as that. Also, read the TOS before you start talking about class action or lawsuits. The project owners are not in breach of any contract, and hence there are no grounds for legal action. . The Pebble thing is interesting, in view of the ongoing concerns about case materials ... PVD black machined stainless steel case with Gorilla Glass lens...? Something for the Agent fellows to live up to, I would say. The time-to-market window for being the first to bring a truly premium smart watch to the market is closing fast, the comment about "feature watches" notwithstanding... @Paul Tsai I agreed that the communication is sorely lacking. I doubt it will really improve. I don't have infinite patience but I do have realistic expectations. Not for one second did I think this was going to be done by the estimated delivery. I've worked on tons of engineering projects from startups to private companies to the government. None were immune from project slippage. Some were over due by only a few weeks and a few bucks but one in particular was years over due and billions over in cost. Now if we're having this conversation 8 months from now I'd probably be complaining too. Oh and as far as getting a refund there's a big difference between a vendor issuing a refund to your card and amex refunding it. So its January, still no watch, no update in over a month and no clear delivery date... and it sounds like stuff they said they were working on months ago and had finished are now not done... Could whoever runs this please give an easy to read explanation of what in the world is going on.. Until now i was led to believe everything was on track @Dave, they actually did say that some Agents would be delivered in December, as per the pledges on the right hand side here. The KS mob defines "delivery" as receipt by backers. @Paul, if you do want a watch and not a refund then it would be helpful if you stopped talking about lawsuits and leave it to people who actually want refunds to pursue that course. Why would you fight their battles? Regarding communication, it may not have met your expectations - and it hasn't met mine - but to say it has been an absolute failure is just hyperbole. Wouldn't you agree that the communication has improved recently and encourage it to continue? @Brent, if you really want to get your money back, why not try selling it here, as others have done? Help yourself. @Dino @Christopher, yes, the Pebble thing is interesting. If they can do it, Agent can. @spaztastic why is the onus on the back to have indefinite patience? If you are happy with updates that are a rehash of the update before, we have different standards on what constitutes communication. I know of no job that would be like, with a timeline being pushed from December to March is going to be like, Oh, that's fine, here's a cookie, you at least told us what you haven't done yet. @Dave_VanderWekke You assume the only reason I'm holding SL & HoH accountable is that I "do not understand" or "have never" when you have no clue what my background is. SL & HoH's original estimates was about as accurate as asking a 15 year old when they'll do their homework, in 5 minutes. There was an absolutely lack of communication that things were so delayed. In Oct/Nov posts were stating "final trimester, just about to get ready for production." Now it's January and it's weeks + 60 days before production. Regardless of the process, their communication is an absolute failure. I have little use for reading about SDKs or fitness apps when the watch is no where in sight. I get upset when a quarter of a post is spent talking about "measuring twice." I guess that's what we're paying for, middle school level wood shop teacher adages. @spaztastic I've gotten my money back from vendors 4 months after the charge. In any case, my goal is not to get a refund, it's to get the watch. Just seen the stainless Pebble with a leather strap and it looks good. It's clearly the cheap stainless strap that ruins it. Agent may just have got a competitor Obviously many of you have never developed a marketable product and don't understand delays happen especially when dealing with other parties. If you read the original estimated timeline you would see that Volume Production was "Estimated" to start in December. This never said you would be wearing your watch in December. Estimated Timeline: May-June 2013: Kickstarter campaign June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode October 2013 - FCC, CE, and Qi certification November 2013 - parts arrive, pilot production begins December 2013 - volume production begins @Chris - although that Pebble looks like a very cheap digital watch, the technology is interesting - stainless steel and Gorilla glass. Obviously Agent would need a non-metal back, but the rest should be possible. Got to say the new Pebble apps look like a big improvement too and have solved some of the current issues eg recalling notifications. Looking forward to getting the update on my (plastic) Pebble I agree, post some pictures of the process, even if it's blurry, faded, filled with components do an Instagram so the hope of receiving a watch still goes on... @Paul - good look with the lawsuit and in future stick to Amazon, you'll be much better protected. @Paul Tsai On a side note, while Amex is pretty good about issuing refunds you must do it within sixty days of the charge going on your card. The credit cards laws here are ahem not in a consumers favor. @Paul Tsai The best test case for a class action suit would have been Pebble and I don't recall hearing one getting started. Perhaps kickstarter should have a questionnaire that a backer would have to answer prior to backing a project. Wrong answers, you can't back. I'd guess pretty much everyone on here complaining the watch isn't ready has no manufacturing experience. Project plans are always best laid plans and they are not set in stone. Several issues can crop up. No amount of advance planning can remove that. Sure you can mitigate some of the effects but it still happens. I have no idea how many backlight vendors there are out there but no company develops something for *free* in the off chance the primary vendor falls through. There are also plenty of vendors who depending on the size of the project would say we're not going to bother you're too small. People think a million bucks is a lot of money, but it's pretty easy to burn through. Even large companies have setbacks. Remember Apple's white iphone? The saying the last 10% takes 90% of the time has merit. My only complaint with what's been going on is lack of communication. The last "update" ahem comment from Chris was spot on and what I and others would like to see in an update. I don't blame them for not giving us a fixed date. They'd surely miss it. Well Pebbles announcement today answered some questions- gorilla glass, steel case, 5atm, all while keeping the current range, so those things are possible....... This escalated quickly. @spaztastic It is the first week of January, but projected best case scenario for the timeline is March. For me, if I wanted my money back, I'd call to Amex. Secondly, a class action lawsuit could definitely be taken by a lawyer. Individually, it would be a small claim and anyone would have a good shot at going at it without a lawyer. Third, as per terms of use, there is no stipulation of what an "acceptable" delay would be, that would be up for interpretation by the courts. As I stated earlier, I am NOT advocating lawsuits at this time, but to say that people cannot and should not get refunds is preposterous. We were sold a service/promise to deliver a good with an expected date of December/January. If there was no intention/possibility to deliver by December why was it named December Agents? This can be construed as misleading and hurts SL & HoH's claim of good faith. In terms of getting our money back, SL & HoH are both LLC so the owners are offered a level of protection. BUT the LLC's do have assets and that would definitely be up for grabs if it came down to a lawsuit. In summary, get the watches made and then everyone will be happy. Give us a date that we can expect our watches and all this may go away. Treat your supporters with respect on an individual basis. If someone wants a refund, they should granted a refund because SL & HoH FAILED to live up to their part of the deal. Plain and simple. I was just waiting for someone to bring up lawsuit threats. Per terms of use: -The Estimated Delivery Date listed on each reward is not a promise to fulfill by that date, but is merely an estimate of when the Project Creator hopes to fulfill by. -Project Creators agree to make a good faith attempt to fulfill each reward by its Estimated Delivery Date. -Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backers request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. -Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. -Project Creators may cancel or refund a Backers pledge at any time and for any reason, and if they do so, are not required to fulfill the reward. A basic of contract law is understanding what the exact contract is for. Yes there is a contract between you and the creator. You're funding a project and in return they offer you a reward. Notice I didn't say a good. You didn't pre-purchase a good. Now Kickstarter states the creator has to refund any backer whose reward they cannot or do not fulfill. How exactly are they to go about doing that? They claim to not be a business but just a service. They just added that to try and appease people like you. There is no precedent it would stand up in court. Kickstarter/Amazon takes their money off the top so no project would be able to refund all monies even if they changed their mind the next day. Notice they also didn't put any type of timeframe on it. I wish you luck finding a lawyer who would take your case. This whole thread topic is preposterous. The estimated date was Dec. We're not even through the first week of Jan. @Dino & @Brent_Roberts The basics of contract law need to be taken into consideration. We paid for a product to be delivered and an estimated date of delivery was given to us. Delays can occur, but in the end, a product needs to be delivered in a reasonable amount of time. Any court will easily find that when someone pledges to something called "December agents" w/an estimated delivery date of 12/2013 and March '14 rolls around, either the party offering the contract was dealing in bad faith or something went awry. It is not that fault of the accepting party for the delay; the offering party failed to deliver. Any court would award a refund. I welcome anyone to try to tell a judge that "an estimated delivery date" is different from a delivery date. If it came down to a lawsuit, both netduino and house of horology would be decimated. I am not saying we should go this route, but anyone stating that SL & HoH is standing on firm legal ground is gravely mistaken. @creator I strongly suggest that in your next update you own up to the delays to this point. Quit sugar coating this stuff. It is not only the fault of the manufacturer, but it is also your fault for misjudging these timelines and not working with multiple vendors at the same time to ensure timely delivery. Post true milestones about what has actually been achieved to this point. These need to be specific and measurable. Quit talking about what you are going to. Tell us specifically what you have done to this point and when they were done. Then manage our expectations of when we should see our watches. In my opinion, you are still within the grace period for delivery, but that window is closing quickly. Well the "premium" smart watch choices are heating up- Pebbles version- <url>s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. @dino so by that logic they could hold funds for years and constantly claim excuses for delays etc and never deliver. Sry but I don't buy it. Other projects I've backed have had the decency to issue me a refund given that the "plan" to deliver a product has far exceeded their original estimate. I understand it's an estimate not set in stone and I do understand that delays can occur especially when you project 500 of a product but now have to deliver 30,000. However this is why proper planning needed to be handled up front w adjusted production and shipping times based off the amount ordered. Few Kickstarter projects do this because they try to amass as much capital as possible (honestly would you back a product if they said up front "an increase to "x" dollar amount will delay delivery for "x" amount of months"? Not many people would. Also if there are issues with the production of the units then this is something that should have been dealt with up front as well. It's bad to say an estimate is December yet nothing happens for another 8 months past that which is a slight exaggeration in this case but I highly doubt that product will be shipping to clients until sometime after June (which will mark 1 year since this project was fully funded). Backers fund projects and they enter into an agreement with the creators of the project and when that falls through considerably, then a refund isn't out of the question. @Brent - there's no mechanism for a refund, unless the project fails to deliver. This is late, which is standard on Kickstarter, but isn't grounds for a refund. Remember, you didn't buy anything. @project creator: I guess we're late for the December backers (seeing as I am one, and its January). Any update on delivery? I understand the process could become riddled w delays however my confidence in this product has become shaken for numerous reasons. I have already sent multiple msgs regarding a possible refund however none of them have been answered. So, we need to wait a couple more weeks for the back light and "IF" everything goes well, then pre-production watches will be made. Then 60 days need to pass for the certs and IF everything goes well, they will begin production. I'm seeing at least 90 days before production, best case scenario. I am pretty sure this is the exact update that we had Dec 1st. Hey, it's the holidays we all need a break, but what exactly has changed? Oh. Hope you will. So the December watches are coming around 2014 march @Chris - Thanks for the update. Great info and, I think, the sort of thing we're all looking for. As I've said before, this is a terrible forum for posting on, so more detailed things like that (and some pics - geeks love pics) on your forum or website may be better, then just post a link to it here. Again, thanks for answering the many questions and I'm still hopeful you're going to provide what I want - a smart watch which is also a smartwatch, rather than something which is a great smartwatch but which you need to apologise for in formal settings. That last post by Chris made me happier than the last 3 "official" updates combined. @Chris, that is the kind of information backers love to hear, we love to know the problems, challenges and hurdles that go along with bringing a product to market. Now if you could just post some pics of the different prototype watches or anything related to the watch that would be the icing on the cake. @Chris, that's great information. Thank you. Fellow backers, at the risk of skating on thin ice, I will share with you that one of the key suppliers with whom Chris is dealing with is a highly reputable US-based company with decades of leading edge technological development behind them. This is yet another snippet of information which underpins my conviction that the quality of the Agent smartwatches we'll be strapping on our wrists will be of the very highest standard available. Sorry, meant @Roma Completely agree with you, @. I do believe Chris' intentions are good. If any 2 people would be able to deliver something extraordinary and different, it would be him and Lawrence. That last comment was full of info. We're getting there ; ) Groovy man! Thanks Chris!! Rock on! Thank you very much for the information Chris! Could you please post some photographs of something related to the watch? It can be anything like a mountain of components, the office, some documents or whatever. (Just some cameraphone pictures, nothing special) I'd love to see something from Secret Labs and how you are working on the Agent Watch :) Thank you! Hey gang. I ordered a Dec Agent. I have not gotten it yet. ETA? thanks man! @jeff, thanks. I backed Pebble and could not believe how poor that process and communication was. Also there were many misleading and downright untruthful statements made by them. The day mine turned up, I ebayed it unopened. I went looking around for something else and came across Agent. If you want to drill into my comments, you will see I was very skeptical about this early on. Also I PM'd Chris Walker a couple of times then I checked Secret Labs out. In the end, I went ahead. Since then, and more recently, I have been concerned about the lack of updates, especially when it was clear the first delivery date would not be met. In my opinion, once a KS project gets to that point (as almost all do) the creator has a stronger duty to backers to keep us informed. Just before and after my detailed post to Chris, I had a couple of PM exchanges. I won't go into details here but I proposed a specific update schedule and milestone reporting process. He hasnt agreed (yet) and he does have reservations. I understand that to some extent but I still maintain my position. I was glad he posted the detailed comment here recently and I believe we deserve something more regular. Importantly, there has never been any doubt in my mind about Chris' good intentions and he has production cred that very few other creators of similar products on KS seem to have. I've said to Chris all I want to say at this stage and it's up to him to decide how to improve his communication to backers. I see a lot of value in private conversations and I suggest that any backer who has concerns should PM Chris and engage him in the way I did. It may well make a difference. I want a very high quality smartwatch and I am convinced I'll get one ... sooner or later. Once this was funded, it went from idea with estimates to a projects. Projects fo not adhere to estimates, they adhere to plans. This is why proper project management is so important...not just to this project, but any project. Its apparent to those with project management backgrounds (pmp, pmo, etc..) that there are issues here. Not just because of missed timelines, but lack of communication and transparency. I think we can all see that Chris was only willing to describe the dilema only to backer Roma, while other pleas were glossed over for over a month. Even still, its apparent not all will be happy. As acceptable as some see it that Chris remains quiet, it's just as acceptable that those who losing faith cast doubts. This will happen when peoples expectations are not managed. Not managing expectations, either by misinformation or silence, will result in distrust. This is what we're seeing and we will continue to see. Again, this doesn't mean Chris is a bad guy...we just don't know. We have to presume he is working hard to catch up on whatever he is doing. That's a lot of funding to burn through, so we have to hope he's managing that accordingly. The schedule is an estimate- estimates are not exact by definition. Anyone who has been in any kind of project should understood this. The estimates didn't build in enough extra time to account for 3rd party issues- it's a common issue and not an easy one to solve(since they don't control them). Since it is very unlikely this is a scam (no inconsistencies in the story, created api and message boards)- I'm not worried. I'm also 100% sure that the creators feel terrible about missing their deadline. If I were involved, I wouldn't feel like providing more estimates which only have the ability to piss people off. Also, each status report slows down the team- I hate providing them any more than weekly myself- especially if I didn't have anything of note to report. The big problem Pebble had was lack of communication and meaningless communication when it came. Due to how popular that campaign became, they had a lot of 'buyers' who were going to be unhappy the first hour it was late, but they did nothing to appease the baskets either. Agent has problems with its backlight - this sort of thing was bound to happen. They've always said they want to share the development with us, so share. When the first units arrive and they don't work as they want, tell the backers and explain what the problem is - not bright enough, too power hungry etc. For all they know, one of us could be the world's leading expert on led backlights. Even if not, tell us what the problem is, what is begin done to resolve it and what the timescales are. If they'd raised funding through more traditional sources, they'd be spending a lot more time and effort explaining themselves. There will be some backers on here who won't be happy regardless, but I, and I suspect most, would be interested to hear the problems and what is being done to fix them. And the update should have a lot more than just info about chargers and answers that are more fitting to a politician Something tells me this campaign will end up being a bigger disaster than pebblegate. Be really nice to get an update from them... @Paul Tsai - I'd guess they would only pursue one vendor at a time because the back light is custom designed. There's probably a high cost (relative to per-unit cost once design is set) involved with having a vendor spin up on a custom design, make verification samples, test, tweak, and repeat as necessary. Time isn't the only thing they have to budget. What point do delays become unreasonable? That's a highly subjective question. From the outset I expected 1 year from end of funding until delivery because I've seen my other backing projects and I knew there's always some delay. Is a 6 month delay from the projected estimate reasonable? In my case it would be. Would I be happy it had 100% delay? Not really but I'm not going to complain because I had already set myself up for that expectation. Others might see it differently. Is the 3rd party back light situation reasonable justification for delay? How far does that reasonableness extend? Does the 6 month original estimate affect what you'd expect (meaning if you are waiting 6 months, is a 1 month delay not so bad because it's a small addition or is it unacceptable because the timeline was already 6 months)? As for the false dichotomy of soon but limited or delayed and better, the project owners never said it was one or the other - that's been 100% driven by backer comments. The project owners are doing what they think is right for their product they're creating. As they should. Design by committee tends to result in a lot of compromises and/or feature creep. Look back at the early comments to see what I mean. (Can the watch straps hold more batteries? A camera? Can we add a microphone and speakers while serving as a dive watch too?) I don't consider my comments to be coddling. I consider them interventions to keep a few wound up people from sending themselves into frenzy from feeding off each other. Pump the brakes. Take a step back and look at what's happening to put it all in perspective. For the record, I still want my watch. I do not thing people should demand refunds en masse. I could honestly care less if they invested the funds. I just want the watch. Since the watch is delayed, just give us the news straight not these excuses. I do not think SL & HoH should be coddled. They messed up, either with the planning or execution and we have the right to call them out for it. A lot of people are willing to accept a delayed product because that is the "norm." I think that is rubbish. There are a couple keys to success in life. When you say you're going to do something, do it. When a hiccup develops, take ownership of it instead of passing the blame. Also, learn to manage people's expectations. We are lead to a faulty dilemma with these updates. Our choices are not limited to receiving a shoddy product on time or received a superior product heavily delayed. What assurances do we have that these delays are going to produce a superior product? We should be able to receive what SL & HoH promised us when we funded them. Reasonable delays can be expected. The question is, at what point do delays become unreasonable? We are now PAST their delivery date and they have yet to complete the first trimester. That is more than a 65% delay. It's great that people here are able to nit pick details of my simple conjecture about the funds, yet are absolutely blind to anything stated in an update. How about asking, What exactly was wrong with the back lights. Why are you guys only working with one vendor at a time. Why not get samples from multiple companies and pick the most competent one? Why have you not decided on the case material at a point when you should already have begun delivery of the product. I think that a project that is delivered on schedule anywhere, by anyone, is the exception more than the rule. Especially when budget and scope are fixed. We rarely see the "project" part of products we consume (certain US healthcare web technology notwithstanding), we just see the announcement of a new product that is either finished, or close enough to finished that further substantial delays are unlikely. Most backers on Kickstarter don't seem to realize this and think they should be guaranteed a finished product on time or their money back. I know it's been said before, but if that's what you want, then Kickstarter isn't where you should be doing your shopping. I backed a board game project. Estimated delivery was Nov 2013. I should be getting it sometime this month (they were just sent to Amazon for fulfillment in the US and non-US shipments via USPS). No electronics. No cutting edge designs. No software, firmware, radios, or dependency on 3rd party component suppliers. I backed a plastic extrusion pen which was also estimated to ship in November. I got it at the end of December. Electronics, motors, heating elements, etc. Not too bad of a delay especially with all that, right? It appears to be suffering a high failure rate. Some are broken out of the box, others are breaking down quickly. I backed a comic book at a high tier to get access to an existing music catalog. Estimated delivery was again for November. 2 of the editions are out but the printed books haven't been completed. Even getting access to the music was late and that was already set up - backers just needed access codes. (They went a bit further and set up a site with links to all the rewards you qualify for at your level. Was pretty cool, actually.) Those projects were $20, $75 and $100 respectively, not a single one was on time. This is what you're in for when you're backing the creation of something new rather than buying a finished product. Happy New Year to all and I can't wait to get the finished product. It really is a shame that people expect so much. Do you want a crap product filled with negative issues? I would like to believe that the team working on the backer rewards took some time off over the holiday season and spent it with their families. I also assume that all you out there looking for your product right now live in the perfect world and have everything handed to you on a silver platter. Chris and team, take your time, update us when there is something to say and for those of you who invested early, sit back and relax...good things come to those who wait!! @Paul "@Robert_Holbert Would you be happy with your 401K if you made 2.5% a year? This means that in 28.8 years, your money would double. If you are, then more power to you." No I would not, BUT my 401K also is not guaranteed. Over 6 months it could jump up, but it could also crash. When you're talking guaranteed returns in today's market, you just don't get numbers like that. Based on what you're saying, they're investing our money at the "best return for a 6 month or 1 year commitment", you're looking at a much smaller return. But you know this. Would you be happy if you had $1,012,742 of other people's money, invested it for 6 months, and lost 10%? Vs a 401k, yes you could lose 10% in 6 months (talk to people who lost everything in 2008/2009), but over the long term (not 6 months), you'll likely gain close to that each year (based on historical data). The Creator last log-in was today 3 January, but chose not to provide an update? Thanks... @Paul Tsai, your conspiracy theory is rubbish, as flawed as comparing a 6-12 month investment timeline with that of a 39-40 year retirement fund. You do not know what you're talking about. Pebble announced yesterday about something at CES on Monday. They're due to release updated software and an app store, but their tag line was about kicking off CES in style and the image looked more metallic than the back of my Pebble. Agent could continue to see its market opportunity diminish if it doesn't get something out soon with new competitors appearing all the time. Pebble is currently everything I'd want from a smartwatch other than the design. If they come out with a premium version, plus a single app store, only one of the big players will be able to complete. My main concern now about Agent is the software development. Most of the good things for Pebble have come from the community. Agent's community is much smaller and they're not going to be selling it in Best Buy anytime soon. If you were a developer making a 99c app, which one would you develop for? I read the other day that NASA projects, on average, take 65% longer than originally estimated. NASA has some of the best project management in the world. For all we know Apple and Google planned to release a smart watch in December too and their projects are also being delayed by supplier difficulties. I assume that Chris's original schedule was based on the best information available to him at the time. It appears that some of the potential risks associated with working with suppliers have caused delays. I'm sure that NASA and Apple and Google's projects also experience delays - they just don't have a thousand armchair project managers obsessing over delivery dates and developing conspiracy theories about what they really did with the money. @Robert_Holbert Would you be happy with your 401K if you made 2.5% a year? This means that in 28.8 years, your money would double. If you are, then more power to you. June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode. @Roma - I am not accusing SL & HoH because "they are not moving as fast as I think they should." I am doing it because they are not moving as fast as they told us they were capable of moving. Let's get this straight, we have flown by their deadline and even if they get their ducks in a row, there's an additional 2 month delay added to it, and that's just so they can start production. You can have the highest opinion of Chris, but results speak for themselves. I basing my opinions on what Chris has told us and what he has delivered. @Paul Tsai Beating a dead horse aren't ya? Here's a more plausible scenario for your conspiracy theory. Perhaps they took the money and used it to pay for expenses in their own companies? That seems way more plausible than trying to score a few grand on a fund. Have you ever worked with suppliers? It's very similar to kickstarter. Oh sure we can meet all of your specs, under budget, and on time. At least one of the three is pretty much never met. I've been on many projects that never came in by initial deadline. I would have been shocked if they started shipping in Dec. I expect to see mine 2nd quarter. On a side note... it would be interesting to see a report from Kickstarter showing all closed projects and their estimated delivery vs actual delivery dates. I would think tech would by far be lagging the most behind. @Paul Tsai, that is an unwarranted and outrageous thing to say. If Robert Holbert isn't an expert in investing, I myself do have qualifications and significant practical experience in the finance industry. Robert is correct. You made a similar comment back in November and were shot down in flames then. Chris Walker would be a cowboy and complete fool to do that and I don't believe he is either. He strikes me as being intelligent, moderate, honest and having an attention to detail you don't see much these days. You have every right to express your opinion on the project but I don't believe you have a right, or any reason, to accuse SL + HoH of hanging around and trying to make money by not moving as quickly as you believe they should. Compare and contrast this KS project with Rock (suspended) and Omate Truesmart (where the peasants are revolting as we speak). Agent's biggest risk is they are being too exacting and could run out of time before the big guns come out with their smartwatches. Even if this happens, I'd dearly like SL + HoH to bring out Agent Two and I'd be first in line. Please stop impugning the motives of Chris Walker and his team. DISCLAIMER: Those numbers I have are all just my personal estimates, and I'm not an expert in the industry, but even with a 10X Margin of error, the point is still made. SL + HoH will make more from having a production item than they'd make simply investing our money. @Paul I HIGHLY doubt they'd do something like that. First off, a hedge fund won't give a guaranteed return, second, the best guaranteed return on 6 months to 1 year is so small (MAYBE 25K over 1 year if they're lucky on $1mm, likely closer to 10k over 1 year), they'd be stupid to do something like that. Yes, the market performed very well the latter half of 2013, but that's not a guarantee. Now, the reason that I highly doubt that, most of the cost for a product like this is in R&D, once they have a full tested, qualified device, they can make HUGE profits. Look at the early bird special, $129 for a watch with a $249 MSRP. Let's say they actually sell them for $199, R&D is maybe 40% of the cost, so actual cost for marketing, manufacturing, and distribution of the watch is ~$80. That means to match the 12.5K over 6 months they'd make with a hedge fund, they'd need to sell only 105 watches over 6 months. They sold over 5,000 on here in a much shorter time frame, to people who knew they'd have to wait 6+ months for delivery. They'll easily do another $1 million, probably closer to $5-10 million their first 6 months of sales. That's 50-500 times the profit they'd make from a hedge fund. I just don't get where people get these ideas.... My guess is that SL & HoH received their funds in July/August. Then they shopped around to find a hedge fund for their best return on a 6 month or 1 year commitment. If it is 6 months, we should hear some "break through" in February meaning we'll get the watches End of Q2. If it's 1 year, we will hear delays until July/August when they are able to access their funds again. Delivery time End of Year 2014. Agent gets small mention here - timely as it's for wireless charging. <url>"Plan B" But - as a Pebble owner - I see similar issues unfolding with the Agent. Now, I also backed Omate - as a "Plan C"... Pebble made it. Late, with issues ... Agent is lagging behind and Omate seems to be a fraud... It seems that Kickstarter in general is something that would need stricter rules of communication. I would like to see a "who owns whom" chart, a prominent timeline that has to be updated weekly (or bi-weekly) and mandatory project update schedule. Chris, Thanks for your response to Roma - useful info. When you say 60 days, is that total or 60 working days? Sorry to be picky, but obvious major difference and don't want anyone to get mixed up either way. At the end of that period, you can start production - do the pre-production units start at the end of the 60 day period or during it? Basically, when would you expect to complete the first backer watch, using the 60 day timeline, with the risks relating to the backlight? How long do you anticipate production of all backer watches will take? Are there any other key risks to delivery associated with suppliers etc? Obviously test approval is a risk, so more the supply ones. Have you resolved the materials for the watch and screen yet? I assume the back can't be metal due to the qi charger, but what about the rest of it? If the screen isn't going to be glass, what will it be and how hard is it, say on a mohs scale or similar to give an idea of scratch resistance. Appreciate there's a lot of questions and this isn't the best medium for answering them so happy for a response to be on the forum or in the update. Chris, I'd like to ask you something publicly. Would you consider sharing your key milestones and estimated dates with us? I have backed a few crowdfunding campaigns (as Roma + one other name) and they have at least two things in common. First, they were/are all late. Second, as they become late the tempo and heat of backers' backlash intensifies. Nearly always, there is a common thread running through the complaints: a perceived lack of communication. I am considering writing to Kickstarter suggesting they require creators to provide a list of key milestones and dates within two weeks of projects becoming overdue and then every two weeks thereafter until all units have been delivered. Anyway, back to Agent. I have great faith in your ability and commitment to deliver a top quality product to your backers here. However, I believe your communication has been scant and it feels like we are having to draw out information from you. That makes people start to question your ability to deliver and then backers start to get edgy. I'm sure creators must think that whatever information they give out, some backers won't be happy and that would be true. However, I believe the majority would remain on-side and would help stem any rising tide of discontent. I would hate to see the negative feedback you're starting to get here develop into something worse. So, again, I ask you to consider sharing key milestones and dates with us here and then update them as events unfold. Of course, there will be changes along the way and regular updates on those changes would be great. You're setting a standard for a quality product and if you adopt this suggestion I think you'd be setting a standard for quality engagement with your backers. What do you think? This user's account has been deleted. @creator.. No materials for the case or watch face, nor timeline? Mid-cycle to what, certifications, or production? Why in the world are you guys still considering making your own charger? Why don't you pull the cord on that aspect of the project and just focus on the watch? We can buy our own Qi charger, or you could refund that portion of the amount using PayPal. I've read many updates on the charger but not many on the actual WATCH people backed. I hate to say it but this protect has lost my interest. i understand with holidays, there would be a delay - but an update would be nice. Especially since i was supposed to receive the watch in December. Weird there is no response from the company - you would think they would want to keep the backers in the loop - even if the project is delayed a few months. Last day of December... I have no watch... Update??? Some news or update would be nice right about now Secret Labs is not an OEM, nor could've earned the position of a Microsoft trusted partner. OEM...I need not explain, and trusted partners are those developers or manufacturers who could provide a mutual benefit...hence partner. So hopefully 8.1 will provide the api's. Truth is neither of us will know. This project puts the Secret in Secret Labs. Update om shipping would be nice? January is still go? Or will it be march? Hi Jeff, As I mentioned on that thread, the necessary notification APIs are available already to trusted partners and OEMs. There's no reason to have to wait for 8.1 to arrive, I'm sure that the Secret Labs team are already in one of those positions. Looking forward to a New Years Eve update on progress, can't wait to see my Agent in the next couple of months. My guess is we'll see the Agent after Windows Phone 8.1. This unresponded to forum thread and lack of a video showing the watch communicating with a phone would point to that. I bet the timeline would be provided once 8.1 is announced. forums.agentwatches.com/index.php?/topic/215-sorry-again-on-wp8-support/ I understand that it's hard to send it on time but an update with what's happening would be nice because we are already on the last days of December Wireless charging through a steel case seems a bit strange to me. But there are more wonders in this world. Before next december. When are you going to send the december Agent? Stainless steel isn't a metal that is very easy to cast. I would therefore assume that such cases would have to be machined  no molds, in other words. So let us just hope that the molds that have been referred to were all for the charger, and/or internal plastic parts... Roma- ya the anticipation will kill me. Hopefully it's not like the black widow dance where she kills her mate in the end.....It is kind of fun hypothesizing what is happening and what the final outcome will be. Christopher, if it makes you feel better, think of it as an "exotic dance" :) Chris Walker's comments below again indicate a quality approach to everything he's doing: measure-twice-cut-once. I think it will pay off in droves and it augurs well for an enduring product. I hope he keeps these short mini-updates coming. Will- Thank you for the explanation, I was also thinking the charging cases would need molds also. Now that you mention it, some of the parts we use at work are cast or forged(cast being less desirable and breaks easily) Either way, molds usually have a 30 day lead time along with tweaks and quality control. We can ponder all we want about what's going on in the background and what the timeline is going to be. We won't have a good idea till the molds are ordered and everything finalized on when we will receive our pledges. R&D can take awhile to finalize......then we still have App Store submissions, FCC, Qi certs, production, packaging, etc etc.... I'm guessing this is a little bit like the I+case (aluminium iPhone case). All the bits look great separately and work as such, the watch looks great put together but it doesn't do the sum of the parts in so far as there's em signal problems. If this is the case and there's signal issues and/or charging problems and that's why a non metal case is being looked at then I wish people would just be honest and keep the stakeholders in the loop and informed rather than the huge delays between updates on an overdue project. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year Chris. Nice to see the project moving along. I think I thinner case will lay well with the design. Let's drink, be merry and leave the AGENT team to progress making a quality product On a side note about molds.....A mold doesn't have to mean plastic. A watch case is a fairly intricate design, inside and out. That being said, a watch case can be cast, forged, or MIM(metal injection molded), and then finished on a CNC machine. Using a CNC for the entire shape of the case is time consuming and expensive. Also a CNC machine almost always leaves tooling marks which require further labor to remove. While I don't have any inside information, let's please not assume the case is plastic until we hear an official word. Oh. Would've love to wear Agent by this time when I backed the December tier, but I trust Chris, SL + HoH are doing everything they can to get us the best product as possible. Happy Christmas, everyone! Has been a long time since the last update and I'd love to hear what's going on. Please stop the hush up about the delivery schedule. Give us the information we want, I hate to swim in turby water :P Merry Christmas to you all! One last thing, if you go by the timeline provide- Estimated Timeline May-June 2013: Kickstarter campaign June-September 2013 - Order parts for backer rewards and watchcase molds; build production circuit boards; finish support for Bluetooth Low Energy mode October 2013 - FCC, CE, and Qi certification November 2013 - parts arrive, pilot production begins December 2013 - volume production begins We're still at the second phase and haven't completed it yet. I'm moving my estimated delivery guess to mid 2nd quarter 2014. I'm wondering how they will handle the user replaceable battery if they go with a PVC case? With a metal one I was assuming a screw on back. With PVC I'm guessing it will be screws with some sort of gasket to maintain water resistance? Maybe glue? I also seen on the Agent forum Chris replied to a question about an update, "We generally post an update on the Kickstarter "updates" page once or twice a month, or as soon as we have a few things to share. I'll post small updates on the "comments" page in the meantime." This user's account has been deleted. Christopher, I want exactly what you want out of Agent. My expectations of getting it are high, yours are low. I hope for both our sakes that you're wrong :) Pebble was a cheap looking piece of shit when it first came out and the support was appalling. Omate looks like it's the same. I hope Agent breaks the pattern. Meanwhile I await my VEA Buddy - typically quirkily French! Roma I'm hoping my predictions are wrong but figured I'd set my expectations low and be happy if I get more. I started thinking from a business stand point, if you save $10 per case for plastic, $5 per lens ect ect it all adds up. What bothers me the most about these watches(most smartwatches) is the reliance on developers. Everything seems to focus on them. Why can't there be a watch with everything included? Once again I'm sure it's about money, develop a watch App Store make more money. Keep the revenue flowing. All I want is a nice smart watch with premium features and not scratch easily. I'd don't expect it to cost $100 either, I'd pay premium money for such a thing. All I really want it to do is notify me of incoming text, phone calls, emails and have a golf app. It's nice to sit in meetings or be with friends and not have to pull out my watch to see what email or text I got. Since I got my pebble my phone hasn't made noise since. My phone will last a whole golf game now that I don't have to keep the phone screen on. We'll see if Agent fills that void of being a premium watch or digresses to cheap plastic. We need an UPDATE!!! What is going on with the shipment?!?! Why would they advertise "DECEMBER AGENTS" if they arent going to ship it then?! @Christopher Burnett, you paint a dim picture. Re the watchcase materials, maybe molds are needed either way? I don't know, but Chris did say on 18 December here <url>"testing multiple materials, both polycarbonate and metal". So, you're predicting Agents with plastic cases and plastic lenses glued together and shipping by the end of May 2014? Let's see how you go. I'll make only one prediction: that Agent will be a much, much higher quality product than Pebble. Speaking of which, Pebble was discounted to $95 online recently - $20 less than most Kickstarter backers paid and $55 less than RRP. and by better than Pebble, I meant both appearance and durability (scratching etc). I'll chime in too. I'm guessing plastic has already been decided since they were talking about molds. If the cases were metal wouldn't they be cnc'd? I backed this because of the "premium" sell points. I wanted something the looked business wearable and not a toy. I already own a Pebble and Metawatch(which is metal with glass lens and works fine). The Pebble does everything I want, golf app, readable screen, it's just missing lost link lost which I hear is coming soon. The Metawatch looks great but I don't like the screen and lack of watch faces. When I backed this I was anticipating this would fill the gaps on what my other two watches were missing. I liked the hex watch band attachment(another sign it's going to be plastic when they got rid of that) and the style of the watch case. The lack of updates bothers me some, I wish they would just come out and say what they already know. I got 2 apology updates this week from projects that were running late, I was happy they owned up to their delays. Here's how I see this going- 1. Next update- testing materials, some crap about Qi again, merry Christmas. 2. Next one- plastic it is...some RF disturbance in the force, testing lenses 3. Next one(January)- plastic lens it is 4. Next one(February)- molds are done, FCC testing started 5. Next one (March)- production almost started, molds needed tweaking, glue problems 6. Next one (April)- quality control testing, getting ready to turn on switch for production 7. May Update- will be shipping by end of month. @Alex, ditto. The HoH linkup is a main reason that I backed this one, a decent quality watch, and certainly better than Pebble. I've got to jump in and say I'm with the rest of the people who are pushing for a metal case. This is the first watch (smart or otherwise) that I've "bought" in a while, and I'm really hoping for a relatively durable, high-quality product. A plastic case does not, in any way, convey quality in my opinion; I will be immensely disappointed if the end product is made with one. Thanks, and Happy Holidays everyone! Would love for just one Kickstarter I have been involved in to turn up at my door just as advertised. Christmas update would be a great time to set all agent backers at ease, would be fantastic news if the watches are metal....please be metal. Seriously, plastic case? That is no no way "premium". Just by the fact that there are still test ongoing for signal and charging smells very fishy to me. I don't think I'm alone in saying that if this is going to be plastic I'm going to be very sad. I wish Chris, Lawrence, their team and the backers here all the very best for Christmas and the New Year. While I'm sure there is no explicit promise of a metal case anywhere in this project, it is nevertheless true that the whole team-up with House of Hororlogy and their aesthetic  they're heavily (exclusively actually) into PVD coated stainless steel, you see (which, BTW, is EXTREMELY scratch resistant)  and all the talk about no compromises and trendsetting design ... certainly made at least me by implication assume that PVD coated stainless steel was the natural choice for case material. Now, one might of course say that this assumption was mine alone, and in no way the project owner's responsibility  but at the same time, I don't think a plastic case was ever mentioned, either, and judging from the other comments here, it would seem that I may not have been entirely alone in making such an assumption. Also, if I am not quite mistaken, the prototype shown is coated metal, not plastic. There is an implication of material choice there, too: anodised aluminium certainly looks a lot more like PVD coated steel than plastic... This user's account has been deleted. So does anyone know when this is gonna ship? I'm really looking forward to mine but I'm also a little worried with the setbacks. Can anyone give me a little more info? I don't mind waiting longer for the device if it means that it's gonna be better built, but I like to stay informed:) @Ben I'm also running a Pebble. Initially with iOS it was pretty flaky. I swapped to Android about a week before they fixed the iOS issues, but the Pebble is pretty much everything I want from a smartwatch. I'm not on 2.0 yet but the last firmware update significantly improved battery life. The only other thing I'd want from a smartwatch is style. The Pebble looks different and several people have noticed it, but I'd prefer something which people think is a high end conventional watch, which then had the smartwatch features as an extra. I still hope that's what Agent is or they've lost their USP As I wrote last May, in addition to the standard black powder coated finish (bound to eventually suffer from scratches especially on the edges of the casing), it would be nice to also have an option for plain brushed metal finish and brushed metal wristband. Due to my overwhelming curiosity and sheer excitement, I recently ran over to BestBuy and bought a Pebble watch, I then manually forced an upgrade to SDK 2.0, and I must say I am pretty happy with it so far. It has everything that I was looking forward to in the Agent. Things like weather and step counting is standard on any watch these days, I have a "link lost" feature and I use a really nifty tool called Pebble Locker to put a lock screen on my phone in case I walk away. The only thing I think I'm missing here is the QI charging but I have to say charging my Pebble isn't that terrible being that I only have to do so every other week. I hope Agent realizes that their window of opportunity is very small here. I understand that there are delays that are out of their control but I hope that they are utilizing their time appropriately. If the watch looks nice and performs as described, I will be happy. It looks like the delivery date isn't going to be that far in the future- and I would much rather have a good product that slips past it's release date instead of a poor one delivered in an effort to meet some estimated date. The Agent team wants to get this out ASAP as well. Every day of delay lets their competitors catch up more. I see no promises of metal cases anywhere. As long as we get some good reasons for the decisions made- I can't see much point in complaining about it. Polycarbonate is plastic. Fancier plastic than your run-off-the-mill PVC or polystyrene, granted, but still plastic. With both a Kickstarter and MSRP cost that is double that of the Pebble; I'm expecting the Agent to be a next generation premium watch. That includes a metal case and Gorilla or Sapphire glass. Obviously, I am also hoping the software will be superior, addressing a number of the Pebble weaknesses. If the case ends up being plastic (that includes polycarbonate), not only will backers be very disappointed but there is no way they will be able to sell it at a MSRP of $300. I really hope that will not be the case as I have been looking forward to this watch for a long time and I know we likely have 3 more months of waiting. The wait will only be worth it if it truly is the premium watch that we are expecting, not another plastic smartwatch. From the original project page: The watches in the video are the latest prototype watches, with cases precision-milled out of aluminum and powder coated black. We are evaluating several premium case materials for production watches and will select the final material based on beauty and wireless performance. I would say plastic isn't premium. Polycarbonate, well we'd have to wait and see. But I was expecting metal. This user's account has been deleted. If the agent is plastic.. I will be pissed. Obviously many people here wanting to know when. Shows there is still a great deal of excitement for this project. I don't quite get the apologists though. This project blew through its goals very early, so there was no question of if within the first week of the funding period. Thankfully it did well, as I see no way they would have ever got this out the door with a $100K infusion. Quality is worth waiting for most of the time, but the communication could be better. Given the state of the FCC certification, etc. That comment about the Government shutdown was a complete red herring . Agreed if people give you a refund its out of the good gracious not out of any requirement. these projects are no different then stocks or investments. Looking forward to the finished product. still hoping for a metal case. Got a Pebble yesterday since it was at $90 best buy but still waiting for the Agent, hope I get it before February. Wayne, I wasn't commenting on your point about refunds. Re updates, Chris explained the situation in Update #15. What he didn't do there was say how long the delay might be. I find that a little frustrating, but that's just me. He did put a timing on it in his forum <url>"30 days to get case molds" remark from the forum would also heavily suggest that it's going to be a plastic case ... still hoping for the opposite though. Omate had a tier estimated for October delivery but judging by the comments it hasn't even started FCC testing for US deliveries. It's not quite a good comparison when the projects have different goals and targets. Original estimates were Dec / Jan so not too bad. Also they are estimates not concrete. I am just hoping for a metal case and not plastic. When will this watch ship. It seams like it has been forever! Omate has already started shipping. Still no agent. Very disappointing. @Andrew - No mic and speaker. Does the AGENT watch have a mic so I can answer a call and talk into the watch? It seems like this would be an easy thing to do over Bluetooth, and it is the one thing the Pebble doesn't do. @Creator Hi Chris, This might be a superfluous question but I would like to know if there are any risks associated with Agent's rechargeable battery (overheating, ) and, if this is the case, what are the steps taken to mitigate them. Thank you and keep up the great(!) work, Andy @Creator Hi Chris, I would like to know if the built-in magnetometer will be accessible through the API. The availability of a magnetometer would unlock a whole group of apps (pedestrian navigation, geocaching, ) for which a compass functionality would be need. Thank you, Andy My best guess is late March at this point. That's if we have no more major weather disruptions. @Creator, any chance of you incorporating standard e-mail and SMS replies from the watch without needing to pull out the phone like the Qualcom Toq? Also the Toq's Mirasol display looks like a real nice piece of tech, maybe we can see it on Agent 2? Hope the testing is going well. I must say I'm a bit disappointed it is being delayed, but based on the updates I am expecting to see a well designed piece of technology when it ships. And the Rock has been suspended. Glad I didn't jump on. Will be happy to get The Agent. Sigh. I had this feeling in my gut that this wouldn't ship on time. Even took the time to ask the creator whether he thought it would and I still fell for it. No surprises here. 100% track record on backed projects shipping late. Why do I even bother. @Roma- I'm sure 1000 a week will take some time. They'll have to run trial production, quality control and eventually hit 1000. It will take time to ramp up to 1000 a week. @Giovani- forgot about Windows support, I got no idea how long their app approval runs. @Christopher Burnett you forgot Windows Phone apps, how long did it take for Instagram to appear? like four years? @Christopher Burnett, Update #2 talked about assembly at the rate of 1,000 units per week. @Creator, Chris thanks for that information. Good to see timing update. Agent will be well worth the wait! This user's account has been deleted. So let's break it down- Receive production samples of cases, at least one revision usually two if you're meticulous-min 2 weeks maybe 4 Commission molds-30 days then run samples again for quality control 30-45 days Production of cases- depending on number of molds and number of cases per mold- 2-4 weeks Assembly- 100 a day? 50 days give or take My guess beginning of Q2 2014 During all of the above FCC testing will take place, lenses made, straps made and ios and android apps submitted hopefully. Yea, thanks @Minning Xiang...and @creator! I will be quiet till q2 @Michael Lau - I think it's too early to discuss shipping options now. @Minning Xiang - Thanks for reposting this. I may have to add $15 for international shipping if this does ship in the New Year. How would I do that? New from forum ------------------------------------------- Hi Moaske, We're working with our backlight manufacturer right now to get that final piece of the design buttoned down. Once we receive those, we can finalize the watch case molds and then do FCC/Qi/CE/IC certifications. It takes about 30 days to get case molds and about a week to pass FCC tests. We're hoping to receive production-ready backlights by the end of the month. We'll keep pushing. Like other tech in AGENT these are either very new tech or very custom. BTW, the original estimate was December 2013 for the first batches of backers. Without all the custom pieces in place, we won't be able to get watch cases or do FCC before the end of this month, so we are currently tracking for production in Q1 2014 (based on the above). As soon as we have production samples, we should have a good handle on a specific production date. We are really eager to get a watch onto your wrist. :) Thank you for your support! Chris Wow so many gullible people in this world It's also a scam(the Rock Watch), was through the comments, I'm really disappointed Kickstarter has left it up. It's called the Rock but looks more like the Brick on your wrist This user's account has been deleted. @Tim agreed. Excited about project, accept delays/issues and look forward to news. Am confident watch will be good and enjoying the updates. Potential delay disappointing but really not that big a deal. This site is a lot of drama over a wristwatch. The $150 you paid is a fraction of what any other quality watch would cost. Note that HoH's other watches made with an inexpensive Seiko quartz movement cost nearly $500. Some people act like they bought @creator's soul for $149. For whatever reason he doesn't want to discuss schedule right now. Go do something else and quit obsessing. @Minning Xiang - Thank you for the reply. Yes I know they dodge these questions that I have been asking for month. However I hope that they will realize this is not the right way to manage expectation and will change. @jeff - Seems you and I have some similar experiences. I am a PM and very familiar with large scale projects and delivering them on time or run the risk of LD's. I do hope that @creator opens up and shares more. They seem so talkie, talkie about SDK, watch straps, face glass, etc. @agent - please be direct and open with us, as without us your 5,685 backers and the 1,012,742 USD we pledged, where would AGENT be? Going by your comment on power coils delayed by a month, and assuming FCC certification and then production each take a month it looks like delivery would be around March 2014. Please provide an updated delivery estimate and clear up speculation. Thanks. This user's account has been deleted. Nothing wrong with the delays guys. As soon as you have it, could you share an updated timeframe? This does't have to be anything final. There's nothing wrong with delays. There's something very wrong with keeping your backers in the dark. Be honest, and people will understand, but you're burning a lot of goodwill by deliberately dancing around the issues. I have been involved in major projects for years now. Most, if not all, were multi million dollar projects. Each project requires a plan, project managers to keep everyone to the plan, and project status meetings to report back changes and adjustments. Technical aspects are left to leads/architects. PM's typically use the leads to keep them honest and hold them to their build commitments. Seeing how @creator has focused entirely on technical aspects, I got to hope they have some sort of PM running the project behind the scenes. I've seen @creator not give dates intentionally for 2 months now..leaving his backers in the dark. @harley asked very specific questions, and those were dodged. I have a feeling @creator will have 5,000 asking the same questions when those questionnaires are put off. @creator...do yourself a huge favor and open up. It will get ugly before it gets better. I've seen this story play out in the corporate world many times. Only difference here is you're dealing with other people's money. $1,000,000 worth of it. I want this to succeed and do believe you can and will pull it off, but you're close to a lot more people losing faith. Message me if you want some sound professional advice...I can contribute more than money. Chris, would you answer some questions please: 1. At some point I assume you will give us your revised delivery schedule. Is that point when you receive the backlights? The custom cases? ... ? 2. As per Update #2 do you still intend to limit production to 1,000 watches per week? 3. Will you promise to give absolute priority to delivering to all your Kickstarter backers ahead of anyone else (except for media/promotional purposes)? 4. Does your planning include gearing up to efficiently process the inevitable delivery and support enquiries when delivery commences? @Secret Labs. On your kickstarter page you mention a replaceable battery. Will it be possible to replace the battery by myself? @Secret Labs. What about the companion app? When will it be ready? Any project has a schedule. They are not sure? I prefer to believe that they are sure but don't want to share with us. That's better than "they are not sure". @Bill - They said they will post updates every two weeks but we have update almost once a month. They said they will post a update last Wednesday but we didn't see it until Saturday. Many many similar examples. That's because they aren't sure and don't want to lie to you. @Harley - The Agent team always ignore questions about dates. From the very beginning to now. @Agent -I have read over update 15 and all your others, what is missing is calendar dates. It seems you intentionally leave them out and cause frustration for myself and other backers. While the rest of your updates are very helpful the miss one critical piece of information. Lets start with 2 very basic and immediate dates: 1 - Targets date to submit Qi, FCC, IC and CE certifications. 2 - Target dates to have al certification complete. Please note I used the word target, I know things can change but please share your development schedule with us backers. I am sure of the 5,685 people I am not the only one wanting this information. Thank you. This video is posted on 12th June. <url>"I understand you currently try to put alot into each update with pictures, proofing, etc. I'd suggest more weekly updates for those who want to hear more often, then major updates every few weeks recapping the last few weeks with pictures, major news, etc, like you're doing now." This would in my opinion be the way to go! I think most backers are just so invested in this great project that any updates from the team will be very appreciated. /Esben @SL+HoH I have to say, committing to an update by Wednesday night, and now missing that deadline by more than 24 hours for something as simple as an update is very disappointing. It makes me wonder how many other commitments you'll make and then miss. This seems like many other projects where the creator is very active while seeking funding, then disappears once our money is delivered. I had such high hopes since you committed to being active on Kickstarter. We all understand you are busy with development, but the difference in a Kickstarter campaign and a simple pre-order is we are pledging to be part of the journey, which means active responses and regular (I believe your commitment was no less than every two weeks) updates. I understand you currently try to put alot into each update with pictures, proofing, etc. I'd suggest more weekly updates for those who want to hear more often, then major updates every few weeks recapping the last few weeks with pictures, major news, etc, like you're doing now. Happy April Fool's Day. Oh no, November Fool's Day. Happy Thanksgiving! Happy Thanksgiving! Where is the promised wednesday night update? They said awhile ago that they will have an option for folks to get chargers that did not originally pledge one. Since there have not been that many updates I am afraid that the watches will not meet their December deadline. Am I correct in thinking that? will we be able to add on a charger if we didn't pledge for one? Thinking of selling mine. $199 (watch & charger) + $15 international shipping. openeighteight at gmail dot com. Replace the eighteight with 88 :) Waiting for today's update. @Agent -- Please provide us with an update that provides an accurate and detailed description of where things are in the project cycle . It should include when you anticipate being able to start sending out rewards. Thanks. Another watch selling for myself. Who else want it with charger for December shipping, let me know! Cheers! When are we getting the survey? December is a week away. @Claudio Ibarra - Shipping address? Survey has not been sent out! Have ever submitted your shipping to Agent team? I'm sorry about the timing, but I've moved! What is the best way to update my shipping address? @Minning Xiang: got your email and everything no worries =) Remind me again @ survey thank you very much Well, I just bought John's Agent so that makes three for me now! Chris does that give me enough cred to ask you to post Update 15 pretty soon? :) Same as Heartnet, anyone interested in another watch? Change of heart. I pledged at the $149 level. unimatrixzero at yahoo. Just replace the letter o with a number 0. @LuCas Thanks for sharing! @ Robert Best info we have right now is from the forums.... Posted 14 November 2013 - 05:38 AM Hey Chucky, Right now the custom wireless charging coils and backlights are a bit delayed coming in from suppliers, so we have to wait a bit longer before we can prep for FCC certification and CE directive testing. We should have a better feel on production next week, but we won't know when we can start production for sure until we have all the custom parts here, verify that they meet core requirements, and have gone through about a weeks' worth of FCC tests. This is a huge project compared to many other wearables and we're moving very aggressively--but there are schedule risks and challenges. BTW, thanks for dropping by. Good to see you in the forums! Chris Any updates coming soon? I seem to recall someone asking (and getting a promise) for updates at a minimum every 2 weeks. It's now been almost 3 weeks since the last update. If there's not enough for a full update, maybe at least a quick comment to let us know the status of FCC approval etc. Hi, Has the confirmation on the strap colors and/or lengths been sent out yet? @Ali and other backers, there is a new thread on the Agent Forum about accessorising our Agent watches <url>"estimated delivery Dec 2013". I realise it says "estimated", but if delays are confirmed, I'd expect these estimated delivery times to be adjusted accordingly. I'm reading a lot of people talking about delays. I don't mind delays but have they actually been confirmed? Did I miss an update? This user's account has been deleted. i'd also love to see some footage of the UI and some apps that were available in the forum.:) In the next update, Is it possible to get a demo video of the watch in operation? @Heartnet - Please email me, <email> Who is interested in getting this watch with a charger during december please let me know. I want to sell mine off thanks @Ovsep I'm curious as to what you do since you clearly have no understanding of small scale product development. There are several external sources that the company has no control over. Project deadlines slip ALL THE TIME. And I'm not just talking about Kickstarter.... I'm talking in the "real" world. Look @ the US Govt 200 million and they couldn't even get a website to work right by the deadline. @Ovsep, you could have added the 3 months yourself. Nice Valentine's day gift? Anyway, once your 13yr old loses interest in his other Xmas gifts he will be happy to focus on the slightly later Agent Watch. Say, why don't you give him, as a Xmas day gift, the instructions to set up a development environment and use the simulator starting at Xmas, then he'll be 'ready' when the watch arrives. This user's account has been deleted. @Ovsep, we are trying to send YOU an important message. People are writing to you in capitals because you backed a P R O J E C T. Perhaps you could involve your nephew in this project and explain to him that even when he wants his ice cream sunday NOW NOW NOW sometimes the ice cream runs out and you have to buy some more. I am also still wondering why you would need to explain to a 13 year old that a surprise he doesn't know he is getting has been delayed. @Jeroen, I never promised it to my 13yr old nephew. It was going to be a surprise. He is in a science magnet program and loves technology as you can imagine. Losing 1 backer won't kill the project I'm sure. But it might send a very important message. Don't give unrealistic delivery dates..... Just curious when we could possibly except results on what the lens material will be and if there's anything preliminary you can tell us in regards to sapphire. Things looking good? Not so good? Will we have the opportunity to purchase your wireless charger after the fact? How does it differ from the LG WCP-300? Thanks! @Ovsep Just to agree with the others: don't think you're getting the idea of funding a kickstarter project. Never should have promised something like that to a 13 year old, because you were never sure that you could live up to the promise. This user's account has been deleted. @Ovsep - They never promised they will delivery the watch befire xmas. The watch is just a reward. Has nothing do do with Santa. The way I see it is this. Figure out how long you think it's going to take to bring the product to the market, then add 3 months to that number and you will get the correct date you should be promising people. If everything works out, then great! Ship early. If not then you have 3 more months before you run out of time. And it's a deal breaker because I was going to give it as a gift. How am I going to explain to a 13 year old that the project got delayed? @Ovsep awwww Santa Clause is not real dude. GROW UP. You helped fund a PROJECT, you didnt buy anything. I have sent in a message to creator to ask for a refund in light of the delays. Not getting the watch before Christmas is a deal breaker for me. Thanks. Excellent! A sincere thanks for the follow up and I wish SL+HoH all best in your respective ongoing work. Second on Roberts question!?!? Will the 200 Early Bird Agent Watches be the first to ship? If so, are these more likely to arrive in time for the Holidays? Or do you think December is going to be missed based on Delays you're seeing? @Adam Dzak +1 I haven't seen any updates about it, but is there anything to be said/share about the respective app stores you are developing for mobile platforms? Chris, are you able to confirm final dimensions please? Are they as per the diagram on the home page here? Thanks. Hello Chris, when you say Agent is water resistant, does it mean that I can swim with it in a swimming pool/beach (no scuba-diving)? And with regards to that, is the leather strap water resistant or should I opt for the silicon rubber? I usually like to take a swim with my watch and I sometimes clean it with water after a gym workout. Will that be illegal if someone hack the Fitbit Force, then cheat the Fitbit app that Agent is Fitbit Force or some of their devise, make app read the Agent motion data and do as it do? @Creator Hi Chris / Lawrence, Great to see the effort that you have been putting in to design and perfect the Agent's electronics. I hope the watch case quality will be at the same level (such brilliant content needs appropriate protection). Can we expect the same build quality as the other House of Horology watches (in particular with regard to 10 ATM water resistance level)? Thank you and keep up the great work. Chris, in my mind I have pushed December Agents back to Jan/Feb and the January ones back to Feb/March. Realistically, this wouldn't be too bad in the context of KS tech projects. Omate's Truesmart is the most recent one to slip, plus they have another problem with a promise they made re Google Services. I was in NYC last week and would have stopped by the House of Horology if it wasn't for rain when I emerged from the subway! Keep up the great work and the informative updates. What is the plan for CE Certification? Do you have it booked in for testing? Please don't get me wrong your transparency, honesty & communication skills have never been a problem, in my mind. Nor has the fear of the Project veering away from the original envisioned design. However, I am a little concerned that you've not mentioned European Certification plans at all in an Update - The reason I ask now is because a Project I backed first started out all 'guns blazing', then got delayed, now are finally shipping, even though they are six months late, but they failed to get any Certification except FCC! Which has left all International Backers without a due date for fulfilment as there is a problem in the MANUFACTURE Process that has been found out to be the cause of its failure of a CE Certification! So we are all having to await a design change & the second full manufacture production run before there can be any '**** of light' appear in the wall of us, international Backers, even seeing the Product whilst everybody else in North America is already enjoying the fruits of the Project. So in short - I don't want that to happen with another Project - Ever!! - I'm sure you can see how frustrated I am! However, I'm sure that will not be the case with this Project but I'm just going through some of my Projects close to fulfilment just to check! Cheers Guys - Great Work! Best Regards From London! I know this'll be somewhere in the comments, but search is impossible (sort it out Kickstarter!). I've just bought a Nexus 5 to replace my iPhone so I can make double use of a Qi charger. So the question is, what are the requirements for a Qi charger for Agent? Will any charger suitable for the Nexus work for Agent? Any hints regarding Agent's charger, whether it'd work for a Nexus and what the chances are for ordering one if you hadn't pledged for one will be gratefully received... Can't wait for my Agent watch! BTW - our own Kickstarter for the XOWi Voice Badge (Star Trek like) is ongoing -- and we need help! Still awaiting the update "Thursday night, on Halloween". @Huang Mu-Ti : great question ,I would also like to know that, would save me getting a Fitibt force and keep me from forgetting my fitbit I currently have.... is that possible that make Agent do the same things as UP or Fitbit Force? @Creator Thanks for the answer. It was a bit misleading what I wrote as far as I can see. I know that the watch is no music player :) What I want to do is play music from my phone with my BT receiver where my headphones are connected (over A2DP) and control the music (probably the volume too if possible) through the AVRCP profile over my watch so the phone could stay in the pocket if I need to control the music. But as you said, I will have to try out and then I see what's happening @Edward Wilcox Yes my qi charger has an LED on the side and my phone beeps/buzzes if it isn't on the charger correctly, but I just thought it would be a nicer experience if you didn't have to worry about putting it on the charger quite right, because it would align itself. Never mind, with the parts arriving next week it sounds like it's too late for such ideas anyway! @Creator Thanks for the answer, then it's no problem to switch my agent between my laptop and my smartphone although the latter would be more used together with the agent because for my laptop I have a keyboard with media keys and I don't know how much I will use the agent on my laptop, so it's primary my smartphone companion. One question at last, although no question directly for agent: can WP support at least two devices at once over BT and what happens if two devices want the same BT profile? the AGENT will have AVRCP I think because it can control my music but not A2DP (since it's no device for playing music). The point for my question is, since today I own a BT receiver to get my phone free from the headphone cables (it's sometimes a bit uncomfortable to hear music and use my phone together at the same time). This device supprots A2DP for playing music and AVRCP (only play/pause). I want to use that device together with my AGENT later so I can control my music without pulling the phone off my pocket each time (I'm not always using it when I'm taking the bus/train because I sometimes also use my tablet instead to read some ebooks) but I wonder if I can control the music with my AGENT while listening music over my BT receiver. Can you guys maybe share some details if you have any? @creator come on where are the two updates per month? :D @creator I'm wondering if the agent is capable to connect to multiple devices, that means not it should connect to for example my laptop and my smartphone at the same time but it should maybe be able to remember both devices so I can connect to one of them without overriding the connection to the other device just like a car can. If it can, then I would be able to connect it to my laptop and my smartphone so I can control both of them whenever I need :) Anyway, how's the AGENT going? If everything is on time then it's cool, if not I'm also fine to wait a bit longer because the government shutdown has surely left its marks on your plan, hasn't it? One question about the delivery, it's ok if you cannot answer them but will it more be a christmas special so I have my watch before christmas or will it rather be a new years special? @richard - My qi charger beeps when you have it on correctly, does yours? This may be too late, but one thing that bugs me about qi chargers is that if the device isn't on quite right, it fails to charge. I've started thinking that there should be magnets in some of the corners or something like that so if its almost on correctly, the magnets will pull it into the right position. Is this something that could be done in the Agent watch and charger? Agreed FCC approval for the win This user's account has been deleted. What will the conparibility be with iOS 7.x, Mac OSX, and the iPhone 5s? Did you ever discuss in detail the change from hex to push rod for the strap? @creator, what about sapphire? how are all other things moving along? Sapphire? FCC testing? Sapphire? All the best. Cheers. did I ask about Sapphire? :) @creator, what about sapphire? how are all other things moving along? Sapphire? FCC testing? Sapphire? All the best. Cheers. did I ask about Sapphire? :) @Jaizuke: it's possible and a great idea. I think I'll create such an app for android. ;) Yep there are other OS's out there :-) Sorry. My comment was mainly aimed at iOS. @Ovsep: I believe there are app that allow you to do that already for Android (Delayed Lock, for example). Plus, I believe it can also be done in Tasker. I don't think it will be possible. And not because the agent can't do it. But it will be a limitation on what the phone's OS will allow. Jaizuke +1 great idea! Jaizuke, what a nice little idea! On the Note 3 with the Galaxy gear, there is a feature where if the watch is in close proximity of the phone; it automatically disables the password. Is this possible to implement on the AGENT? Can't wait until Christmas, I hope it arrives on time. Keep up your great work. :-) just re-watched the video; saw a white version of the Agent! is that even an option!? I like that you want make best watches but not cheapest! :) Hi, What are the 5 buttons for? Which ones are reserved for system functions (e.g. menu), and which are accessible for app/watchface design? Cheers @Dominic - read their last post a couple below. Update should be today has been a long time since last update... @Vasilis Odysseos, per Chris' comment last Sept 17 - "no worries, we will be making extra chargers. It's not possible to change pledges after the campaign, but we are working on a way to enable you to get one of the first extra units." hey guys is there a way to add the wireless charger to my pledge later on the survey? I too was one of the early backers of the Omate, but withdrew my pledge at about update 30. Just so many promises, I no longer felt comfortable with them. I also figured if I was going to get a watch with all those features, I'll wait for Apple to make it. I am excited for the Agent and wish Christmas would hurry up and get here. I already know what watch face I am going with: <url>" F!@#K NO!!!!! I have a phone with a 4.8" screen which I think is great at doing all of these things. Why would I go back to typing T9 style? Will it give me notifications and let me know if I need to reach into my pocket, take my phone out, use battery powering that screen? YUP! PERFECT it works with my phone, Not trying to replace it, and poorly at that I might add, by taping into it. Will I need to charge it Every night? Nope every three nights, from the sounds of it no. once a week? ... WOW that saves me 5 charges a week. Frankly they better include an extra battery because they will see the end of its battery life well before an agent user will. Oh and I'll be able to tell the time from my watch with out having to the screen, or signal for someone to steal 3rd with some goofy hand signal just to get the watch face on. Which call me crazy... I want out of a watch. The Only thing that any of these watches had that I wish Agent had would be Sapphire. However with that said. If it reduces the range of connectivity by even a foot. Leave it off. Oh and water proof for swimming and diving? Ummm Unless I have a waterproof phone I'm taking with me, exactly what good is this doing? Water proof for a shower, and shallow water Good enough for me. alright that's all I got. Oh wait no it's not... Free spare parts? This is not a selling point to me. Keep the spare parts. Build me a watch that you can say "No spare parts needed, because we promise it wont break!" to me "free spare parts screams " alright guys not going to lie this is a cheap build.. you are probably going to need extra of these cause lets be honest this crap is going to break!" Ben, exactly! But Omate raised update expectations very high. Someone just posted a comment on Omate's KS page: "@omate, Where have you disappeared ? Since raising the money we did not hear from you" Wow, a whole two days since their campaign closed! Personally, I'd rather hear that they are spending more time on the product development and less time sending me updates! Dino, you are certainly right about those things and others causing delays for Pebble. And I think you'll be right about probable Omate delays also. Everything comes at a cost, be it time, compromise or quality. Omate ceratinly pumped out the updates. Averaged 1.5 per day during the fundraising campaign. I hope their backers don't expect that level of activity to be sustained from now on because it certainly won't be now the money is in! In Agent's case they were quietly beavering away and launched their SDK witnin 24 hours of the end of the fundraising campaign. A win for substance over style, I think. The big thing for me with Agent is the people behind it. The partnersip of Secret Labs and a professional watchmaker is a compelling team. Omate's pitch refers to international experts but are they experts in building and supplying sophisticated micro electronic products on a fairly large scale and making watches? I have a lot more confidence that Agent will be a very high quality product delivered on time than Omate. We'll have to wait and see. @Ibitisaam - I think you missed my point about Pebble's colours. They introduced BT4, water resistance as extra colours. The first two added 4-5 months to the programme; some of the colours added 12 months. Raising extra funds and using it to make savings on processor costs for instance, allowing the next spec up to be bought is great. But adding features is a recipe for delays. Hope I'm wrong, as I'm loving all the different types of watch, as it will really push the technology on. @Ibitsaam, I think we have all looked at the Omate and Kreyos by now. -The tech is too new, hopefully there are no major delays for them and it works as advertised. -Camera, what for on your watch? you'll quickly need extra storage and only get sub par vids. -Keyboard- My phone is already small enough to type on. They need another alternative like a projection keyboard etc. Hopefully not gesture based as the Air Dj look doesn't imply sanity.That part of the Kreyos campaign just had me giggling. -Phone on the wrist- Could be OK but until ppl get used to seeing that you'll look like a d**k (not dork) talking into that thing. -Water Resistance - You should get better resistance from a watch which is completely sealed no speaker/mic etc we still have to wait to get AGENT's ATM specs but hopefully they should be better than all competitors. -Music streaming, great but you'll need BT headsets or you will look like a "dork" again. Maybe you could strap the watch to your sun glasses and get a real hands free device. :-) I guess what i'm trying to say is that not all smart watches need to be the same, this segment of wearable tech is just starting to explode so if you aren't ready to see your KS device find competition quickly then its probably best to wait till they come to market. Expect the tech to get old quickly. You could have picked up the pebble from best buy for 150 bucks today, released this year and already looks like a dinosaur. I personally want something that looks good and will last for a few years. The omate just looks like an old CASIO (no offense intended). I'd like to see the Sapphire glass too but in all honesty this tech will likely be old in 12 months and I'll probably want and AGENT 2 or some other variation by then. Just my 2 cents mate. Yes. I apologize. This is what a kickstarter project is all about. Innovative projects, that make other projects raise the bar. Agent, i apologize. Ibtisaam, did you get out of the wrong side of bed this morning? And just a side note: omate is very backer friendly. Tgey just hit 1 million, and all through this campaign, several update videos, pictures and 43 update pages! I count zero videos and 11 updates here for agent. 3hrs left for omate and they just sent another update and video. I mean cmon. Thats a kickstarter campaign. Keeping the contributors in the loop and excited. Maybe AGENT 2.0 will be a showstopper. But right its very embarrassing. Regrets, i have two of em and it cost me $149 each. Extra colors????! How bout these for stretch goals: 1. Sapphire glass for every watch 2. Free spare parts 3. 720p video recording 4. Fleksy keyboard software 5. Music streaming software 6. Free extra battery 7. Free watch faces Absolutely outstanding! Agent? Nice watch straps, yea different colored watch straps. Woohoo. Omate is not for me (SIM card - so bin phone altogether, or have two SIMs which means more cost and different phone numbers? Camera - as with Samsung's effort, just why?). But the sapphire glass is interesting, IF they can get it to work without impacting on signals - easy to say Rolex uses it, but Rolex don't have BT etc. Hopefully they have tested it, found it works and therefore AGENT will be to implement as well. As for stretch goals, as Pebble showed, they can seem a great idea until you try to implement within existing timescales and discover that extra colours etc aren't as easy as you thought. You guessed it Ibtisaam Khan. I also have a kreyos I regret. (And for (pre)sale at price I paid) I bought two myself, and in addition also have to purchase a qi charger. Buyers remorse...ya. Battery life is great though! Or is it the crystal sapphire glass that is on the omate (a stretch goal i might add) and not on the agent? Gee why Tom? Or maybe, since Omate truesmart came out with a remarkable watch, of which the first batch is scheduled for delivery before the agent? Maybe the lack there of quality stretch goals? Why Tom? I am having buyers remorse, and will be happy to sell my agent watch at what I am paying. I am on the December list, for $149, without the Qi charger. Would it be possible for you guys to post a video showing the durability of these watches? great update on the charger. I too want to get a charger now. Is there an upgrade options? I like to purchase the charger now. I can't wait for december! And also im lucky that the Samsuck Galaxy Gear isn't a really good device, so Agent is still top! ;D @Creator What an evil and brilliant cliff hanger Will played sir, Well played! How do I update my address? Have you done a shipping survey yet? I initially backed ornate but withdrew the backing because of it only supporting monoband for 3G and neither of them would be of much use for me - I don't live in US nor Europe. Felt it wasn't right to pay the same money for it when it wouldn't be 100% for me unlike backers in US and Europe. @ Ku TuB I guess it depends what you want out of a smart watch. I find it funny everyone is switching to larger and larger phones, with bigger and better cameras. Yet apparently when purchasing a smart watch people really feel like they need to capture pictures on a terrible camera, and surf the web on a screen smaller than any smart phone on the market. Hello guys.. Please don't mind.. Just wanted some comparison with OmateTruesmart watch..here is the link...<url>"updates". thanks Kueh, does this mean it will charge watch at same speed (or faster) as Agent's Charger? @arckal, Nokiat DT-900 would certainly work with Agent Watch as it is based on the Qi wireless Charging standard. Agent Watch wireless charging is also based on Qi Wireless Charging standard, so in fact any Qi wireless charging unit would work with Agent Watch. Hope this helps. Could any tell me if Nokia DT-900 Wireless Charging Plate will work with Agent Lol on samsuck gear watch. 1 day battery life at best. Lol @Creator, I've been checking out some videos of the Phillips mem display and it looks to have some very reflective qualities can you tell us if you've had any readability probs with the screen? Sapphire lens??? Any news? ;-) You guys still on schedule? Galaxy Gear ---> splash proof???? lol, 1 day battery life? lol, not for me thanks. This user's account has been deleted. @Donald, just click on the Contact Me link to the right @lumar, re brushed metal look see <url>" thing yet. Hello, like a few other backers, i missed the opportunity to include the charger. Just confirm that you guys will be making that an additional option before shipping? Maybe on the survey? @Roma I would be interested to see that bezel overlay. @Creator, Thanks for your time in answering my question :) all the best for the white version - if you manage to crack it, I'll be sure to get one! Just read Update 10. The attention to detail is fabulous, as is the quality of communication with backers - both here and in the Agent forums. Well done, team! Any updates? @Roma That would be great. Maybe the watch could have some discrete grooves where you could attach some kind of cover made to fit tightly over the watch face. I want my Agent as soon as possible, so all this is just of it fits in the production schedule. Funny, I jumped on here just now to say something but Altrstar beat me to it. I posted a thread on the Agent forum a week ago, asking if there was any way to use the "dumb" bezel which surrounds the smart display. The lack of responses indicates that the only real option might be to dress it up a bit. Considering that Lawrence is on board as a professional watchmaker, I wonder if he could offer a nice overlay; not a skin, but something more substantial which he could bond to the bezel for those who wanted it. At the same time, I don't want to suggest anything which would delay the watches being built so I imagined that those who wanted the overlay would have that done by Lawrence at an additional cost (which we would pay him directly) after our watches were built and before they shipped. It seems that the watches being made locally there might facilitate this. Does anyone else think this is worth asking for? @Creator - Hi! I'm wondering from the promo video @1:17 there was a white version of the watch - I'm wondering if it was only an example or would it be possible to get a white version of the agent watch as part of the kickstarter rewards? :) can't wait to use Agent with my Nokia Lumia. Hopefully with be sharing the Qi charging plate too :) All still good for end of year release? I saw this review on Retrevo about smartwatches. WTF! the reviewer didn't mention Agent at all. In my opinion, one of the most promising pieces of wrist-tech that exists. Hey Secret Labs! I'd contact this reviewer and ask why. Weird that they didnt feature Agent. Just weird. Review is here: <url>#comment-74486 Hi , I can't wait any more ;) People ask this before I think , but the AGENT watch will be able to do what the FitBit flex do? Count steps, calories , etc' It will be able to communicate with apps like sport-tracker? Thanks for the update! Can't wait. End of the year can't come fast enough. I realize you have promised iOS support but it would make me feel better if you mentioned that in your updates along with the Android love. 8-) A certain other smartwatch which will remain nameless has fallen down even though full iOS support was promised Hey guys, will the AGENT be compatible with ANT+ accessories for heart rate monitors and the like? I'd love for my AGENT to be the hub of my workouts, replacing both my fitbit and my nike fuelband. ;) So excited for this and already found a couple of blogs for development. If i have some time over in the future i might give it a shot. I do think it's a very good approach you're using making it easier for the devs and building an eco-system around that. One question I still have though is this: "Water resistant (ATMs: TBD)" can you tell anything about the water resistance? as in, can I wash my hands with it.. take a shower, swim or even dive a couple of feet? ;) If you need help getting started developing stuff for the AGENT, checkout this series of tutorials: <url>"at least twice a month" so they still have plenty of time for their second July update. Chris is highly active on the Agent forums too. 13 days since the last update. I'm starting to twitch. Wayne, please don't! Maybe offer your expertise to Pebble. They sure seem to need it! Roma, I guess I should quit my job at Global Customs then Wayne Daniells, there are hordes of German kickstarters who backed Pebble and would disagree with you about customs restrictions. Lol. I'm a backer. Not a salesman. I just think its a cool product that will fill a need in today's growing mobile electronics market. I just wanted them to hit their funding goal so I could get my 2 qubes. EU Customs don't put restrictions on electronics unless they're micro chips that could be used to manufacture detonators I hope you leaned from pebbles desastrous planning regarding non-US markets. - declare customs properly - make shure electronics are certified as needed (e.g. CE for the EU) - do not ship any non-compatible electronics like power cables (as e.g. butterfly labs did) for not being blacklisted by customs and then all things should go well ;) You sound like a salesman for it! Most qi chargers use a USB connection to charge. Most people own a phone, a tablet and a phone if not More that all use USB connections to charge. The Qube has built in high power USB ports to help you reduce the charger and power strip clutter. @Ovsep: I don't see, how the powerqube can help me charge an AGENT. There's no Qi integrated!? If only! Is it December yet?! Hey guys, check out this campaign also, they need some last minute contributions to bring it to market. It's a really useful product that can help charge your agent watch. <url>"Thank You for helping us pass the Million Mark". Something different from the rest. After what happened with the Ouya launch, this simple gesture would be great. @Martin I asked the same thing in a private message, and the response was that the first January backers gets the option first. Which seems fair. @Chris When I backed the watch (JANUARY AGENTS (with charger), all spots for December were already taken. Now I can see that there are 2 spots left for December shipment. Is it possible for my shipment to be shifted from Jan to Dec? Chris, it seems that Best Buy in the US has received stock of Pebble watches and will start selling to the public next week. This is before all the Kickstarter pledges and most pre-orders have been fulfilled. Are you prepared to make a commitment that every one of your Kickstarters' Agents will be shipped before you start selling by any other means? I think I know your answer but I think I'd like you to say it anyway! Thanks, Peter @Chris - What are the plans for future updates Appreciate it's only been 11 days since the last, so not expecting one, but it would be good to know if you're planning on regular updates or ad hoc when there's something to tell us. @chris - Any update on the error during registration on the Agent forum? I already sent you the required info you needed, but still i cant register/access properly to the forum. Hey, open ended question, I'd very much like to learn to start coding, is there anyone who can help me out ? Or perhaps point me in the right direction? I've always been interested but I don't really know where to start. Figured since I'm getting this watch it could benefit me to learn to code & program. Chris, it was really great to meet you today at build. The progress you have made is more than I could have hoped and I am really excited to see some of the things you showed come to life. @Creator Too bad I'm not there this year. Would have liked to stop by. This user's account has been deleted. Paul's idea of a shorter range in "link lost" when outside of ones home, is a feature i would love to see added. @Rob D Try messaging the creators directly [if you haven't already done so] through the contact me link and see if they can work out a deal with you. It looks like I'm not going to be able to make the deadline for payment unless I get a miracle :( If I could have one more day, I'd definitely be able to pay. You probably don't have the ability to give an extension, right? I understand that I'm already late. When can I expect to be able to purchase an AGENT smartwatch, when it's officially released? @John I am pretty sure Chris meant to link this <url>#1001 Hi @Creator, thanks for adding me on the forums. Sorry but I think I still seem to have a problem... I can't download the attachments e.g. png/gif watchfaces that others post, it says I don't have permission. Sorry for the inconvenience! Thanks for the help! Hi Agent Team ! I am really looking forward to receiving your product. Speaking for other backers from Germany too: Please follow the customs regulation, the German customs seems to be quite picky. Other Kickstarter projects (at least Pebble and Ouya) did not fulfill the requiremets to the full extend. It is very frustrating to get a note by customs: "Choose: Shall the product be sent back or should it be destroyed?" Please do not make the same mistakes the others did. Keep up the great work. Kind regards, Ingo Are you going to send surveys soon to choose the color of the wrist band or how is it going to work? @Creator @Matheus, I think there should be an accessibility mode and sdk support, so arm-flick-gestures can be mapped to actions or buttons. Another possibility is voice control via a BT earbud, but as of now there wasn't going to be support for BT audio in the watch; @Creator, could that change considering accessibility? @Robert Chartier Exactly the kind of thing I was looking for. @Andrew Kaplan this may help: <url>"start button" hidden up in the tool bar. It built for Debug, Any CPU for whatever that's worth (the options were x86 and x64) How are you guys getting the emulator to work? I'm 100% new to Visual Studio and C#, however I installed all the components without issue (Visual Studio, the .NETMF, and the AgentSDK) and create a new "agent watchface" project. I can see the default code which appears to set up a timer as well as the UpdateTime function that appears to actually draw the time. It builds without error (using build->build solution) but I can't figure out how to run it on the emulator (I tried deploy). @Stephen Kong -- This came up in the comments previously. I think the basic answer was: this depends on how your phone handles this. AGENT uses the standard Bluetooth profiles so it's up to your phone to decide how it will route notifications. It might be rather difficult for SL/HoH to test out all the phone models with OS revisions in various scenarios with Bluetooth accessories connected in different ways. Maybe as we start getting watches out a part of the forum could open up to let people share their experiences with various accessories. I am curious If I'm connecting Bluetooth headset to the phone (Bluebud X) and watch also connect to the watch will both function works together as in caller id, music control etc. thanks. Hi @Creator, I tried signing up for an account on the agentwatches forum but something went wrong and now it says I don't have permission to be part of the community :( the username that I tried signing up with was mejoshua and me_joshua. Could you help? Thanks! Could I also ask if future updates about the hardware processes will be updated on both sides e.g. here on KS and on the agentwatches forum? Lastly, was wondering if the rubber silicone strap looks exactly like the leather strap? Complete with the accent stitching? Thanks! Kudos to your hard work and your consistent communication - really glad to be part of this project! Hi to all the developers ! I have a friend that can not use his right hand due to accident , he said is difficult to use a watch with push buttons , did not take notice !? So I have just had a operation in my wrist and is all bandaged ... Shit do I understand what my friend was saying !!!! I have a meta and pebble and all buttons are useless , all notifications are there to look at and nothing can be done difficult to change of watch face etc . My request is that if some of the functions could be controlled with movement , reject call , SMS scroll and change watch face ? Put your phone in your pocket strap up your one hand put on a smart watch and you would see and feel the challenge !!! So if some of you great developers need a challenge and this is possible there would be a different group of people interested in this kind of watch ! I thought the forums were coming next week! I guess we can stop posting code in the comments now. :) Chris, I am amazed at what you guys can do! Luckily, I think I got in with the 1st post! KPIs so far: 1. Funding achieved: 1000% 2. SDK out on time: 100% 3. Forums up on time: 150% Cheers, Peter @Creator, in addition to your helpful instructions: P.S. For anyone wanting to build a watch app which communicates via Bluetooth Serial Port Profile, just open up "COM1" in your app using the System.IO.Ports.SerialPort class. You'll also need to modify the emulator's XML configuration file at: C:\Program Files (x86)\Secret Labs\AGENT SDK\Emulator\v4.3\AGENT Emulator.exe.emulatorconfig Look for the "PhysicalPortName" entry and change it from COM5 to the Bluetooth Serial Port you've configured on your PC. Your smartphone apps should see the emulator's Bluetooth Serial Port the same way as they see it on a watch. You also have to add Microsoft.SPOT.Hardware.SerialPort to the References. Right-Click References, select Add Reference, and on the .NET tab, select the entry. Hey! Just curious, how will the watch function with a "vanilla" flavor? I, generally, like to play around with a vanilla build for a while before I go in with apps, mods, etc. Will we be seeing normal average watch functions? (i.e., time, alarm, stop watch, count down timer, etc.) Any cool sprinkles on top? :D Thanks guys! @SL/HoH -- I'm happy to report the signed installer did not upset Symantec this time and I was able to complete the setup without any issue. Developers, please excuse my naivety but I have some questions regarding watchfaces and apps you might build for the Agent: 1. Is it generally your intention to make your apps available to the great unwashed (e.g. mois) through Agent's App Store? 2. Do you think most apps will be free or paid? If paid, how do we pay you? 3. Will you and/or your apps need to be accredited/approved by SL/HoH before apps are released on the App Store? 4. Can a rogue app do any serious damage to other apps, the watch or the phone via bluetooth? 5. Any other questions I should have asked? If so, those Q&A too please? Thanks everyone and I hope you're having fun, Peter @Robert Chartier - any thought to post some sample code that leverages your contrib for button usage for the complete newbie? @Robert Chartier -- There's a lot of "couldn't wait" going on. :) FYI, I was going to hold off mentioning the Contrib project until we got dev forums, but just couldn't wait! :) For those looking for an easy way to work with buttons, here is some samples: <url># language as im trying to learn it. Could someone assist me with what this function gives? Thanks, Kevin @Dominic Jossen >made my own modification...without much experience with programming Congratulations! I'm glad you mentioned that! Someone brought up the idea of using the AGENT to help get students interested in programming. I thought it was a great idea! But, I never taught C#/Windows. So, I wasn't sure how hard it would be to someone that doesn't have a lot of experience. IMHO, having your own custom watch-face or app is much neater than an tablet app. Students always have their watch - even in class. I like Rob's web page/blog. Imho, if AGENT could have web pages (mainly community submitted :-) dedicated to teaching C# and AGENT programming, that would be great. :-) @Erik Noren >putting code in the comments Thanks for the code! I was wondering the same thing. :-) Erik Noren, that's exactly what I was going to suggest to Dominic Jossen. BTW, what's "code"? :) @Dominic Jossen -- With apologies to SL/HoH for putting code in the comments - my only excuse is that funding is closed so I guess there's small risk of intimidating backers who might think the code looks intimidating! Give this a shot: static InterruptPort _btnSelect; ... _btnSelect = new InterruptPort(HardwareProvider.HwProvider.GetButtonPins(Button.VK_SELECT), false, Port.ResistorMode.PullDown, Port.InterruptMode.InterruptEdgeBoth); _btnSelect.OnInterrupt += _btnSelect_OnInterrupt; The shortcut key for up and down are up and down arrows. Middle button seems mapped to [enter]. Hope it helps! Just made my own small modification of the Big Digits Watchface with my own numbers and a small animation :D without much experience with programming... and the emulator works great! How can I use the middle right button? I thaught about a normal watchface and when you press the middle button a stop watch starts counting and if you press it again it stops. Then you can hide it with the button or it disappears after some seconds... or like that ;D Mine installed correctly on Win7, shortly after installing the SDK, windows prompted me with an update to VS12 or .NET it seems, just like what y_t_n said. @rouven thanks for the step by step, I'll try that tomorrow. Keeping the error log files for Sl/hoh if I find it :) @Richard Keast >Why use the emulator when you can use the real screen! ><url>~$55 USD + S&H) It may be cheaper for people in the UK to go that way. But, in US/Canada/Mexico/etc, it's cheaper to go with the proto-advantage adapter. :-) Adapter: (~$20) FPC to "DIP" adapter for the display: <url>~$2.40) <url>~$21) <url>#: 852-LS013B7DH03 Manufacturer Part #: LS013B7DH03 Description: TFT Displays & Accessories 1.28" Memory LCD 128x128 Tranf HR-TFT Pictures of the proto-advantage.com adapter and display (Note: I haven't put the needed bypass caps on yet). I've had the adapters and displays for a while. Now, I'm busy with other stuff. <url> , the "Agent Emulator" was already selected -I closed VS and opened it again, then it worked for some reason May only be a solution for me though. Regards, Rouven @creator if the administrator trick that solved @rouven does not work, I'll try to get more info using the nifty sysinternals tools. I'll keepcyou posted if I find something that's not due to something I've done wrong :) Last time I had something bad after installing an add-in it was caused by some culture insensitive parsing of a version number (ie version 2.0 is"2,0" in french....) Why use the emulator when you can use the real screen! <url>"non responding" VS), and opening other projects is now 10 times slower. Uninstalling the SDK does not seem to repair VS :( I'm quite acustomed to VS going crazy with add-ons, and it's quite frequently due to my non-english (french in fact) setup, perhaps, @rouven is not using en-us visual studio too ? I've yet to try the "administrator workaround", now it's on my todo list for tomorrow :) Also, just a quick tip - If you get an odd 0x80131700 Build Error when trying to run the hello world, install .net framework 3.5 sp1 and that should fix it. @Chris, @ Steve Thanks for the advice. To give a little feedback what helped for me: I did Steve's steps then VS acted as before. After that I started VS as an Administrator and it showed me odd messages and suggested that I should take a look in my logfiles. After I closed VS I started it without running it as Administrator. For some reason that worked. Thanks for your help. Regards. @Rouven -Chris has mentioned that in order to get the preview SDK and emulator out in time they didn't sign or delay-sign it but will do so in the next version. Therefore your antivirus may complain. For now just ignore the message and allow the SDK to install. First off I would uninstall the SDK. Once uninstalled right click on the agentsdk.exe and select Run as Administrator. I had some similar issues when I first installed the SDK, even though my user profile has full rights. Once installed open Visual Studio again, and you should see two new templates in the Micro Framework section. @Creator So I installed the SDK, Win8 said it may be a virus, but I skipped the message. Anyway, as soon as I click on "New Project" now, my VS 2012 crashes. Any suggestions? FYI: Was working smoothly inb4 when the forum goes up there should definitly be a specifications page where all hardware informations are available like the screen resolution, memory, etc.. :) @Richard Here I had similar situation but better than yours. Hope to be addressed in the coming release. @Richard on your host machine do you have any special font settings or the screen on magnification at all? Any ideas why the Agent Emulator seems corrupted? <url> Scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory have designed and tested an all-solid lithium-sulfur battery with approximately four times the energy density of conventional lithium-ion technologies that power today's electronics. It would be nice if we could "upgrade" to this new tech if and/or when it comes to market. Any possiblity on somthing like that happening? @Rainer - it's a pain, but it's a Kickstarter problem. On their app, when you go into comments, where you were previously up to briefly appears, together with how old it is eg 8 hours. It then populates with all the new stuff and you have to scroll down to find the right time. There's also no way to search for information, hence questions are asked numerous times. Once the forums are up, I'd suggest that all stuff should be moved to there in future. The problem can be, from experience with Pebble, that you end up with information everywhere - here, Reddit, a forum, Twitter, Facebook. Pebble's problem was that they never explained what they were going to do, they just stopped using Kickstarter and started appearing everywhere else at random. A good lesson to learn. The right communications from Agent is therefore required -"we will post updates onto the Kickstarter pages, however we won't add any comments or answer any questions there as it's too difficult to manage. Please post any questions or comments on the forum and we'll deal with them there". Stick something like that on the bottom of every update and it should work. And Kickstarter needs to get its act together regarding the comments section. @Creators I just remembered something because I read again, that we could side-load apps from where we want. Would it be, theoretically, possible to include a watchapp/-face (or both) in an app for a smartphone and then deploy it to the watch? It would open nice possibilities, for example offering the option to install the watchapp/-face for this app (of course the watch content is designed to fit to the smartphone app) or also offering the deployment of a special watchface for finding an easter egg or completing a special task (so it would be more or less a nice reward system) Since I have a Lumia920 and I'm not so familar with Bluetotth and the possibilities which are allowed with WP8, an answer from Chris would be nice but I also accept a general answer as proof if it would be possible or not :) Anyway, the possibilities are theoretically unlimited so I'm glad I backed this to have something to play around and use every day :) @Creator: Sorry for nagging. @All: Is there any possibility to read these comments sequentially without constant refresh? After I was away for eight hours, I couldn't find the point I last left this thread. My first (simple) face: <url># and.NET Micro Framework - GHI Electronics <url>~58 pages) Embedded Programming with the Microsoft .NET Micro Framework <url>~$12 used - US price :-) Expert .NET Micro Framework (Expert's Voice in .NET) <url>~$15 used US price :-) Once again, great job, very impressive! :-) umm..errr...ahhh... Robert you make me want to do naughty things to you for this. Thank you. Hey guys, if you are thinking about getting your hands dirty with VS.NET and take a crack at writing your own face and or app for the AGENT, here is an introductory overview of how: <url>#AGENT-IsComingToLife!! #ChampagneCorksPopping! Done. @Creator Well done. You've done it! Boom! Funded!!!!! <url>"physical brick and mortar" place, and buy an AGENT. 13) Chris and Lawrence are both experienced and successful. They have both had follow-on products. They know business and are good at knowing what people want, and what's realistic. 14) In a number of ways, the AGENT electronics and software is based on Chris' *many* years, and *many successful* Netduino products. (Which I own and use a number of. :-) 15) In a number of ways, the AGENT physical design is based on Lawrence's many years, and many successful watch products. 16) The AGENT is based on Microsoft's .NETMF. That's the "little brother" of what Win7 and Win8 are based on (.NET). I'm talking about the base OS. Not the GUI, or some program that may have issues. 17) Much more. :-) Again, I have *great* respect for the Pebble, it's creators, it's developers, it's backers, and it's owners. But, all products have their pluses and minuses. :-) I hope that people back the AGENT. If not, then I hope that they reconsider in Jab/Feb when the AGENT is available for retail purchase. Then, you'll know what cool and neat things the AGENT, and it's apps, can do. :-) Chris, happy to help you learn from other's experiences! I assure you of my enthusiastic support whilever I believe you are trying to do the right thing by your Backers. There will be stumbles and I implore you to be open and honest with us all, in good times and in challenging times. You have convinced me, a skeptic, to back you and you have even convinced my dog! Congratulations on a great campaign and my best wishes for your future success. So meaning the range won't be that far unless there is somewhere to utilize the app for the low energy one? I am using an iPhone 4S so my Bluetooth is the low energy one?? I dunno.. But I also had some concern like when I tried to connect to my braven speakers but it failed... Btw... <1 hour home stretch guys This is my first Kickstarter I've backed, I'm excited for the watch. I hope there'll be some good documentation for the SDK you're providing as it would be cool to contribute with the possible apps. I know the shipping dates aren't set in stone of course but if I backed the December shipment, is it really possible that I can have the watch already in december? Seems quite soon for a project of this size. I'm actually curious on how far before the Bluetooth disconnects from the phone Lane Sutton, just thought I'd flick over to Pebble to see if they have suddenly improved. Latest comment from a Chinese Backer: << WOW WOW!! It's impressive that every time when I mentioned some important point but end up with the typical political reply, NO REPLY.....! Anyway, thank you so much after we paid the money then as usual no more reply. Especially when the person knew that we are Chinese from ASIA. THEN always end up being ignored and then no more reply. "THANK YOU" So so much. Thank you for letting me to experience the usual ASIAN -IGNORED service from all the Canadians or Americans. Thanks, we got used to it already. It's just..... If those people so so much prefer to ignore us, please kindly consider not to take our money next time! THANK YOU VERY MUCH..... >> See what I mean? No $2,500 Backers yet? If you threw in the right to visit Pebble HQ in Palo Alto to throw rocks on their roof, you would pick up another $12,500 in the blink of an eye from international Backers, especially our friends in Germany! @lane on top of everything Steve mentioned the pebble looks like a plastic toy you probably wouldn't want to wear to anywhere fancy...the agent is well designed and built out of proper materials like leather glass and metal Lane Sutton, here are some of my checklist items to compare against Pebble. 1. Communication 2. Honesty 3. Customer Support 4. Timeliness 5. Works properly with iOS. Pebble set the bar pretty low so I expect Agent to outperform Pebble at least threefold in these criteria! Got an early bird cancellation!! Yes! Looking forward to the SDK later. Love everything about Agent :D @Lance - Here's a comment I had that is perhaps buried now. Hopefully this can help answer some of your questions: Previous comment: "I have a list of items that I think make the AGENT the world's smartest watch, but I fear it's too long to add here. I posted it as a comment on the Mashable article on the AGENT, but sadly their commenting system wasn't working and it's stuck in limbo. I copied it into a Word document, so checkout why I think AGENT the world's smartest watch and feel free to use the list when showing friends: <url>" Before my payment goes through, I want to hear what differentiates AGENT from Pebble (which I already have)? I like the idea of apps and notifications, but how is it different for functionality? Thanks. To have exit, you don't have to do extraordinary things, but things extraordinarily well done.Congratulations for all the good work!And as result,.....Reaching 1 million$!!! Congratulations on the million everyone! Jeroen - You probably got mine :) Samsung just released a QI charger for the GS4 and I purchased it so I don't need a charger and when I changed my pledge, someone from 129 pledge dropped theirs and I got it woot, cheaper is always cool :) Drink more coffee then while develop watch faces ;) Vancouver is cool but yeah keep it in Seattle/LA/San Fran easier for people to get there and can have a lot more people that can join. Just switched to december Agent with charger in the nick of time :) Is it December yet?! Boy I can't tell you how excited I am to be a part of this backer community and even more excited to get my AGENT in December. And the best is yet to come. Over the coming months I expect to see a flourish of watch apps and watchfaces, and many more updates from Secret Labs and House of Horology. This being the first Kickstarter campaign I've backed, it's been really neat to see the behind the scenes process and to be a part of a great and growing community. Kudos to all of you and let's keep getting the word out there. Vancouver doesn't work even though you have someone offering to host with space, but Seattle is on the potential list. I'm confused. Congrats on One Million! I pledged on the first day didn't think this would hit 1 million after the fiasco from the Pebble watch. This is bloody fantastic! One mil and climbing! In Seville, Spain, for example. Its the best land to have hackathons. Its my city 1M hit and still going!!! Great job backers. @chris shucks ;) you guys rock for making such a great product the x10 funding says it all. High five back. Congrats on passing the 1 mill mark! December can't come soon enough. I am no developer but if I can help you out to find some sponsor and host in Paris, I'll do my best! Don't hesitate to reach out if needed. @creator - I am on it! If Vancouver is on the list of hackathon destinations I can find the space and will host.. :) Regarding an event in Europe, definitively something to put as a survey on the upcoming forum to define the best location! @Secret Labs Congratulations! You are millionares now!!! Thinking about it I may just go ahead and organise one anyway but would be good if it could include early prototypes too. @Creator not sure if this is even possible but what about a virtual hackathon using Google hangouts it would be cheap inclusive of the world and be able to accommodate more people than any venue @Chris - How about Nokia (preferably London rather than Finland) as a Nokia Developer Champ I can put you in touch with the right people :) Congrats SL+HOH! Mike Hole, While I can appreciate the question you raise, I would assume that events held here are easier to setup, manage and ultimately less expensive than trying to hold something overseas since both SL and HoH are US based. While I am all for engaging and including the global community of backers I think most people would agree, regardless of their location, that the money raised should be used as efficiently as possible. I could be wrong though. Would love to see everyone involved as much as possible if it makes sense to do so. For the Europeans, I could -try- to arrange an event together with SL & HOH, if there's enough interest for that? How many of your recent backers are in the USA? If a majority of cash has come from outside the USA and you are using it to help fund USA based events then people sure won't feel the love? Congrats @SL + HoH! If I use 3rd party Qi charger that provides 650mA or even 1A, will it have any side effect on charging the watch over time? I believe charging time will be shorter, right? Congrats all! Jon Galloway, LOL @ Leeeroy Jenkins! I've gotta go watch that now... Nice. :) Congrats!!! Onward to $2 million. Let's do this! Leeeroy Jenkins! But seriously, huge congrats on a very successful launch and the birth of a great product. Great job on reaching the million mark!!! Not any more... congrats on 1 Million 1 December Agent with charger is open :) 1 million!! @DigitalPH usually in the last few minutes early birds open up from people pulling out. I have been watching also.... :) To the backer who freed up his/her slot on the early bird special, thank you! You just saved me $20 :) 30 days ago AGENT was hoping to raise $100,000. $1,000,000 that's an awesome effort fellow backers!! Congrats to Secret Labs & House of Horology :-) Looking forward to the journey ahead. Congratulations on reaching $1 Million - 5 hours left to make what ever Amazon and Kickstarter charge as admin fees I think its about 3% each so Agent gets to keep the $1 Million Congrats guys on your x 10 now get the SDK out ;) .... is it December yet? Franois, my thoughts exactly! We can do this! haha Nicely done Christopher! And an awesome milestone for the project! Thank you to all my fellow backers!! This is going to be amazing! 5 hours remaining to make it to $2 M :D CONGRATULATIONS!!! @Christopher Hammond - that is historic. LOL, great timing, Christopher. I saw it at 1M for only a split second :) Congrats on passing the Million Mark .. @christopher haha so cool I wanted to ask if someone had time to do one! If you missed the $1,000,000 even mark, I got a screenshot (of the comments page) <url>"fan-art" of the amazing House of Horology Bedlam watch. I will be working on some other chronograph watchfaces in the near future and will take that into consideration. You can check out the Bedlam watches here where the design originated from: <url>"theme". The AGENT will certainly be able to run the real game. At one point of my life i thought this watch looks cool but now I think this is just ok. And I am sure this dial should/can easily be done for/on agent by :) <url>#/ @Mike Cattle I seem to recall that there might be a device wide setting which us dev's should pay attention to for our faces; until the SDK is released we will never know.. ;) Have persuaded another backer for a januari watch :) This user's account has been deleted. As a matter of style, if a developer wants to offer a watch face in 12 / 24H format, is it advised to release them as two watch faces, or to release it as one watch face, and use the middle button to toggle between the formats? (Or the third option, where the format is chosen somewhere in the watch settings, and the app just uses the user's chosen setting?) Would be great to get something like user voice setup so when things start to settle down for the team we, as a community, could assist with setting the priority of the backlog. ;) @Fadi Kahhaleh - That's awesome. I have a list of items that I think make the AGENT the world's smartest watch, but I fear it's too long to add here. I posted it as a comment on the Mashable article on the AGENT, but sadly their commenting system wasn't working and it's stuck in limbo. I copied it into a Word document, so checkout why I think AGENT the world's smartest watch and feel free to use the list when showing friends: <url>~20 000 left for the 1M mark! It can be done :D Also super excited for the emulator and to build some live enchancing and time saving apps! :) @ Robert, some nice work there. Have you tried viewing the emulated face at 1:1 pixels and face sized to .09", the small time/date font on the one screen is prettttty small. @ Wayne Daniells, how long will that cap-mechanism survive... Is this possible - on iOS and at least some android phones/versions, you can reject a call and send a stock message e.g. 'In a meeting'. So, will Agent allow you to do that from the watch, or will it be possible for a developer to build that (thinking permissions etc)? @Tim, I'm also hoping to see a prototype at BUILD! Seems like a perfect venue for an AGENT meetup. @Creator Yup. Note that you can adjust the FPS by tweaking a field. Similarly you can adjust the number of points that are orbiting the face, or the duration of the animation. I will be at BUILD next week and sure hope to get a peek at a prototype!! If you want to go you can try and win a ticket here: <url>"strength" setting Any idea what the experience will be like for requesting web data through the SDK? I don't really want to develop a companion app on IOS/WP8/Android just to request weather data for my watch face--will there be a generic 'Agent' app on the major platforms to expose simple web request/response? I'll be at build -- my team works on the day 2 keynote demon and scripts. Also, be sure to catch the day 1 pre keynote performance @Creator Here is another watch face to try out on the devices, if you want: <url>#file-orbitface-cs I adapted some code I had been building for a blog post on the HTML5 canvas: <url>"sleep" feature for text notifications - maybe by sender or by all... Or would a secret secret need to be secret? @creator I will eventually move to cycle through with the single button, and I agree that the analog face doesn't belong in this one. In fact I already have started on a calendar view; just show the week before and a few weeks ahead of todays date, a quick view of the current month idea; and at the top maybe an overview the next scheduled appointment. Weather [--] Digital Clock [--] Calendar @creator Is there a secret million dollar feature which we can expect if you hit the mark? I just posted about writing watch faces, importing fonts, modifying the emulator and such: <url>s Best Smart Watch. <url>"onboard". Spec/feature sheet is on the homepage, search for the "Specs" chapter :) Will the watch have it's own GPS receiver? Do you have a rough spec/feature sheet? worth linking up with these guys ? <url>"watch apps have access to all three of the right buttons; watchfaces have access to the middle-right button" @Clive I'd also love to see a white background ;) Are you going to be able to ship anywhere? Currently I live in Saudi Arabia. I remember that you said we can get extra charger before shipping. Does this mean if I get the watch only pledge now, I can still add charger later on after the campaign ends and still manage to ship in December? Then how is it different from watch+charger pledge? Hi, this is my first kick starter project that I'm funding and am happy about the community of developers that is around this watch (I'm a developer myself). I'm a bit concerned about the resolution of the device. As the text seems a bit blocky. Is that the final resolution or is it just a prototype? Also does it support black and white background colours or is it just black? It's funny too see as it comes closer to the end of the campaign, the faster is the funding!Almost there!! Latest installment is a watch face to the power of three. Agent.TripleFace is a watch face for the Agent smartwatch, which has three faces which you can change by using the top and bottom buttons. Top shows the weather, middle (default) is the current time using a digital face, and the bottom is the current time using an analog face. The production app will not show the white border, that is for demo purposes only. Video: <url>"we" reach $1m that doesn't necessarily mean the project will. Kickstarter gets 5% and Amazon 3-5%. Yes, let's aim high but not be disappointed if we don't get there. suresh, this KS project has the hallmarks of being highly successful in all respects (money being only one) so you may have picked well. If you keep using KS you will come a gutsa sometimes because there are a lot of dreamers/incompetents/cons out there. One is a very high profile project which told me to "P"-off. Richard/Creator, an Agent notification centre would be great. The user needs to be able to configure it so it works best for their own circumstances. For me, the test will be whether it's easier to see and deal with something from the watch before (or instead of) taking the phone out of my pocket. Imagine a master plumber (my son) working on a building site and sweating on an email from a potential customer about to sign up on a big contract. Or a message from a supplier as to whether they can get an item onto the site before he can finish the job before dark. That day, the plumber is as busy as buggery and doesn't want to keep fishing his phone (encased in a bulky waterproof case) out of his pocket for anything else. Watchfaces etc are great fun but the above are examples of the real deal when it comes to the potential of a really good smartwatch. My first kick starter project. Can't wait to try the watch and writes apps for it. [Erik Noren said "I guess this means the project is on track to release the SDK on time! Barring of course any changes the super influential Scott Hanselman suggests be made following his early access to the SDK"] @Erik - It seems so! So far the emulator looks awesome. And the exposure from a superstar like Scott Hanselman will certainly bring some valued press to this amazing project. In case anyone missed it, here's the link again: <url>"sneak peak", I mean "sneak peek". Though I do think the AGENT is at the pinnacle of smartwatch technology. :) Dominic, I certainly think it's possible. We still have 2 days left to get the word out there. The announcements and improvements from Secret Labs keep getting better with every dollar we pledge. If we continue to get the word out there and attract more backers I expect many more great things to come from Secret Labs for the AGENT smartwatch. will we reach the 1M? ^^ <url>"turn off" that is Sitting on this flight to Seattle got me thinking. I'd like a way to easily turn odd the Bluetooth connection and lost phone alert while on a flight. The less navigation required, the better.if apps can do this, might even be to have a specialized app for frequent travelers. Stoked to be a backer and add Agent to my soon to grow smartwatch collection! Got a question regarding how the watch handles overall notifications: I know that it'll prompt you when you get a notification, but is the watch gonna have some type of persistent notification ticker? Something akin to iOS' Notification Center and Android's pull down notifications, where we hit a button or a combination, and see a small list of _what_ standing notifications we have with the possibility to dismiss them? I could somewhat do it with my MBW 150 and Pebble have said that they'd like to do something like that, and I think to include such a feature at OS level would be fantastic, if it isn't considered already. My ideal watch display, or app, would allow me to see the time, the score of whatever game I want info on(NFL), and updates on plays that scroll across. I hope that this can be possible. With regard to "Apps." I'd like to see a "sports" data display app. which would show, as a minimum, distance ran, time, and pace - in nice clear lettering, for Android or iOS, coupled to the phone's running app. A bonus would be the addition of pick-up of heart-rate info. from an ANT device. Y. Chung - not sure what they refferal "get free watch" program is all about. Also not enough information atm I think @Y. Chung - hard to have many thoughts, as there's no mention of what phones it supports, battery life or, crucially, cost. That said, from its looks, I'd say it's more of a competitor for Pebble than Agent. I see Agent as being the watch I'd wear for meetings or nights out. I've got a Pebble on pre-order, and I'd see that more as the weekend watch - going for a run, lounging around etc. I couldn't image wearing a Pebble at a formal event, but I'd be nervous about ruining the looks of my Agent. That said, maybe we'll have to see how scratch resistant Agent is once its specification is finalised. Matthew, USB. Hi. Quick question regarding the wireless chargers we will receive. Will I need to purchase a plug adapter as I am from the UK or will you be providing a cable which is terminated with the correct plug? Have you guys seen this? <url>"stretch goals" about 15 posts below. Sorry if I missed it but was just wondering if there will be any stretch goals added or comp,eyed already? Itd be cool for extra strap of case or extra battery, something along those lines. Btw thanks for the app store update. Thanks Jason While on other projects: Dino, thanks for the lead on the mobile batteries from nooutletnoproblem (KS grad). Their feedback was reported as excellent and the product great so I ordered one. That customer experience was fantastic and the "Expedition" model was shipped within one business day of my order. Discount codes still apply and they are on their KS page. Okay, Thanks. No touch input, so watch buttons only. Active display area of 1.28" diagonal, 128x128pixels @ .18DP = ~23mm x 23mm. 0.9"x0.9", or about 0.8^2" of display area. Contrast Ratio is 26. Transflective is good in bright sky environment. @Rachel Cotton >third party chargers. What would your recommendations be? Rachel, you may also want to check out the TYLT VU Wireless Charger. <url>s answer message system without the phone ringing out? 4. keep call history for a set period or number of calls, highlighting which were not answered? 5. allow calls to be returned from the watch through its call history? 6. for text messages, show the number and name of the sender? 7. keep message history, highlighting which have not been answered? 8. for emails, show sender, time and date of all incoming emails (without exception as to email account type and including exchange server ones)? 9. keep email history, highlighting unread ones? 10. keep all the above coming in without having to manually re-establish anything on the watch or the phone once a bluetooth connection between the two is broken and then resumed? There might be a whole lot more Agent will be able to do with calls etc. and excuse my lack of imagination, but if it does the above well, I will be a happy chappie! The power of social media <url>"Hello World!" :) @Steve Bulgin Now that's just awesome. Thanks for the Buzzard's Bay close up. I was born on that triangle of land on the Cape and will always have a fondness for it. :) Hey everyone, check out the latest review from TechCrunch. If you have Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Linked In, Pinterest, or smoke singling devices, be sure to share it within your social spheres. We have less than $90K before we reach the golden $1MM mark. So let's get the word out there and unleash the full potential of the AGENT smartwatch community. <url>"fuzzy" thresholds, I didn't reference any code for what should be shown, when. There are many varieties of the times shown at random, so its always changing even though its telling you the same "fuzzy" time! Made the ever-so-popular "fuzzy" time face! Some sample times: <url>"Scroll" face) is on github here: <url>:) Video: <url>"midnight" and "noon" for that one minute anyways... @secretlabs A phone call would have been awesome! This is great news (and one for the documentation!). So an interesting idea for agent face creators is to put a URL based QR code in the face (after a button click). When it comes time to share the face, you could just show the QR code to your buddy and voila... Also, for devs like me, vCards, Urls, etc.. are all possible. This is pretty cool. Leave your business cards at home, they are on my watch. :) Congratulations on the $900,000! Hopefully we can make it to the big million. 128x128 1bit pixel gif of the QR code here: <url>#chart-exp-projection That being said I think it's a great goal to try to beat the projections. I foresee a crumbling face after a shake.. @secretlabs Any effort going into gesture recognition with the accelerometer as part of the SDK? looking- wearer is looking at the watch shake, waving, etc... Here is a video of the animations that I put into the Modern watch face <url>#0 @Maxim Enbaev It should be possible to reach $1M according to Kicktraq: <url>"home" and "away" time zone settings that all watchfaces could use.<< Chris, that's something I could REALLY use in a watch face. The -3 for being on campus is ok because I'm used to it, but all the other time zones screw me up in a big way. Pete @Francois: I know, It is simple but elegant design and I think it is quite a match with Agent watch. It was mentioned by another guy named Luma I think in the comment below. @Dude, thank man, I will post my questions on fb next time. @Jeff: lol, I like it, "winter is coming" is another good one. I'll change the numbers to text on Monday too, for that added "Ye Olde English" authentic feel LMAO! (i'll post the code up on monday, heading out for the weekend) You think the Rorschach is cool? Just wait till you see what I made! <url>"less likelihood" of getting copyright complaints. However, I do not know how "open source" those watch-face ideas can be considered. ***Imho, you may want to contact the orig font designer. It may be that as long as you give him credit, he'd be fine. Or, maybe offer to put a link to his site, and a blurb about him. I think that font would be a great addition to the AGENT watch. I just want to make sure that all of that great effort that you're putting into the font, gets used. Again, impressive work! :-) U r right, sorry guys. I guess i can wait 1 more week. @kja2ja I and other admire your enthusiasm for the AGENT watch! But, once again: *This Is Not The Correct Place To Ask Continuing Questions*. If you can not wait 6 days for the forums, then maybe go play with the Pebble SDK. PLEASE be considerate of SL, the other backers, and potential backers to allow these comments to concentrate on more general questions. Thanks. It seems like the Rorschach numbers are more alive than what i thought (the curving at the edge and melting at the joint). This is what I got in excel. <url>"we are also working on one or two non-developer enhancements. We'll have some commitments a bit later this week--and as pledges continue to grow we'll be able to commit to doing more with those additional funds too." Any exciting news about this? Thx @Dino I have both installed (2010 and 2012), and I can say that you can create and develop .NET Micro framework projects in 2010 - (with that said, I'm using the premium product, but AFAIK the express SKU should be ok as well). Just be sure to install the SDK and it should all work. Techy question - After several days of trying to install Visual Studio 2012, I've discovered that it's not compatible with Vista. So, I can only have Visual C# 2010 Express - will that allow me to play with the watch face projects and create my own (if I get my head round it)? @Robert Shopshear: Check update 1: <url>"what type of glass will be used". There will be AGENT forums soon. Also, imho, first try google. FWIW, *I* also have a number of questions dealing with graphics and .NETMF. But, we have *6* months to develop code before the watches arrive. So, I think that the tech questions can wait another week. :-) Thanks. :-) Its looks really bad though, it doesn't automatically clear the text behind it. Its like painting onto a wall. You need to clear the pixels first. It doesn't crash. You can write text over and over on the same part of the screen. Can the numbers or letters overlap (like they all just stay white) or the code gonna crash? I have saw lot of videos you guys post on here but all seem to miss the moment when things on top of each other. I suppose, if you are trying to go the "least code" route: create a custom stylized digital font, make a single bitmap background, and write the text on top of it. Make sure that the character endpoints are flush with the background. @Robert Yes, but a key part of the face is that the lines join seamlessly between the characters (which are different sized, and on a different row). I'm suggesting to use a font for the numbers, but draw the lines between the end points of the characters to have the intended "Rorschach" effect. Right now I'm considering all the possibilities and find the easiest route and less coding. Creating a font seems like also a good way to go. I'm currently looking for apps or software to help creating font to the exact size. Another route that could be taken with the Rorschach face would be to consider creating a font, and then drawing letter by letter in targeted areas. I can only imagine how expensive other solutions would be for the platform... Using the sample project from AGENT, call _bitmap.DrawLine( Thx, Jeff, you know any helpful links for the dynamically draw lines? I wanna learn and do it. I suppose you could use GIFs, but that is still a lot of drawing and memory. I don't know how much memory we have to play with, but I imagine that having 720 bitmaps would take a chunk of it. I suggest the dynamic route :) You'd either have to have bitmaps for each possible time, or dynamically draw lines between the numbers. If you were to dynamically draw the lines, I would suggest you map out the points that you want the lines to start for each number and hardcode them, so that theres less processing required when determine where lines go. This way, you can make the lines be dynamic, based on which points the lines can be drawn to/from. @Jeff Lefebvre: Is it possible to do font like this <url>"technically" hard. But, I don't know if that will be done by someone doing a free app (more work that I desire :-). Or, it that is something that would be done by a low-cost paid app. On my tablets, I use a low-cost app to get good support a better NEMA bluetooth GPS (has an ~18+hr usage battery). IMHO, one of the most useful paid app that I've bought. :-) @Jordan Thanks for the heads-up! I switched my pledge :o) @creator...In the event that the technology improves in a year or so after I get the watch, is there a way to update the watch software? @creator...I like the idea of showing a light map over the world similar to what Tissot offered with their High T watches a decade ago. I can easily see that being my home screen and that's why I am a proud backer. Can't wait to get one of these. I may have missed this in all the information, but will the watch have a stop watch capability to measure amount of time elapsed and to do a count down function? @creator: on the topic of time sync, have two requests: 1) When syncing to the smart phone, is it possible to support phone time *AND* an NTP server? 2) any chance you can support GPS sourced time from a Bluetooth GPS? I ask for #1, because my phone, while synchronized to the carrier still can end up being 1-3 minutes off, and there are scenarios where I want my watch to have higher accuracy. As for 2, it would be a nice fallback for high accuracy time, especially in scenarios like @Dude is talking about, when you can't have the cellphone... Alternately, can you have a way for 3rd party apps to adjust the time set on the watch, and we can handle both of these scenarios? :) @creator That's good news! I agree that the AGENT is great with a smart-watch. But, not all users will have one. On a business trip, some visiting companies don't allow any personal phone, or any phone at all inside. My companies prohibit any non-company apps on a company phone (security risk). It's good to know that AGENT would still be fine in case someone didn't have their own phone/tablet etc, and the person forgot to charge it. Some business trips can have very long tiring days. Forgetting to charge a smart phone at night isn't "unheard of". :-) Thanks again for the *great* support and updates! @creator A new question. :-) If someone doesn't have a smartphone, how will they set the time and date? Will there be a predefined API developers will call? Or, are we going to have 10,000 different ways that a user can set the time on the watch (and each watch-face would/should implement that function)? :-) @DeMario Vitalis >I would like to see the time in other countries I have a general 3 field watch-face. My goal/desire is to allow many things in the top and bottom fields. One such thing is a different time-zone. The "base time", be it auto adjusting for location, or fixed, will always be in the center. My desire is to have a quick, easy to read, professional watch-face. Seems like you and I have similar desires. :-) When the forums get up and running, I'll ask for suggestions. Yours has been noted. Yes, my watch-face, like *many* others, will be free. Screenshot: <url>"world time"? And will it automatically adjust when I change time zones? I do a lot of traveling for work and I would like to see the time in other countries as well as have the watch adjust for time zones when I travel. Totally agree with Steve Bulgin comment on the retweet and share on FB, let's move it people ! @Mike, look at the main page, there are 2 light sensors @Secret Labs - does agent have a light sensor. This could help to trigger backlight to come on at night time when needed. And if the screen has adjustable brightness could help with outside conditions. Luke, crikey, that's all this project needs - another bloody ocker with a kangaroo loose in his top paddock! Why don't ya piss off back to the pub :)) That Windows logo face looks like something I might like to wear on video or around campus in Redmond :D Tons of great ideas here. I'm really excited to see everything (especially the community of developers) come together. @Steve Bulgin Thanks for the image. I now see that I pasted the same tinypic link as before. So indeed you still saw anit-aliasing. And thanks everyone (@Creator, Stephen Ho, Roberet Chartier, Jeff Levefebre) for the positive feedback. I will try to make it better when the SDK is released. Unfortunately I'm gonna have to cancel my pledge. Fortunately, for one of you, one of the very early $129 spots is going to open up. Just to make it fair, I'll open up the slot at 9:45AM EST tomorrow. Enjoy. @Roma - Streuth, you're a bit narky aren't ya, mate? What emu crawled into your kangaroo's pouch, cobber? :-P Dino and Steve, I see you're from the UK and Canada respectively. So with me being an Aussie, we've got those bloody SL/HoH Yanks surrounded and there's no escaping if they don't come good, fair dinkum :) @Roma - I remember how difficult your relationship with Pebble got at the end, so I'm not surprised you've studied this carefully. That the team here has convinced you is credit to them and their product - just look at the number of working watch faces already, something which didn't happen till very late with Pebble. I look forward to making you jealous in December whilst you're still waiting for your watch ;-) @Roma - Welcome to the community! It will be great seeing your feedback and input once Secret Labs creates the forums. Judging by my experience with the Netduino products, I'm sure you will be more than pleased. Creator (and Dino), you've convinced me. Just pledged for an Agent. Thank you. Great Job @Creators I wish I was closer to NYC. Would've loved to see the watches and the dev tools. Will be waiting for the video. @Jeroen loving the windows design! @Erik How was the open house? Good turnout? Any tidbits about the SDK? We need the juicy details! @Robert -- Just showed the HoH face to Chris and Lawrence. You've got some fans with that one! (The open house is still going!) Dino, we take the risk when we pledge our money and the campaign closes. So "was Pebble really a risk"? Yes. Did it pay off for you? Yes. Might it not have paid off? Yes. Agent is comparable with Pebble in that both are smartwatches and both launched on Kickstarter. I know there are many other aspects which are not comparable and seem to be in Agent's favour. But what we can't compare is Agent's post-campaign performance with Pebble's and we can only do that after we take the risk. Yes, caveat emptor applies and this buyer is beware! (but yet-undecided). Got bored, created a House of Horology face based on the logo... <url>"notification center" data array that we can pull from? For example, an App ID, and the message, stored in a dynamic array for applications or watch faces to access? I would love nothing more than to see the AGENT hit $1MM plus. But to do so it will take a consolidated effort from all of us. For starters I see 4922 backers at the moment, but there are only 470 Likes/followers on the Facebook page and 252 Twitter followers. Which means there is only a small fraction of us spreading the news about the AGENT smartwatch via social media. Lets take a look at the numbers. The average number of Facebook friends people have is 190, and Twitter is roughly the same amount. Assuming all backers have both a Facebook and Twitter account, that's a whooping potential of 1,870,360 new people that we can collectively reach! Many of us are also developers and are connected to various user groups. Why not let those communities know about the fantastic possibilities of the AGENT watch and how fun and easy it will be to develop their very own watch apps. And for the active folk out there, how many of us know a runner, golfer, cyclist, that could use such an awesome smartwatch? So lets connect, share, and get the message out there. Facebook: <url>~week, the project will fall a little short (by ~$50K) of ~1M. Who else wants to see a video of Erick's Space Station Watch-face App on the Main Kickstarter Page? :-) @Dino: That site is great! I'll have to figure out how to do that "Squared" face with AGENT! I was looking at some optical illusions recently and wondered what they would look like on the AGENT's memory display. These screens really don't serve any purpose other than pure amusement. There are a few other's I plan on doing, and perhaps I'll post something in the AGENT APP store's free section. Though I guess we need to reach $1MM in funding to see an App store. So let's get some more backers involved. Spread the word fellow backers! Optical Illusions - <url>"0" on hours to avoid spacing issues; or I can make a slightly smaller font, but I think I like it better without the 0: <url>{concept borrowed from the Sony SmartWatch}: Code: <url>#!s0dyTS6B!JJ4Fln3isLLsFfttf5hakzu0EcMA6mFO2oP-PzaxM6Y Screenshot: <url>"I'll be starting my vacation at week 30". Personally I've never liked it, and I usually have to check online what week it is because I don't keep track of it in my mind. That's why I'll definately show the week number on my watchface. However, weeks are counted differently in different countries. Most European countries use the 7-day week according to ISO 8601 but for example the USA uses a week system where the first day of the week is a Sunday compared to Monday in the standard. It would be useful to have the week calculation with an enum for which type is wanted that can be used to update the week accordingly. We can always do it ourselves but it feels like a good API function. @Dino, I like the futura weather and the moontiles as well. Nice site for inspiration. It would be cool to have a colour screen then watch face could even match stitching on band. Similar to the HoH faces. For anyone looking for inspiration for a watch face, have a look at mypebblefaces.com. Need a bit of a tweak due to layout etc, but some great ideas. Personally, I think ones like Modern or Maurice off the first page will be great for Agent, as they're faces you could have in a business meeting or posh night out and have something which looked like an expensive designer watch, but still have the added advantage of subtle notifications of important calls/messages etc. They're less suited to Pebble, as it'd be weird having a formal watch face on a bright orange plastic watch. Wonder if it'd be possible to have a HoH style face on the Agent, since the watch body is so similar? Since they're involved, I wonder if they're designing one for it... @secretlabs Good to hear! So after implementing button event handling and such, in a clean and abstracted way, it would be good if the API included the ability for Faces to either simply subscribe to an event, or as part of the interface implementation; and not have to wire up all the button event goop on our own. I created a face which you can toggle the day of week shown at the bottom of the screen by pressing any button.. Pretty useful IMHO. I will save the rest of my SDK feedback when that time comes around... :) @SL/HoH -- It would be neat if, when building a face and subscribing for timer events ever 1-minute, the button press would accelerate this timer for us for the recommended amount of time (60 seconds via @Kueh). Overkill probably but it saves me from keeping 2 timers or updating one timer to switch from standard to turbo and back. :) @secretlabs Are you expecting to be able to have some sort of settings for each face? Or would the be fixed? For example being able to turn on or off specific elements, 12 vs 24 hour for a single face, etc.. @secretlabs - I can see them being like ringtones, you only have one active at any time, but might switch between a few every so often, a practical limit of maybe 10 would suffice. A lunar style watch face, where the minutes revolve around the time... Screen shot here: <url>"second" animation for a minute duration with just one button press. @Erik Noren - What a great idea! I love the entire concept. I can't wait to put that on my AGENT. I did a new version of the orbit watch face. This one uses 2 image resources - an asteroid and a non-infringing orbiting space station. I took the comment about updating the power use by constantly drawing updates every second to heart. This version doesn't update every second. Instead you press the watch button and the non-infringing space station fires at the asteroid. The resulting debris animates to where the current seconds and off the screen. This was a quick attempt to try making images, animating them and using the button. It might not be as polished looking as some of the others but darn it, I'm proud of it! Video: <url>"seconds" component of the current time.) Thanks for that! Can't wait. There are lots of comments on here, and I've tried looking through different places. I'm wondering though if we will be able to choose our watch band colour? Thanks and can't wait to see the final product from what looks to be a great piece of kit - which is compatible with Windows Phone! Will the watch battery degrade faster if you leave your watch on the charger every night? Thanks for the answer of being able to hold on to a few notifications! Hopefully, it will be as many as possible. cheers @SL + HH thanks for the reassurance that everything is still as planned. You are currently doing a great job in keeping the communication lines open, and have managed to integrate your backers very well! Please continue doing this. I also admire products of outstanding quality, and so far your words, photos, and video have done well. I salute you! @lumar, While indeed out of the ordinary and eye catching, that thing would give me headaches trying to make sense of the time :) Hi, this watch face design is REALLY out of the ordinary, eye catching while still being very easy to read (once you know the trick): <url>"thread sleep" for 1/4 sec (250ms). My code does a *quick* check of value of the "current second" and "previous second", and either sleeps or does the update. IMHO, 200ms is better to prevent any noticeable visual update "jitter". I do mostly hard real-time C coding. My style and coding reflects that. :-) I can tell you're an experienced, and very good, C# coder! :-) I can't wait until we get the real watches, and I can do some simple battery-life benchmarks. IMHO, I see 2+ days, 7+ days, 2++ weeks, as the targets for watch-faces. My person target is 2+ days while being used. I'll possibly use the accelerometer to enable the per second update. @Dude Thanks for the tip on the 8bit vs 1bit display! Also, the timer set to 1 second was just for demo purposes, totally agree that it should be set to a pretty low frequency (60 seconds). I plan on refactoring the code to avoid the use of events, and use an interface instead. A more simplistic approach IMHO... @Robert Chartier about 12 hours ago >project for prototyping watch faces Very Cool! THANKS!! BTW, the Mario watch-face has 8-bits per pixel. The AGENT has a 1-bit black/white display. I'm sure some future generation very low power display will have gray-scale. As for the display updating every second, my guess is that (depending on the watch-face, and coding :-) the AGENT would still have *days* on a charge. As Erik and I chatted about, there are many ways to optimize code. And, there are also many ways to write code that is easy to read and modify, but that uses battery power inefficiently. For example, it's very likely possible to do the spiral watch-face that was referenced (optimized for battery/code), and still have many days of battery life. But, I also see that has a 1-4+ week project. So, maybe it's something that a person writing paid watch-faces may want to do. @Erik Noren The orbital watch face is classic! I'll definitely be using it. I'm too feeling left out, so thinking about writing a nice watch face soon :) @Chris I was wondering after reading some of the threads, will the battery be used more depending on what position my arm is in?? And also does the agent watch automatically apply daylight savings? Thanks again! Tae Latest creation of mine, an *animated* watch face: <url>"WatchFace" class as a base for my designs! Is it possible to make a watchface with fases of the moon and sunrise/sunset times ? @Creator Thanks for the quick reply. Out of curiosity, how many people from secret labs are actually working on the AGENT watch? Regards, Rouven @Karl - that has been mentioned as a possible, together with using the accelerometer - when you lift your arm in the right way to look at the screen, the seconds hand appears. That's similar to how the backlight can be set in a Casio watch. 99% of the time I don't need a seconds hand, so something that brings it up when needed and saves battery the rest of the time would be great. There will be a stopwatch if timing is critical anyway. Yes a clock that updates every minute shouldn't have to worry much about battery usage. It would be great to get some information on how the watch button interface will be. I would definately use a watchface without the arm for the seconds as the default view. When one of the buttons is pressed, the watchface could switch to showing the seconds as well. Guess if it gives better performance on battery usage, a watch face without seconds Would be ok!If you need seconds ....A stopwatch?!? I wonder what the battery usage difference would be if the arm positions for a circular watchface were stored in an array as tuples and fetched instead of calculating the position every second. @Rouven Brandau Same here. 1 hour behind. I guess the reason may be the summer saving time. @Creator If I make a watchface which will do whole screen update 5 times per second, how long will the battery life be? If I can get Visual Studio to work on my PC, I may have a go myself, although having never done any coding it could be a very steep learning curve, so... Do any of you clever people fancy trying to copy an existing classic square analogue watch face? I'm thinking something like a Tag Hueur Monaco - the all black version with the date at 3 o'clock and the seconds as a separate square dial at the bottom. As this also comes with black leather straps with coloured stitching, it could be an interesting twist on a classic. (Obviously don't include the Tag logo :-) ) Hey guys, when I am running all your awesome watchfaces the time is always 1 hour behind, even though my windows time is right. I could add an hour to your code, but I don't think that that's the way to go. My timezone is GMT +2 if it matters. Any suggestions? Cheers. A few more faces here: <url>"very high performance". It's not like the desktop/tablet .NET-framework. .NETMF uses an interpreter instead of a just-in-time compiler. A link that I have handy: <url>"early beta" 3rd party watch-faces on the main page. Imho, showing that the prototype watch is *real and functioning*, and heck it also runs 3rd party watch -faces with ease, will go a long way in convincing people that the AGENT watch is not "vapor-ware". I know that I was also wondering why we never saw a clear video before with a prototype watch running and doing "something". We're cutting it close to meet the $1million dollar funding level before the end. At the rate for the past ~week, we'll fall just short. IMHO, exceeding the $1million dollar funding level is an important psychological level for generating more excitement about the AGENT when it goes into production. It'd make a great headline for future articles: "AGENT watch gets over $1million in funding from Kickstarter!". :-) I see having videos of a *working and running prototype*, especially with 3rd party watch-faces, as a good way to make that happen. :-) Hi, asked this way back when project started and not sure if an eventual answer came that was buried somewhere, so apologies for asking again. Basically, being a Windows Phone user, I hope this watch will allow 'storing of all notifications' on the watch till dismissed, one by one by the user? This will go a long way towards creating a notification centre that sadly, still lacks on this otherwise great phone! Cheers @Dylan @Dude @Tim - It excites me to see people already creating their own custom watch faces, and to think the official SDK and emulator hasn't even been released yet! Well done everyone. @Vincent L - Here's the original page on Mashable, including the article. Unfortunately the comments section seems to be broken, which is unfortunate considering how popular it has been. Perhaps a couple tweets and emails to Mashable will get it fixed. <url>#.UbcURfm-3To I put the code for the BigDigitsWatchFace with the seconds bar on PasteBin here: <url>~2 minutes if there is any watch movement (as detected by the accelerometer). I wanted to share some of the work I've done to the pixel watch face I made. <url>"gate line". <url>"bitmap", it gets very involved. I know that with the analog watch-face I showed, the textual time display is not starting on a byte or long-word boundary. So, the processor has to do extra memory reads/masks/writes for each line of that time text display. People also often use .NET/.NETMF functions without concern for the low-level assembler code required. To be fair, that is one of the major reasons for using C#, OOP, etc. :-) Still, *IMHO*, with the very efficient AGENT, and with most people will recharge their watch every week(or sooner), I don't think that it's required to go crazy about optimizing code. :-) I want to have a good example of optimized code, so that people can use it as a reference. However, it gets hard since I don't know the real battery costs of display functions and the interpreted code. Dude: *Impatiently* waiting for my Display adapter boards for my Netduino..... :-) @Tim Chaffee -- I think the comment was back in the first few hundred comments near the beginning of the campaign. My memory says an entire line is updated at once and I think it was the vertical line (I remember thinking it would therefor be cheaper to draw a vertical line that grew by a few pixels each second to denote the seconds component rather than render actual numbers). I'm not 100% sure though - I'm sure someone can chime in soon. If we had the hardware, we could measure the power consumption directly! @Chris I PM'ed you an updated BigDigits watch face, did you have a chance to test it? Would love to see how it looks on the watch if you have any time. Thanks No editing - So the best for minimal refresh would be the vertical bar :) @Erik Noren - very interesting, in the video I have 3 options: 1) Vertical bar for seconds 2) Horizontal bar for seconds 3) Both So the best for minimal refresh would be the horizontal bar? Those are the things that are going to be really good to know. Of course, I really like the idea of keeping the second "hand" off until I turn my wrist to look at it :) Heck I guess you could keep the screen off until you turned your wrist :) A comment a LONG way back in the comments made me think screen writes refreshed an entire line at once on the vertical. I think this means drawing 1 pixel is the same cost as drawing 10 vertical pixels, is this right? I think this means if you're doing multiple new pixels, it's cheaper to do 2 vertical pixels than it is to do 2 horizontal ones in a single draw. I updated to code so it only updates 2 or 4 pixels every second so it is updating very little. I also made a video so those without the code/dev can see it. <url>"Game of Life" watch face, just need to learn have to do animations... As much as I am excited for this awesome watch I am very sad to say I will be dropping my December pledge WITH charger. Anyone that wants to hop on it be ready withing the next 10-15 minutes. If only this project had been done earlier in the year before I moved and had less bills to pay :'( Awesome work Esben and Secret Labs. Looking forward to seeing more watchfaces before the campaign ends. Out of curiousity, have you made any tests with the watch how much the battery usage differs from a watch that updates every minute compared to one that updates 10 times a second? I was thinking that it would be cool with some advanced animated watchfaces to use during holidays and alike as long as the battery isn't affected too much. @Creator, I am sorry but I did not see any specification regarding what is the AGENT's glass? Will it be scratch resistant or not? at what hardness state will it be? Or maybe could be specified to what brand? Thank you very much Regards, Evan Hendra @Esben - I'd seen the response regarding the glass, but as NFC and QR type codes are used more, being able to use your watch rather than dig your phone out will be useful. I understand the NFC issues, but having QR codes on screen would be good. As phones usually have glass screens, I suspect it'd work for anywhere designed to read a phone, so it just needs a way of pulling the information through automatically. I still haven't managed to use Passbook in the UK yet, as most apps are for American companies or others I don't use, but that would put the right code on your lock screen when in the vicinity of the shop using it. I assume there's something similar for Android (Google Now?) and maybe Windows. If Agent could retrieve that, similar to how it would an email notification, then there'd be no need to get your phone out with hands full of bags etc. I look forward to getting my watch for Christmas. :D However, I have a few questions. Can you download apps, etc. directly to the watch, transfer music to watch and play it via Bluetooth from the watch without having to have a mobile as intermediary? @Pete Brown It's great fun and fairly easy (with the help of Google :)) to create watch faces. I'm excited to see which features are in the preview SDK. @Dino - answer from @Creator: @Al_Fonce -- as @Jeroen noted, you could use your watch to display barcodes--but it's up to the scanner as to whether or not it can read codes through glass. This is similar to using a smartphone screen for airport and train check-in; the scanners used by airlines and trains are usually optical instead of laser so that they can read the bar codes successfully. Just seen a tweet from Pebble that someone used their watch to pay at Starbucks. Doesn't say how, but sounds like Starbucks card or even Passbook integration and then reading QR on watch. No pressure then, but... @Chad Bentz Glad to see you here! And thanks for the props :) @Esben I love that you've already created a working watch face, without a watch (or dev board) to play with. That really says a lot about how easy this will be to develop for :) Just fixed a bug in the code in my earlier post, the link is the same. Here is the same watch face without the somewhat buggy button implementation: <url>"_buttonPressed = true;" and shoot a video of it being pressed? (Fell free to change the value of "BUTTON_TIMER".) @Erik Noren I will have a look at your notes, thank you for posting. @Creator Thanks for the post, it is great to get a head start, 10 days are long if you are constantly waiting. One thing springs to mind, I love how AGENT has development simplified but will there be room for nosy people like myself to tinker deeper and customize some of the "standardized and simplified" code? (e.g, good example is your note about UpdateTime() being taken care of by the SDK) @Creator - This is fantastic! Thanks Chris. I can't wait to see all of the cool watch faces people are going to start dreaming up. I think I may have a few up my sleeve. :) Thank you for getting us started Esben. And Chris, thank you for enabling us to create. @Esben -- It looks like you can't PM from person to person. I thought maybe it was just the phone app. I dropped my notes here instead. <url>"memory display" and wanted to make sure how we should think when programming, it is really strange how you have to get your mindset to use .Net Micro Framework when you have worked on firmwares before using C and ASM :) @Fadi The display is a memory display. Somewhere below Chris or someone else from the creators said that it is able to refresh only those pixels which have changed so it should be good to your battery :) I'm sure that Chris can give you more explanations ;) @Chris, Does the microprocessor continuously update the display (each loop it sends out the display pixels regardless if they changed or not) or does it send it one and the display latches the values until they are pushed by the microprocessor again in the event of a change? Just thinking about battery usage and life as it'll help me control how far my imagination goes when designing face watches. Thanks @SLHH I'd love to see some more videos for watch faces and even some videos of the watch interfacing with a phone. I know these things are in the video but I just want to see them without all the "video production". @Chris Thank you very much for the video and the coding details, it looks very cool :) One thing I can't seem to get right is fill color for Bitmap.DrawEllipse and Bitmap.Drawrecangle, any pointers? I have tried with "thicknessOutline" and "Gradient", but can't seem to get it right. @Creator/Chris Thank you! I would very much like a short video of it working on the watch :) And I will do something more interesting next time. Any quick notes regarding my sample code? @Dude. As you already seems to have figured out it's because I named my application "AgentAnalogTest", I should have added that as a step in my "guide" :) @Esben YOU ROCK!! BTW, I think you left out one step: Open up the file "Resources.Designer.cs" (in the solution explorer under "Resources.resx) and change the namespace from "MFWindowApplication1" (or what ever :) to "AgentAnalogTest" Thanks Again! VERY COOL! :-) You can never put up too many videos or photos of the device. If you think something looks cool, throw it up on facebook, we'd all love to see more. @Esben Thanks or sharing. As a hobby C# programmer, I could not wait for the preview SDK. Here is my first AGENT watchface (kind of :)). Visual Studio Express 2012 for Windows Desktop: "File" --> "New Project" --> "Installed, Templates, Visual C#, Micro Framework, Windows Application" --> "OK". Replace contents of "Program.cs" with: <url>"F5", enjoy :) I had a lot of fun trying to figure this out and I really look forward to SDK and all the hours of coding for my AGENT! @BAN - The video is working, I have just tested. I guess you are using MS Internet Explorer. Sometimes the Adobe Flash Player just gone AWOL. You need to close all IE instance and go to the task manager and stop the FlashPlayerPlugin_XXXX then restart IE. Hope this helps. is it me or is something wrong with the promotional video on homepage here in the UK, i wont start for some reason, thought id shout out just incase Kickstarter-edition" engraving is a nice touch, it would give the backers something to talk about when the watch goes mainstream. Also, would you allow us to add an additional strap? A background task feature would be even better for sure! I was just under the impression that there could be only a foreground app running. It was just an example of an app that would be in need of such a periodic scheduled task. Good to hear that the watch will handle the time ;) Thanks again I have a question about the API. Will apps be able to handle the Bluetooth connection themselves or is the connected device a global system setting? Hoping on the first as that would be much more convenient for using different bluetooth devices. One example for the battery aware user would be a global internet time-sync app that would simply set up a connection, retrieve the time and shut down. This could be done manually now and then. And then the follow-up question: Will there be a app scheduler? In this example the user could tell the scheduler to run the time-sync app every 24 hours and the app would then run fast and then shut down. In this case, it would also be good if there was an "app stack" so that when a scheduled app is done it would return to the app that it stole focus from. Hope I made sense! Creators, I am a $1 pledger for Agent and had intended to up it for a watch. My bitter experience with Pebble drove me to look at alternatives and I committed to a VEA Buddy before yours came along. Long term, I will be buying an Apple watch and I have now decided I can't justify buying a 3rd one now. You are off to a great start and I wish you all the best. Please don't "do a Pebble". Don't overpromise, spin, lie, not communicate or fail to support your backers. Regards, Peter Cartwright This user's account has been deleted. @Creators/Chris Thanks for the answer. Too bad that it does not work yet but it could still come, MS is working on unifiying their devices so Windows (Phone) will more and more be one single OS (of course with device specific capabilities) and maybe one day background agents will also get BT capabilities. It would be a nice feature to use as dev so let's pray every time before going to bed :) @Andrew +1 Any word on the Kickstarter watches and if they will have any Kickstarter marking on them? I know you were thinking about something like that. It would be cool! @Swisscrow, It'll be anti-scratch grade glass as far as I understood, Sapphire has issues with the antenna and they are working on seeing if it is a possible/viable option or not. @Chris Since you have a L920, did you already try if the agent works with a background agent on WP8? I'm very interested if that works because that would also change the use cases of the AGENT. Should it not work, then I will still use my AGENT so no fear that I would cancel my pledge only because of that little thing ^.^ If you could, please try out if a background agent can send data over BT to the agent, ok? Hi. Will the glass be anti-scratch, gorilla or sapphire based to protect it from daily use? Thanks. So exciting product we have here. I have a question about the heart rate monitoring. How does this watch monitor your heart rate? Is a strap around your chest still part of heart rate or does this watch have mio technology were there's a light that reads your pulse aroun your wrist. Thanks guys can't wait to see this project funded. @Jeroen: I fully understand what you are saying, but I do have an app one my phone that stores my loyalty cards and I just need to scan my phone when I need it instead of opening my wallet. This being said, it is far from perfect since sometimes the scanner do not achieve to scan the screen at all. Just 2 quick questions. 1. Is it possible to put nfc to the watch? I think the nfc is very convenient when I pair my phone to BH-940 headset. 2. Can I control music from AGENT while listen to the music from BH-940 bluetooth headset? If anyone is still looking at an alternative charger, the Vu charger from Tylt has just opened a new pledge level on KS of $49 plus a lower shipping cost for international backers. @Al_Fonce In my opinion that depends on the kind of scanner you use and not on the Agent. A laser scanner will not work because of teh reflection of the glass. An image or camera-based reader will probably do the trick. @Creator: just a wild idea may be, but have you tried to scan a barecode and a qrcode from the watch display? I'm sure you understand the kind of app I have in mind ;-) May I know how is the back of the watch mounted? Is it going to be using screw or nut & bolt or something else? What is the news on Caledos Runner? @Pete Brown tweeting about this got me to become a backer, give this man some props Im always game for new tech! Oh well... This user's account has been deleted. Hey guys, have you checked this new lithium solid state battery? <url>m sure much much more. I dont know about the rest of our growing community, but I would love to see us hit well beyond the $1mm mark and unlock the full potential of the AGENT smartwatch. So what can we do? For starters tell everyone, and I mean everyone. If youre taking a bus, the people next to should be converted Agents by the time you get off. Your work mates should be sick of you talking about it. Your Facebook and Twitter feeds should be full of AGENT links and articles. Theres also plenty of fathers out there that Im sure would love to find out someone pledged for an AGENT on their behalf as a Fathers Day gift (btw June 16th is Fathers Day). I would love to hear some more ideas on how we can spread the word, and what others are doing. $1.5mm here we come!!  Facebook - <url>"At $1mm in funding, we'll also be able to open up an app store" We need to keep spreading the word around to reach this goal and well over !!! @Ryan Sweet +1 I have to say. I think once this Kickstarter comes to an end I think I will be equally as excited for your process updates, and showing us things like package design, watch assembly. EVERYTHING, as I am for my December final package. @Creator: Thank you. I think I can make that all work in my plans. Do I read it correctly that we'll be able to provide that background agent for dealing with notifications? Or will that be entirely provided by you? I'm getting excited for the SDK, so I can start working on all of this! I'm already starting to put the skeleton together for the WinPhone side of things. :) @CK >What is the Bluetooth LE consumption? That's actually a *very complex and involved* topic. :-) Similar to why Win8 with a Haswell or Bay Trail processor is far superior to iOS or Android with any ARM when it comes to battery usage. So, I'll do some hand waving. :-) From: <url>"stretch goal" of sorts depending on the funding level. Expect more information on that once the watch design and materials have made it through the time consuming process of testing and certification and have moved to the manufacturing side of the schedule. I expect that's when a lot of the software extras, hack nights, etc. will start popping up. The email notifications, etc. don't appear to come from the companion app, that's a feature of your phone once the watch has connected and subscribed to specific Bluetooth profiles. In the case the phone OS doesn't support something, Creator said they might have to supplement this with a "power tools" type application but that's still in the idea stage. As for extending the companion app, I don't know if that's the route they were planning. I think at different times "companion app" has been used to mean "the companion app" which loads watch faces, etc. and "a companion app" which would be a specific-focused app to work with the watch in some way. This is probably another one of those things that will be more detailed down the road and might change based on user feedback, funding levels, etc. @Erik Agreed, the conversation got mixed up. I was talking about the delivery mechanism. @creator A few questions about the companion app. How can the companion app be extended, like support for pushing custom data other than weather, watch faces, email? At the OS level how will the companion app keep running in the background in WP8 and iOS as I believe they don't support true multi-tasking yet. Also how do is the companion app going to install paid watch apps and how will the payment model work, will the respective app stores take a cut? @Erik @Dino Good points on wifi. I've been thinking about it and haven't come across a killer use case for wifi. @Dino +1 @Srihari Paulsamy, @Dude. -- I wonder if we're mixing terms. I think of a box as a functional, reusable place to keep the watch when I'm not wearing it because I'm going out with a different watch or whatever. I wonder if others are thinking of it only as a delivery mechanism which should then be thrown away. This is based on the statement that the Pebble box was good. Maybe I got a different box but my Pebble arrived in a cardboard box with plastic insert and once I opened it, was basically unusable again. It was a pure delivery mechanism, not an accessory for holding the watch for later travel, storage, etc. @Dude I'm sure they are looking into the packaging and it should be nice. Though things like the glass material, straps, charger, etc. should be given more priority. re wifi - what do people think they could use it for? It might allow the weather data to update when not paired with your watch but on known wifi, but how often is that likely to happen? Emails were mentioned before, but they won't be pulled into the watch - they'll come to the phone and the phone will notify the watch. It's basically the notification information in iOS or Android being sent to the watch as well as the phone screen. I'm struggling to see what wifi would give without developing apps for the watch which didn't need the phone, but I don't think that's the idea. Personally, I'd rather not pay the extra and have better battery life unless someone can convince of some killer apps which would only work with it. @Kevin Duke -- More than battery life, there's the need to add another network stack which would greatly increase the size of AGENT OS reducing the remaining space for applications. There's also the complication of security of WiFi - I presume most networks aren't open and anymore. How do you input the WiFi password without an input device? The usability here is very poor. Creator has said the watch can run apps and will work great as a watch with enhanced functionality on its own but it would work best when paired with a compatible phone. I really think this is the best path to success for the project to cover the majority use case. As WiFi transceivers become more power efficient and the hardware smaller, etc., maybe then they could revisit. For now I just don't see how it would add much value. Indeed I think it would reduce value by killing the battery and making the watch bigger and heavier. @Srihari Paulsamy >the HoH watch box, its quite big and likely not suitable for international shipping. A functional box may be cheap, but you don't see successful products shipping in cheap boxes. It's all part of the user/buyer experience. Also, imho, the AGENT price point is very suited for gifts. The AGENT isn't a cheap low-end watch. Again, maybe there can be an option? Although, for the extra ?$5? for international shipping, I'd think that people would want a package and box that makes them happy and proud when the first see it. First impressions are important - especially for a consumer product. :-) I'm sure that SL & HoH will look at the options. Wifi would be kind of neat if there is no smart phone available but like Creator said, battery life would be much shorter. There could be an implementation where the watch only briefly connects to the internet via wifi in an interval of 15 seconds to pull weather data, email, etc. I wonder how batterylife would be like then. @Dude I've seen the HoH watch box, its quite big and likely not suitable for international shipping. Also I prefer to see a functional box like the Pebble and rather use the extra funds for making the watch and accessories better. @MightySquid -- It looks like AGENT is similar in size and shape to the House of Horology Bedlam watch. If you do a search for that, you can find a few photos of women wearing that watch. I found this article with a couple images doing that. <url>"we looked at WiFi, but the standby mode current of ultra-low-power WiFi chips would reduce our battery life to just 2-3 days. And while we could create a power-user mode which powered up WiFi that means it would only be usable by a small number of applications for short periods of time. And you'd have to enter the WiFi passcode for every new network you came across, presumably via a Bluetooth-connected smartphone with an onscreen keyboard. Overall, not a very pleasant user experience. Smartphones generally have a constant connection to the Internet which we can leverage to provide consistent data access on our wrists. Power consumption of new WiFi chipsets will continue to drop further, and we have a full TCP stack available which we can plug straight into AGENT OS. Over time we can look at providing even more ways to connect your smartwatch to your data." I know it's really hard to keep up with the comments given how active this project is. This is either a truly global project or there are a bunch of North American companies with a lot of lost productivity! ;-) @Alper Torun Yeah nice idea with the map. I don't know but I think ther could be a statistic in kickstarter itself for the owners of the campain oh which you can see where the bakers come from? A screenshot of such a map would be enough i think :-) Can you provide some pictures of the watch on a women to judge size? @Creator >agreed, premium packaging adds a lot to a product. That's great to hear. It keeps getting better and better. :-) @Creator -- I got some ideas to share. Hope they are feasible :) 1) If you achieve 1mio milestone, could you add wifi to your design? is there any options? I bet most of the backers can pledge another 50-70$ for wifi connection. (I am not sure if it has asked before. If so, sorry) 2) Could you prepare a list (maybe a google map) for the backers adresses (only cities)? It will be nice to see the backers distribution and to know that how many backers are from Istanbul? @Creater -- Thanks for reply. I want to check incoming call via smartphone, incoming e-mail via tablet, and battery alart from both smartphone and tablet -- on single AGENT. I hope I can do it soon. Can AGENT work with multiple smartdevices at once? For example, one smartphone (voice/SMS only contract) and one tablet (data only contract). How about a real/nice watch box?? :-) Similar to the watch boxes that HoH offers for their other watches? <url>"Functional", but not "appealing" at all. <url>"favorite contact theme" and since you are a big fan of WP8 like many of us here, I would suggest to leverage the "Group" function where I can easily flip through groups, drill down in a group and then select a person to call. Easy drill down/click from one button. I know that would only for WP8 until other OS catch up ;-) @creator, It would be a good idea for your weather app to have windchill/humidity (feels like) adjustments for people in parts of the world where it makes a difference to what you'll wear. If the weather app doesn't tell me what the temperature 'feels like' with windchill in the wintertime I won't end up using it. (Canada) Ok, next question or you @Creator : Is there any mechanisms planned for multiple apps on the watch to talk to each other? Say for instance a watchface and a richly interactive app? I also see some scenarios around modular applications with shared data... @Creators - Will I be able to use a Bluetooth headset or Bluetooth speakerphone with the watch? This way the watch could have a speaker and mic for app usage :) and still be waterproof and the quality of the speaker/mic is up to what the end user wants to buy. Agree with favourite contacts idea For a dial from watch feature, would it be easier to have an app which just stored say 5 favourite contacts? Trying to scroll through hundreds on a watch might be tricky, but a smaller, user defined selection might mean a reasonable interface. Yes. I am using headphones when I am walking so I would just dial or choose a favourite contact via Agent interface. No need to take phone out of my pocket :) @Roman You mean start a call from the AGENT? Yes, that would be surely helpful if you are walking somewhere in the world and want to call someone so you don't have to get your phone Mirco - i was interested in that feature as well. Hopefully there will be an app for that :D @Creators Thanks for the answer, sounds nice. I'm sure there's a wide range of things we can do with the AGENT so I'm glad I backed it (such a nice project and you are also very lively regarding comments, that's something which you do not find everywhere) I'm also sure that I will try to lay my hands on developing AGENT apps as soon as I can (only 2 weeks to go until the SDK ;) ) @Chris I have btw a L920 and before I had a HTC8X (but only for 2,5 months, then my Lumia came). It's a awesome device and I'm very happy with it ;) I wonder if these two scenarios would be possible (I'm not so used with the technical things about BT so please excuse if it's rather dumb, what I'm asking) 1) Could it be possible, if I have a BT Headset (or any normal cable headset) and my Agent, that I can search through my address book on the phone and dial a number from it like it's possible in cars? From the Protocol it may be possible but due to the capabilities of the AGENT, it could be rather a hard thing 2) Is it possible to search through my music over BT and at least start the playback? When I connect my Lumia to our car, the Music automatically begins to play so that should be possible (It would reduce the need to get my phone out of the pocket even more, when I can do a few things from my AGENT) Thanks already for your answers, even without those two features the AGENT will be very nice but why not use what's possible without having more complicated features (at least the music thing should be possible from the already implemented protocol, I don't think that cars have another one only for that :) ) +1 for paying a premium for sapphire, if feasible (I've read the explanations, no response required) and +1 for brown strap. Plus, the nerd in me needs a light saber and/or air guitar sound simulator using the accelerometer. @Creator my question below but first, super impressed about the watch concept and how involved you are in replying to messages. I hope you can continue that after funding run is over with regular updates (hopefully bi-monthly or at least monthly). Sorry to bring up the sapphire question again, however if you say its going to cost about 35 bucks per watch (1/3 of 100, rounded) I just spent 214 at my pledge level and would be happy to pay the difference for the sapphire especially when you are marketing this watch as a more upmarket smart watch than what is currently available. It would also better accompany the bedlam range from HH. Having said that it would depend on what material you end up choosing for the body, Sapphire on plastic probably wont gel very well. So is there any chance we can open up the issue for discussion? @Creator, Thank you! that opens up a lot of scenarios I was concerned about. Now I just have to worry about how much of the geofencing to handle myself, and how much I'll be able to offload. Yeah, I'm still playing with exactly which all of several adventures I want to support, but I've got a pretty long list of ideas to play with.. :) @Creator, quick question for you, perhaps I missed this elsewhere in the thread, but.. How much flexibility will smartphone apps have in talking to the core agent software? Since it appears that they can't wake up specific apps on the watch, I'm trying to figure out if the majority my scenarios can be handled by the default software. Specifically, I'm looking at using the watch as a subtle/stealthy "background" notification in an aggressive geofencing situation, to let you know as you cross any one of a number of fences. @Creator How can I pledge for 2 or more AGENT watches? @N.H. That is interesting, if the guys can get Sapphire into the agent, that would be an amazing selling point. I have always destroyed my watches by scratching the lens, so having Sapphire on there would make this a killer deal for all of us I think. @Creator Much Appreciated for the quick response. As N.H. stated, the time put into getting back to backer's questions is amazing indeed. Thank you for the efforts. If I have more technical questions I'll shoot away with confidence. @Creator, first let me state that I am very impressed with how often you take the time to respond to your backers. I do want to say that I am a watch enthusiast and have many and I want to correct a statement you made a few posts ago. Sapphire is no longer generally found on $500+ watches. In fact, increasingly you can find $100 watches with Sapphire crystal lenses. Furthermore, recently, a successful Kickstarter project offered an upgrade to Sapphire crystal for $5 more per watch. All that said, I cannot speak to the RF transmissivity of Sapphire as this is not a factor for any of my current watches. I just wanted to dispel the myth that Sapphire crystal lenses are for $500 watches or that expensive an upgrade. Thanks. @Creator Thanks for the explanation. Makes sense, although techies like myself would love to have the option knowing the consequences, but it might not be for everyone. Speaking of specs, what is the expected free space on the hardware for apps and settings, data stored...etc? Thanks @Creator -- About the buttons on the watch. On the prototype they look like ordinary watch buttons. Are they the type of buttons you expect to use on the production watches? The reason I'm asking is because that type of button is not very comfortable if you need to use them a lot. You have to push relatively hard, and there's no tactile feedback (no click) that you pressed hard enough. I'm also not sure of how long they will last on this kind of watch, where the user will probably click a lot more often than on a normal watch. O I hope it's going to have a sapphire glass screen. Gorilla Glass is overrated. Awesome! Looking forward to playing with the SDK then! Agree with @fadi !! @Creator Out of curiosity, why was a Wifi module omitted from the design? It would be nice to have that extra connectivity without any other nearby BT device. With that said, there are battery life implications, which is up to the user to turn on/off as needed. Very nice.thank you ;) I have no idea if it would suit me better to wear a regular or shorter wrist strap. We can still figure that out later when you guys post the sizing and all right Creator? Quick question, would the watch be able to record positive and negative declivity when hicking or skying for example? I guess it would need a way to measure altitude on its own... Also, how hard would it be be for someone who doesn't know anything about coding (as me) to write an app which could do that ? cheers ! Thinking I'd be interested in a smaller strap if you're still gathering numbers :) @Creator, is it possible, for example, to have following scenario: say I have a smartphone and a tablet; I launch a music player on tablet and leave it somewhere near amplifier. So may I at the same time control music playback using watch and receive SMS/calls from my phone to that very watch? Do you think it's could be possible to have SDK and emulator before the end of the campain ? @Steve Bulgin, Thanks. So it isnt a fiddly expandable pin job. It's a simple open up the lugs and replace. Cool. @A Blue - The dimensions of the AGENT watch can be found on the Kickstarter main page. According to the diagram the space between the lugs will allow for 22mm watch straps. There are two easily accessible hex screws that can be used to swap in a different strap. All you need is a 1/16" hex wrench and a couple twists to make the change. I just became a backer and was just thinking about the 3-axis accelerometer. How exact will it be and will it require a lot of battery? Wouldn't a very useful and cool idea be to have some sort of gesture control for your computer? An example would be that you enter the gesture mode by doing a medium sized clockwise circle motion followed by any kind of movement. Together with a service running on your computer that could open up a world of applications. Even games. And when your friends come over and have the same watch, you could even design computer games that utilize the watch that everyone is already wearing. Does that feel doable? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Secret Labs I little scenario I'll unveil once the SDK is released ;) thanks for the reply Could anyone tell me if the Agent music control would work with an iPod touch? Thanks! Will AGENT communicate with a tablet computer in my bag as well as a smart phone in my pockets? So for my newbish understanding; as long as my bluetooth adapter provides a serial port I'll be fine? Might be a silly question but what Bluetooth support does my computer need to have to program for the watch? I'm looking at new laptops and they just list "Bluetooth" as a feature but no version, profiles, etc. I am wondering if the following scenario works. with the smartphone paired to a Bluetooth headset and also the watch. Will I still get incoming call notification going the headset as well as notification going to the watch simultaneously? In Customs eyes everything has a commercial value. If you import goods from outside the EU then the receiver is the legal importer and liable for taxes. Saying these are gifts can be seen as correct however countries have allowance for gifts. In the UK anything valued below 36 can be a gift. Anything above is payable. Customs won't give allowances or special treatment because we say the shipment is from a Kickstarter pledge. I know this because I work in Customs compliance @Michael Hensen: You are completely correct, it's a gift in exchange for your support. Regretfully Customs don't think like that. Gifts can only be given from person to person, not from nor to a company. I do recommend you to inform at your local customs office though; I can only speak for my experience in the Netherlands. Reading the VAT and customs discussions.. I have pledged for my watch, but as I pledged for the watch I haven't bought the watch. I actually invested in a company that wants to build watches. And my pledge is the compensated by a watch as gratitude. So actually it should be marked as 'gift' instead of being bought product.. But perhaps I look wrongly at what kickstarter is?! @A Blue - Good news! As the campaign hasn't finished yet, you can cancel your pledge and get your dollar back. Just go to manage pledge an click the cancel key. Good luck on all those other projects you're backing. @ Dino closer to the shipping time the AGENT makers are welcome to message me for advise on shipping to the EU especially the UK @Chucky Don't feed the fire. Blue is just here to stir things up. He knows by now all the answers to his questions. even though he is "asking the same of every other campaign that I am contributing towards" which is only this one. @Chucky -- Just ignore. He's only backed one project at least under this account. I'm sure we've all got better things to do than pay him any attention. This user's account has been deleted. I know, but before you start thinking that awkward bugger is back, this is just a simple question because I am a bit stupid maybe. Can you please upload a video of the display running through it's functions. Thank You. I am asking the same of every other campaign that I am contributing towards, so do not think that you are being singled out. I think your campaign has been handled really well. Although I would not have berated other campaigns coz that just looks trashy. Thanks Again. @Wayne - As you're the expert in this (don't mean that to sound sarcastic - from what you said your job was, you are) could you drop a more detailed explanation to Agent so that they could include in a FAQ? As I said, the Pebbles only shipped a couple of months ago, but the charges seems to be either nothing or around 25, including the Royal Mail charges. An accurate and correct description could therefore be useful if anyone needs to argue the case with customs and may also help Agent in making sure they get the labels right to avoid problems. Crowd funding at its best if projects can get expert advice. @mirco you should only have to pay 19% of the declared value of the shipment plus any admin fee the carrier in your country charges @Wayne According to your explanations, I only have to pay the 19% VAT thanks to the harmonised EU laws for customs? That would mean the same as I read when I tried to get informations about that what follows when you import something For the pledges of 149usd no duty will be applied as its in a suppressed threshold and UK Customs will use a specific procedure code. EU Customs clearance has been harmonised so this should be across the board. Main part is the declaration label must be filled in correctly with items properly described and if the 'value' includes freight to state that as well Ps. @Creator: it's recommended to include the customers phone# on the envelope. Customs will always try to call the customer if they have any questions about value added taxes. In the Netherlands the process for value added tax is described at <url>150, you'll have to pay sales tax and an administrative fee. Sales tax in the Netherlands is 21% (this can be different for other EU-members) and the administrative fee is 13 (can also be different). Shipping costs are no part of the product value. So, if you have pledged $150+$15 for shipping (~115+11), you'll also have to pay 21% over 115 (18,26), plus 13 for administration, making the total costs for the $150 pledge somewhat around 157.26. Actually, you can roughly change the $ in a  sign ;) @Frank Thanks, that's everything I also read in the web. Based on my calculations, I only would have to pay 19% VAT because the agent is under 150 value (the shipping costs seem not to be apllied to the total value in that case) I will see what the outcome would be when it's december :) @Mirco: It's quite simple: 19% of what you have pledged (Einfuhrumsatzsteuer) plus almost nothing (Zoll). @anyone else from the EU: I'm a backer from germany, so I also live in the EU and have of course to pay tax for the import of my agent. I read your comments here and now I'm unsure I will have to pay. According to a tax calculator I used a few days before to get a first overview in which range the taxes would be, I had around 25 of tax to pay. The tax calculator also demands for "Shipping costs" to the EU and "Shipping costs within the EU". For the first I used the 15$ I added to my pledge and for the second one I used 0. Are there any shipping costs I don't know or are the 15$ all shipping costs I need to pay? I only want to be sure what I have to pay so I can prepare for december, when agent got reality through us :) @creators Very much thanks for your feedback and actions in the comment section and also over pm. It shows us, that you are really interested in your project and gives us safety :) I hope there are lots of other things you want to share with us. I've got a 15,5-16cm wrist, so I think I'll need a small watchstrap. Shorter watchbands would be nice for the women backers - like me. As long as there is a neat way to hold the extra length of the band down, there's probably no need for an extra short band. As long as there is a neat way to hold the extra length of the band down, there's probably no need for an extra short band. I don't think tiny watchstraps are necessary. I got a very small wrist, but normal watchstraps fit easily to it and I never got probs with that. If it's no big deal for you, an option for tiny wrists sure would be nice. But I won't be disappointed, if not. Unless Secret Labs shipped a large container of AGENTS into an EU country and payed the import taxes to release them into free circulation, I'm afraid it will just have to be standard mailing. I doubt a company would pay for import VAT especially when they couldn't reclaim it @Dino don't ever live in france, our tax system would make you nuts! @Roma - absolutely not, but there is also income tax, national insurance on income, fuel duty (both on home heating and vehicle fuel), tax on alcohol, tax on tobacco and a 101 other taxes that the man in the street has to pay. Somehow the rich seem to find ways to pay less tax than most. I'm very proud of our universal health system. I'm slightly less proud of the way we spend money to make other people need a health service just so corporations can get their hands on Iraq's oil, but I suspect we're heading off topic. If there is a legal way which Agent can minimise taxes outside the US eg by an accurate description on the packaging, then I'm sure we'd all be in favour of that. @ Dino I understand the Pebbles were shipped directly from the manufacturer in Hong Kong, it would have then been flown to a large network hub in Europe and forwarded to the UK. Problem could have been with the HK export Customs or the EU gateways Dino, so do the doctors, nurses and administrators in the NHS all work on a voluntary basis to provide UK citizens with the best value-for-money health service in the world? @Wayne - When the Pebbles were arriving in the UK the first few came in ok, then a big delivery at Easter got caught up with everyone having to collect from the Post Office and pay duty plus charges. Mine arrived a couple of weeks later and was delivered without any hold up or charge. It seemed to be quite random despite identical packaging. Be interesting to know what the issue was and if it could be avoided next time. @Erik - VAT in the UK usually goes towards dropping multi-million pound missiles on peasant farmers in far away lands, although that's just my personal view. In England at least, students now will leave a course with about $50k debt as well. So it's not all great. If they could find a way to tax the rain as well, they'd be laughing. It was my understanding VAT goes toward keeping essential goods stabilized in price and contributing to the heightened quality of life many (most?) European countries enjoy. The US might seem to have better prices on some things but it's very easy to be hit with large expenses with little or no choice in the matter. If I had to pay some VAT but /not/ graduate with $100k in student debt, I think I'd be fine with that! Moot point anyway - there's no way SL would try to game the system. Way too much to lose. Remember that this isn't a one-time thing - they have sustained business in many countries! @ creator - hope you take note of Wayne advice when shopping to UK @ Maxime the gift allowance in the UK is 36. Any thing above that is chargeable. They could be breaking the law by under declaring each shipment @Creator/@Wayne - is there a mean to declare the mention "gift" on the paper ? Many peoples use it to avoid extra-fee... @Creator - "Quick question: now that we've announced extra-long watchstraps, we've received a number of requests for shorter watchstraps for petite wrists." As an ectomorph I much prefer "carpally challenged" rather than the term "petite wrists". :) I haven't bought a leather strap in a long time, so I really don't know what size I'll need. When will you post the on-line measuring tape? I almost cut my wrist when I tried to measure with my Stanley Fat Max carpenters tape. ;) @Paul Good Point :) @ Paul , secret labs must declare the goods correctly as electronics. If they just put 'watch' then the clearing agent will assume its a standard analog watch and duty will apply. I understand that some agents will sting for admin fee but for UK mostly the fee will strictly be 20% of the declared value @ Wayne thanks for that what if customs class it as a watch and not electronics dies that change things @Backers from EU You guys should be happy with the current EU system, I lived outside the US for a while in the Middle East, back in the mid-90s They had 100% customs on electronics, you'd buy something for 100, you end up paying 200 for it. In the 2000 and onwards. they changed their electronics customs laws, but in comparison to EU and US it is still high. With that said, it is always a pain to pay more in VAT/Taxes and Customs, so I hear you guys! If SL's import freight into EU then they'll still need to pay customs charges in order to release the goods out of bond @ Paul I'm a UK Customs manager for imports. Electronics are zero rates for duty so it only leave import VAT and if SL's value shipment including freight charges then its only import vat +1 on screwing EU customs... @Wayne Daniells As @Paul said this is the calculated total of the import. @ Wayne it's not just Vat there also import duty and royal mail handling fees too @creator.. A technical questions regarding the Qi charger is the Amps dependent of the input to the charger or the size of the coil in the charger.... I have 2amp wall socket to usb chargers all over the place home, work, mothers etc if I plugged that into the Agents Qi charger will it charge at 2 amp? @ Espen your countries VAT must be very high. It's 20% in UK and 214usd would equate to 42usd plus admin charges +1 for shipping from your Europe this will make many of your international backers happy :-) In anticipation to the release of the preview SDK, is there anything specific we need to get on our machines other than Visual Studio? Only way to kill that anticipation is to do something useful :) @Esben ... +1 :-D @esben yes, I agree!! @Creator + @Roman Shipping from within the EU will personally save me 82 dollars added by customs to my pledged 214 dollars. Crossing my fingers :) btw is there any chance that you will be able to send watches from EU territory for EU backers so they wont have to pay additional taxes/customs duty etc? YES! I originally pledged for the December Version without charger because all with charger were gone and I didn't want to wait longer than needed. But then I saw, that a place in the december version with qi charger got free and I got it!! :D the qi wireless charger, can it be use for phone with qi charging capacity? So is the preview SDK still on track and only 16 days away? ;o) I can't wait to get my hands on it. @Steve Bulgin No worries buddy :) @Dylan Mazurek - Thank you! I think I need to brush up on my WP8 models. I have the Lumia 920, which is my first Windows phone in recent history. As soon as I posted it I had a few people message me about my blunder. :) Sorry for any confusion! @Steve Bulgin The Lumia 820 runs on Windows Phone 8 and have Bluetooth 4.0 support in the chip so everything should be good with it. I own one myself :) @George Moon and @Dylan Mazurek - Chris has mentioned in earlier comments that Windows Phone 7 does not support Bluetooth for phone apps, so theres no way to load apps to the watch or communicate between watch and phone apps. It is possible that you can get caller ID and music control with Windows Phone 7, but officially for Windows Phone youll want Windows Phone 8. @Dylan Mazurek - yes Lumia 820 has the Bluetooth 4.0 in hardware but the software stack from MS is not ready yet. @George Moon - yes the watch will have dual stack Bluetooth, this is Bluetooth classic (3.0) and Bluetooth Low Energy (4.0). So short answer Bluetooth 3.x will be supported and Lumia 820 is good to go. @George Moon I'm quite sure Lumia 820's do infact have Bluetooth 4.0 support. <url>"We will be updating all of our backers via a Kickstarter update at least twice a month ... We're here for you. We do need to make sure we focus on getting watches onto the assembly line and out to backers--so I can't promise responses within the hour--but we won't abandon you. You have my commitment on that." So, ... What happens when you guys hit a million dollars? ;) @Creator, wow, over $800K and still 17 days to go. Congrats... Many a bonus, like a watch case, for all backers would be very generous...@@ @Dino -- My hat goes off to you sir. That's all I'm asking for. Regular updates and a snowflake's chance in hell of one day wearing this damned brilliant thing. And charging it wirelessly :P @Erik Not at all, glad to listen to your Hindi :) @NY - I do agree that Agent should commit to regular updates post-backing. The frustration for backers often comes from ignorance of what is happening. Something like a short update to be issued by 6pm New York time every other Friday, so that everyone knows when to expect it. It's also important that the issues that they will face are explained - we're backers not customers and bad news is better than feeling that things are being hidden. There are lots of lessons from Pebble (and other Kickstarter campaigns) and I really hope Agent is a great example of how to do it. @Maxime - No, I don't believe you'll lose your money, otherwise I wouldn't have backed myself. But, that is the risk with Kickstarter. And whilst there may be a legal obligation for creators to provide something or pay the money back, I suspect it'd be difficult for numerous backers to do that for a few tens of dollars. I have faith in Agent and this isn't necessarily about them, but anyone backing anything on Kickstarter should be aware of what they're doing and the associated risks and potential delays. @Srihari Paulsamy -- Great to meet you too! I hope I didn't talk your ear off. :) I forgot to mention meeting Lawrence too. He was talking about how he got started in the watch business and ideas for moving forward. I've never been good with design so it was interesting to hear his process. He had (all?) the color variations of straps and Bedlam watches there which was really cool to see. I got to try on one of the Bedlam watches and I will definitely need the longer strap. So glad those will be available! @backers I was at the World Science Festival over the weekend. I met Chris, Lawrence and Erik and had a look at the watch and the technology going in. I was mostly interested in the programming part and Chris gave me a demo of the weather app they had built. The weather app listens to push data over blue tooth from the companion app running on the phone. The companion app reads weather from a weather source and builds a 128x128 Bitmap object with icons, text and lines and then sent out and the watch displays the data. We then modified the app to do the traditional Hello World app. Programming is straight forward and since Visual Studio can be used it makes it very nice. Looking forward to the SDK. Thanks for your time and questions Chris and Lawrence and nice to meet you Erik! Ah ok. I was curious because of the one app that displays "connection to phone lost" in the info video and didn't know if the watch would just continue showing that message if there's no connection. Glad to see that's not the case. Erik Noren: +1 @Erik: nice wrap up, you put it into words better than most of us :) The 'public declaration' is all over the comments by showing that they care about every individual backer. There's nothing more we could ask for, is there? @NY et al -- Kickstarter is a crowd funding platform first and foremost. The entire point is to be an early investor to help an idea become realized. But just like any investment type activity, due diligence is required to ensure you are comfortable with whom you are backing. Rewards are a great way to incentivize people to back a project as well as a way to reward them for their trust and patience. A person buying a product from a shop does not have to wait while it undergoes case material testing, wireless certification, etc. They have the benefit of the product being on the market and had no risk in the process of bringing it there. Being a backer might afford you an earlier delivery date than a retail customer. And you could pay less than a retail customer would but if these are your only reasons for backing and you find it intolerable that the product could be delayed, Kickstarter itself might not be the platform for you. I am a long time customer of Secret Labs having used their Netduino line of products in hobby projects. I wrote an open source implementation of LINQ (MicroLinq) for NETMF because I missed that feature. I have seen product announcements and watched with enthusiasm as people got new things and ran with it. I have been a member of their forums and see how often Chris himself posts to answer questions and point people in the right direction. Of ALL the possible things that could be trouble, honest and frequent communication doesn't even enter my mind. My due diligence comes from knowing their work and history in the hardware space. My actual concerns are purely in the wireless certification area because that is a space with which I have no knowledge. Even here I am not terribly concerned after having visited their booth this weekend. Chris was showing off some advanced wireless technology they use in other parts of their business. Knowing their history of professionalism and seeing they have real products which had to undergo certification in the past, it helped ease my concerns that large testing agencies can arbitrarily gum up the works and cause schedules to slip. They know this! They have dealt with it before and have practical experience and knowledge about realistic timelines to get through that process. In the end everyone might back for different reasons. I backed because I wanted to see them be successful in bring this watch to the world. I stay a backer because I hope to have early access to tinker and hopefully help shape the direction of the software before it hits the commercial market. I'm a software developer - that's what I do. That's what I'm interested in. And being a community-focused individual, that's my only real skill to contribute! That and long winded posts. To wrap up - a public declaration to promise to communicate is fun and I'm sure it underscores to the project leaders that it is important to backers in a tangible way but honestly they've not only already said they would be keeping us updated already, they are proving it now, have proved it in their own forums and I'm sure will deliver on this promise. I hope you stick around for the journey. But most importantly I hope you understand the difference between backing and buying. -Erik I feel like the 800 milestone should be some sort of sound device addition. A small speaker, a piezo speaker or even just a buzzer of some sort. I feel like that is the only thing that is lacking for me. But most importantly folks, my message may have got lost in it's lengthy-ness... All I'm asking is that we get regular updates. --- Regular updates --- Am I being unreasonable? @Maxime: the creators are already planning on rolling out a community right after this campaign ends. Till then, they want to centralize all input and feedback so it's available for all (potential) backers at kickstarter. @NY True, but we shouldn't distrust HOH and SL just because some other kickstarters didn't deal with this the right way. However, It is good to realise that this is something that can happen to every kickstarter campaign. What do you think about creat an official Fb group to share AGENT, start working on apps, create forums etc ??? I agree with Bram Ueffing that Secret Labs + House of Horology deserve our good faith, but for the information of Wayne Daniells and Dino, every project creator accepts this responsibility: "If your project is successfully funded, you are required to fulfill all rewards or refund any backer whose reward you do not or cannot fulfill. A failure to do so could result in damage to your reputation or even legal action by your backers." This ain't a charity website for making people's dreams come true. @Wayne & @Dino I agree. It's good to manage expectations by discussing it every now and then. We should not expect the world but at the same time, we can expect the creators to do what's is in their power to deliver on the promises. There are some examples out there where this didn't happen but we have no indication at all that this would be the case here. I think that the Agent guys deserve our good faith. They have put a lot of thought into this whole campaign and are taking a timely delivery into account with every decision they make along the line. That on it's own shows that they have the experience to make this into a success! There is always the risk of being disappointed but that's also what's so exiting about it. We could be one of the first with these watches showing them off to our friends. I'm thrilled about it! This user's account has been deleted. @Dino - so, do you think to pledge AGENT is a mistake ? We will lost our money ? really ? Congrats from me too with the 800K. Hope the $ will not blind you. People should think of Kickstarter in the same way as buying shares in a very risky company. It may come off and you'll have a profit (or a product you could sell at a profit). Alternatively, it could all go wrong and you'll lose your investment. Yes, we all want the reward and we're not giving to a charity, but there is real risk involved. Despite all Pebble's issues, I did eventually get a watch which I sold for a big gain as I'd become disillusioned with the product (crashing, scratching etc). Many are still waiting for their watches, yet the earliest backers were able to make much more profit than I did. If you're happy with the risks, back it. If not, keep an eye on the Agent website and wait until they start 'selling' the watches, at which point you'll get your usual customer protection. Many people have had Pebbles for months yet they're still not available even for the people who pre-ordered let alone anyone wanting one from Amazon etc. That is the potential benefit, but months of waiting and receiving a product with initial bugs is the risk. Congrats on reaching the 800K mark!! @ Creator Congrats on passing another funding milestone @ Bram I guess the idea of crowd funding a project has now become diluted from when it began and if people have any doubts a project might not succeed or fulfil an expectation they shouldn't invest money they can't afford to invest @Wayne Daniells Personally, I would never invest such an amount of money in a technological start-up if there wasn't some sort of payback involved, in the long or short run. As we're not becoming real stakeholders, receiving the watch is the real incentive for me to participate - even if it's not a fully functional product yet and has to be iterated on. We're backers, but also the early adopters. That's a big part of why this is so much fun to be part of. If it weren't for this physical compensation I would not have invested this amount of money, and I doubt many others would. @ FY Long then maybe you should pledge $1 being as Kickstarter isn't a store to buy products. I've pledged $199 to Secret Labs for their project to succeed. If I just wanted a watch of have waited and bought one @Wayne Daniells - yeah, I am with NY. If I just want to be on board to watch the creative idea unfolds, I will pledge $10 at the lowest Tier, maybe even $1, so I can watch the creative ideas. I pledge at $199 to also get the product. @FY Long -- I don't ask much quite honestly, just that they keep open lines of communication. I'm not talking about responding to EVERY comment posted here, though that would be great, but more so if they would post regular updates, i.e. straps came in today, watch-faces have arrived, first 100 units made, etc. If that's too much to ask... Then, I don't even. @Wayne Daniells -- I think you may be slightly mistaken. You may find yourself in a stark minority, there are at least 4,419 backers who are waiting for a physical reward of some description. I agree that SL + HOH have been very good on communication lines, but as with the projects I listed as examples, once the money transfers, the silence begins. @Frank Schmidberger -- I actually have nothing to say to you. I wish you the best in life, good luck. @Bram Ueffing -- Exactly, just please keep us in the loop. I do have faith in them also, I just ask that they publicly promise to keep us up to date. @NY On a more positive note: I do have faith in SL + HOH since they are already in business and dealing with customers on a daily base! @NY To add to your idea: What seems to go wrong in the Pebble campaign is that they don't deal with the requirement of investing time and money in good customer support (even if you look at their job listing right now there seems to be no commitment there). Especially when the volume of pledgers becomes very large some resources should probably be allocated to support. So I'd like to ask @creator - in good faith as well - if this is being considered. @NY: >>The reason I ask this of you is because it's happened before, and I would hate to be a victim of it myself:<< Well, Kickstarter may be the wrong place for you, try Amazon.com @Creator - For the upcoming milestone, Could the reward for International Backers be in the form of insured shipment? This will give some form of assurance that the watch will reach the users or worst case that we do not lose the whole amount pledged should the item be lost in transit. @NY if you read at length this entire comments thread you'll clearly see that communications aren't exact thin on the creators part. Also the nature of Kickstarter is that you are choosing to pledge an amount of money that helps in the growth of a project with the added bonus of gaining a thank you 'gift'. If people want to buy this watch then they should wait until afterwards and acquire it from a shop. I'm just on board to watch this creative process unfold. With the added bonus of a cool watch @Kevin Duke Great idea! @NY understandably you are nervous. I am too. I have supported 6 projects in Kickstarter, all of them delivery in late 2013 and 2014. I also have not seen any successful campaign yet. Out of my 6 projects, 5 are digital games and 3 of them are from reputable developers. There is less risk in digital delivery, but more importantly, is that these projects are not expensive, around $40 max. Agent on the other hand is $199 (+$15 shipping) and I live international so there is the chance of lost in shipment. I am as nervous too and I think that was the reason the backers for January did not increase much. Your suggestion is a good idea although I am not sure what Secret Labs could do to assure us. This is the nature of Kickstarter I guess.. we are pledging in good faith. But yeah, $214 is a very high risk in my book too! - An open letter to the creators of this campaign - Dear Secret Labs + House of Horology, I ask this question with respect and it is asked in good will. Being relatively new to Kickstarter, it has very recently come to my attention that some Kickstarter campaigns start off with all the good vibes and feels and general elation of the public and the campaign creators, but once the clock stops and the money is transferred, some campaign creators drop off the radar and it feels like the money has been obtained in a way which does not feel like the project was in good faith, i.e. we give you money, you give us product when complete. I am asking if you can give the backers on this project a guarantee, a very important one, which is easy to uphold and costs nothing from your end but holds tremendous value to the backers Will you PROMISE TO KEEP THE BACKER COMMUNITY UP-TO-DATE at least on a WEEKLY/FORTNIGHTLY with ANY AND ALL UPDATES, NO MATTER HOW INSIGNIFICANT so we don't go crazy and wonder how it is the community has been swindled again? The reason I ask this of you is because it's happened before, and I would hate to be a victim of it myself: === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === ~ ~ ~ Pebble: E-Paper Watch for iPhone and Android ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ <url>~ ~ ~ - believers about 17 hours ago Pebble, where are my 3 other watches ?? - Rudolf Momjian Pettersen 2 days ago 3 Weeks since I informed you guys that my Pebble lost it's middle button. I have yet to receive an email explaining how you will fix this problem. I'm starting to get seriously irritated here. - gryphonent 3 days ago Where's my red Pebble? Orange and grey are shipping now? I'm still waiting for red!!! ~ ~ ~ Crypteks USB - Inspired Design meets Ultra-Security ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ <url>~ ~ ~ - Dave Fredericks about 3 hours ago <url>~ ~ ~ Mycestro, The Next Generation 3D Mouse ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ <url>~ ~ ~ - Gregory Chase about 3 hours ago Have to agree with Yagami, Nick signed in on May 31st, and really needs to post an update - even if it is not a thorough one. - Yagami Kira 3 days ago "Honestly, I'm kinda pissed on the lack of communication." Well I said this on May 1st and I'm pretty much thinking the same thing again now... - Yagami Kira on May 1 Honestly, I'm kinda pissed on the lack of communication. Please don't let this awesome project end up like Crypteks USB from two years ago. Hell, I'll be damned... === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === So as you can see, this isn't a personal paranoia I have. I just ask, no matter what, you stay in touch with us. Can you promise to stay in touch with us? Kindest regards, A. Kickstarter. @Kevin Duke : +1 !! With the additional funds, it would be super awesome to hire a software developer to just work on apps until release. Imagine 10 - 15 super cool, fleshed out apps right during launch, including "lost phone finder with hot/cold" etc etc :) That is where pebble made a huge mistake, they raised like $10mil and still failed in every way. Well, regardless, Agent will be super awesome! @Erik - Great pics thanks and @creator good to see the progress :-) Will this function as a normal watch if there is no connection to the phone? Like if the phone is turned off or the battery has run out? @Creator So how does the leather watch strap respond to water? Will it hold its own? Or should people who don't like to worry about getting their watch wet get a silicone strap? I posted in the update section but figured I'd cross-post since this thread is more visible. I was at the World Science Festival event this weekend and got a couple pictures and a video of the demo board. I dropped them into a Dropbox folder; I hope that's ok! <url>"do not disturb" offering in software. Hope you can consider having ability to set the time of day & day or even date where it could be switched on/off. Also option where data still get pushed to watch but without the vibrating mode or no data push at all. Hope this will give user the most flexibility. So there's this other smart watch that has time in text form vs numbers which I always thought was pretty awesome. Is that kind of watch face copyrighted or also possible for someone to create for the AGENT? I like leather too but won't leather not hold up too well if it is wet all the time? That's the only reason I would choose silicon rubber. This user's account has been deleted. As shown in your update, there will be support for Chinese. But I just find Traditional Chinese. Is there any chance for Simplified Chinese? English is fine for me. But in view of China market, it would be better to support SC. Will the watch have a do not disturb mode for night time? If not it should, I wouldn't want it vibrating while i sleep if its on my wrist or charging. And if possible it should follow the times that are preset in the settings, for iPhone. However I think that's not possible. I like the brown strap :) I like the idea of the brown watchstraps :) I think I would take one if it would be possible. And what about a forum for the Agent? @ Chris (SLs) will the photos from the world science show be live soon? For those new to .NET programming Microsoft press eBooks are 50% of for teched: <url>#4 thread, that I thought should be shared here as well. Thank you Brandon for the update. I can't wait to see some pictures and hear more about the event. I wish I could have been there, or better yet, have my December watch already :) Brandon Vladimir Hernandez said: I was there for a couple of hours, hanging out with everyone (Erik, good to see you again). I'll be posting some links to photos I took while there, and I think I have a video worth posting. I have to say that after the time I spent there, I am more then happy with this kickstarter. The watch has far more potential then I imagined, and everyone clearly put all their attention into the quality and functionality of the watches. I also got to look at some of the coding that you would do to make an app for the watch, and though I'm still learning about coding, I can say that I can see myself making quite a few apps for the watch after release. And for those wonder, the materials and design of the exterior are beautiful and designed to last. Any plans for another stretch goal? :) I decided to back this project and wait until December instead of buy a pebble, this watch seems better quality, better design, and more innovative. @Steve Bulgin >the link: <url>"limited app size" and "can't invoke 3rd party libraries". I agree for iOS apps, that looks like a *great idea*! For Android, I switched from Java to Basic4android (<url># and take full advantage of the .Net libraries and Xamarin will port your app to all three mobile platforms. Their claim to fame is that, "We bring 100% of the native iOS and Android APIs to C#. Anything you can do in Objective-C or Java, you can do in C# with Xamarin." I have only toyed with Xamarin, so I am hoping that it will be a great solution to make our home grown AGENT watch apps compatible across the same mobile phone platforms that AGENT currently supports. Id hate to see an awesome AGENT app that is only built for iOS or Android and cant be used on my Lumia 920 WP8 phone. @Dude - thanks for that. I'll get downloading and start learning. Think it might be a while before we can develop an app, but when my 7 year old creates the next Angry Birds, I'll raise a glass to you from my yacht! Thanks Dude. I gots some learning to do Opps, I meant Microsoft Visual C# 2012 Step by Step (by Microsoft) @Dino Q: Learning C#, .NET, .NETMF, AGENT programming for self and kids. A: I LOVE the idea of using the the AGENT as a learning tool - LOVE IT! :-) Imagine the satisfaction and pride that will happen when a kid writes a watch app, and gets to use it and show it off. :-) To start, download the FREE Microsoft software that's listed at the bottom of: <url>#d-express-windows-desktop <url>"best/suggested" way of doing graphics optimally on Windows. That's fine, that's not my primary target or goal anyways. :) To Learn: Look on youtube for: C# Introduction <url># 2010 Step by Step (By Microsoft with disk) C# 2010 All-in-One For Dummies Good Luck! Just wanted to say that you have created an awesome product that I am very happy to have backed this it. I love videos and with your Lumia 920 I'm sure you could make some awesome update videos! Even small things like a quick look at the insides of the watch or a trip around your offices would be awesome to see. Once again thanks for creating something awesome! Hoping that we'll can choose the white watch instead of the black. So beautiful. <3 Just wanted to say that I'm super impressed with your design vs. Pebble, both in apparent functionality and form. And your approach to build and delivery will be much less prone to headache and heartache. I backed pebble on my b'day last year and I knew they would slip past the original deadline. Had I known I would still be waiting after another b'day had passed I may not have backed. So, kudos for a job better done thus far. Can't wait to see final product! For someone with no programming experience, what would be the best way to learn with the kids how to build some simple watch apps/faces? Even something like the X or screen saver shown on the Facebook page? What equipment would be needed and what programming language? Think it would be a cool way of getting kids into it @Oliver - they're a standard 22mm strap, so you can swap them out for anything which takes your fancy. However, the base of the watch needs to be able to sit flat on a charge pad, so you'd probably need some sort of 'C' shaped contraption for the charger to sit on top of and the strap hanging underneath. There may also be issues with heat/power loss through the strap due to conductivity. May be ways around that, but probably beat to stick with non-metal straps I would love to have a metallic wristband for the watch. Black metallic would be awesome, the same colour and material as the watch case. Would that be possible? I would pay extra. Pictures of silicon straps? Hi, Will there be a community (forum?) for users and developers of the AGENT watch? Would love to interact with fellow developers when the (preview) SDK and at least when the watch is out released :) Thanks for these prompt replies, Agents. (Yes, from now on I'm referring to people who make or wear Agent smart watches as Agents.). I'm loving this community happening here as well. Let's hope it evolves into a massive developer community. That would work if it was a different type of deployment but I'm on deployment on a submarine lol. It's not the same. Emails are restricted and our unclassified network is very restricted. Your very prompt replies are greatly appreciated! Can't wait to get this watch on my wrist! So here's a non technical question.. I'm in the military and I'll be on deployment September and October, so am I gonna miss out on finalizing my order? How will this work out for me? So the screen is covered by glass huh? I was kinda hoping for sapphire crystal. But I guess that's too much to ask for in a $250 (retail) watch. Ill be wearing mine to work and hope the glass will withstand the abuse ill be giving it. The "Hot or cold" app would be very cool. It reminds me of the radio direction finder ;-) I was just thinking about a enhancement maybe not for now but later on when you guys might be thinking about making v2 of agent but developed a wristband with extra battery capacity for power hungry user by incorporating thinergy tectnology within the band and probably an external connection where the wristband connects to the watch face it can be called smartband and start a whole new kickstater campaign just an ideaiI had to throw out Wow this project is looking more and more awesome. I have a quick question regarding the strap. Is there any chance to buy/get spare straps? I'm in Australia, and I'd like to get not only the silicon strap but a leather one as well. Cheers, I don't know if anyone raise this function before. It should be able to make phone ring from AGENT, this function could help us to find our phones in a mess. * Correction "greater".. And edit or delete option would be nice.. Will there be any great function for Jailbroken iPhone? @creator >The Bitmap.Flush function...lets you specify a specific region Thanks! That's great! So, it's possible to do something like a 5 line blinking dot - to save battery/cpu usage. Or even better... a 5-wide by 12-long graphic that "pulses up down by one line per second". :) That way, only one line is written out each second. And, it'll be clear that the watch is working. Still, I think that *I* will want a true second indicator, and live with the "need" to wirelessly charge it approx every 2-3+ weeks if it's being used solely as a watch. :-) I'll catch others on the netduino forums. :-) I'm definitely doing the netduino+2 and the display. I'll post links/etc in the forums. BTW, after some very quick code-hacking, my PC does ~5,000 fps drawing 20 random single-bit lines in a 128x128 space (non optimized code). IMHO, the AGENT should've used a 250+watt Intel-i7 and Nvidia graphics processor. Oh well, maybe next time. ;-) @Creator & @ Chucky :) That is why our names all start with the letter C. we are so fast we are a reflection of light ;) This user's account has been deleted. @Creator, Chucky is always lurking. Right @Chucky? Woo hoo! There was ONE slot left for December agents with charger?! And I took it! :D Thanks Chucky, love the what you did there with your hair and make-up ;) This user's account has been deleted. Is there going to be any way for people who can't come to see you to learn how to program for Agent? E.g. online videos or tutorials. Will this <url>"find your phone". If you lose your phone, you can find it with your watch by making your phone make a sound even if it's on silent. It'd also be super cool if we can detect how close we are to the phone by displaying "hot", "medium" or "cold" (by bluetooth strength?) In my opinion, this is a really important feature because something like this can only be done practically with a smartwatch. Hey, I'm having question about pledge, I want two watches so can I double the pledge amount? And does this watch face scratch resistance? @Dan - Pebble only wanted $100k, same as Agent. The vast increase they had caused many of their initial problems - moving production to China; adding in extra functionality they hadn't planned due to backer requests etc. Hopefully Agent has learnt the lessons from Pebble and with their phased release (December watches, then January) I think they have. At the same time, the more they can sell the better, as it means more developers and makes app makers more keen to support it If the Pebble people needed 10 million usd are you going to have enough with barely one tenth of that sum - I do want you to succeed Dan Hi, I have a few questions? 1. Will we have a number? Our order list, our number that we purchased the watch? 2. If I was to develop a tool, for the watch. And I wanted to get a line of text from the internet, would it need to run though an app first on the phone, or can the watch just pull the data from the phones connection and display it on the screen? This is vital for a program which i have in mind, I know the .NET framework quite well. 3. How does the heart rate monitor work? Is it something inside the watch, or would we need an external heart rate monitor? Thanks Adam @creator >Does this remind anyone of their favorite screensaver? Nice! Impressive speed and update rate. And, from 120MHz processor. Not some GigaHz power-sucking cpu monster that's needed to run other OS's. :-) Wow, I looked up the spec, the Nokia Lumia 920 W8 phone does 1080p 30fps video. Nice phone. :-) And, since you posted the graphics code and video... :-) I have a technical question on the video and update method. I know that all of the changed graphic lines have to be fully written out (128 horizontal pixels per line) and there is a max of 128 vertical lines. So, lets say on a watch-face, I want to update the seconds using a 12x12 font. Do just those 12 lines get written out? Is there a shadow graphics memory buffer in the OS, and the OS controls the writes to that shadow buffer, and then updates the needed lines on the display as needed? Or, is a user call? Or, does the whole graphics display get updated at once? Or, is it something else? :-) Also, from the looks of the video, all of display-lines have to be written out because of the randomly displayed white-lines and the number of white-lines. Thanks! Check this Out ! <url>"lost link warning", in fact, I had the same function on my MBW 150 and this saved my phone several times. Now, the next step would be to pair the Agent with some kind of bluetooth key ring so the watch can warn you when you forgot your keys somewhere (happened to me more than once). Does this sound possible? That is a screensaver on steroid!!!! Just got myself a spot for the December watch only version. Please make this a reality. With the features you promise to provide, this watch will easily leave the pebble in the dust. Ah thanks for answering my question about bluetooth range. It's always going to be a compromise for low power. A suggestion if possible: Keep the bluetooth range short and power as low as possible while there is a phone detected, if phone link is lost, switch to a higher power. Would this method work? @Creator - Really wish that Microsoft can release a notification center for WP8 and expose it via API. somehow allow apps to subscribe to it and gets notified, awaken to execute some code (non UI) then goes back to sleep. # creator that would be great if you or a developer friend could implement it into the phone to my knowledge no other product does a similar thing and I think it would be useful... I live in an area with some very nice areas but also some dodgy ones Based on your prototype testing, From the time the phone rings to the time the watch gets a notification, is there a noticeable time lag ? @creator if possible would be great if it was variable eg at my house or at work my phone is safe unattended so distance before been alerted could be maximum other "unknown" places tighter security I imagine it's all software so potentially doable using the phones gps position @creator I think it will be best to let the user configure the BT sensitivity settings because in some areas if you are 30 feet away from your phone before you get a warning by the time you get back to it it will be gone.... I have nice phones some people would rather not pay for theirs @Creator Wow 750k now thats epic. For everyone else lets aim for more than one million before my birthday :P Weve got 5 days, challenge start. Its almost my birthday but Im more excited for my Christmas present. @Kevin do keep in mind that the maximum distance over which it will work is dependent on both sides. So you phone or whatever device youre connecting to will play a role. @Creator is the Agent watch class 2 or class 3 for its transmit power? It would be nice if the watch was a class 2 but Im betting its a class 3 for battery life. @Creator thanks for the photos. Also Im intrigued by the backlight, I had thought it was going to be like a watch light; under the glass but in front of the screen. Though with a true backlight itll look even better at night. This just keeps on getting better and better. What is the range of the bluetooth? How far can I travel from the phone before I get a connection lost notification? @Creator - I can't wait to see Chris Hammond controlling his Netduino tank with the AGENT watch or a whole new set of classes added to Stefan Thoolen's .NET Micro Framework Toolbox. And who knows what Matt from RogueCode, Pete Brown, and Komodex Labs will come up with. So many possibilities with the Netduino and AGENT, and so many talented builders out there! Exciting times for sure. @Arjan: Feel free to contact What's App Inc to speed up this process. Several people, ourselves included, have already asked similar questions - but notification support appears to be app-specific. That said, relevant BT support must be implemented on the smartphone app itself, rather than the watch. Hope that answers your question. I can read my whatsapp messages on the watch? @cherepets >I have a question: is AGENT OS based on Windows Embedded or Windows CE? I'm a Netduino(made by SecretLabs) and Arduino user. Like many things in the world, both have their own strengths. Also, IMHO, .NETMF is better than Android for a smart watch. Android has grown to support a lot of features. Great for Android phones/tablets/netbooks! :-) But, *IMHO*, even Android 3.x is too big and burdensome for a watch application. Android is currently on 4.2. For RTOS (Real Time Operating Systems) people, it's like the difference between VxWorks(like Android -huge and very powerful), and Keil RTOS (like .NETMF - small, good for embedded things). Some people wonder about SecretLabs, their product experience, and how much they really know about the hardware and software that are being used by the AGENT watch. All valid questions. So, please Note #4.1 in the following: :-) From: <url>t use them continually, and since using sensors and running the display burns battery life, just actively display them when youre using them. For example when hiking you would only use a compass in short bursts even though you would want one available continuously. @Wayne I want an old school 8-bit rpg. What would also be cool is if some people program a couple of simple retro games too ie. Pong, space invaders and pacman @Creator so the middle-right button is for interacting with the currently active watch face/app? Using that you could make a watch face that is normal most of the time, but when you press the button it shows a live compass for 10-15 seconds (assuming magnetometer support is added). I would love to have a watch face that did that. Very exciting and interesting journey. Thank you for sharing the ride :) Will there be anymore exciting updates coming before the 21 days are up? Or will things move forward more post funding The pebble watch said that the screen they are using is e-paper but it's found to be sharp memory lcd. Is that the same screen as what you are using? Of course they are in different size. Quick question: Do animations like having a second hand drain battery like the pebble does due to the constant refresh of the display? You guys are using a different display than the pebble so I am curious @Creator will you provide EAP for the SDK? Which UI technology will be used? @creator I dont see why you couldnt have some optional rewards with the understanding that your watch WILL be delayed. Triple emphasis on delayed. Hey guys, congratulations, you designed the first smartwatch that actually appeals to me ;) Isn't there a possibility to make the screen just a little bigger -and thus the 'bezel' a bit smaller- and taking a higher res. panel? About the size of the Pebble for example? Is that to big a redesigning challenge? It will be possible to purchase one AGENt after the Kickstarter campain ? Ok so... just a bit of praise. I have absolutely no intention of reading all 1150 comments...But I absolutely love that I can scroll thru and see a TON of light blue ones from @Creator. Kudos to you guys man. I cant wait to see how big this one gets! Looking forward to it. @Tim Chaffee - that is a really cool door lock! I think we should reach out to some of these third party vendors and encourage them to open it up to devices like the AGENT. It would be awesome to have the front door open when your arms are full of groceries or whatever else. Not to mention how Jedi cool that would be. :) @Creator - As mentioned before, I love the idea of having a magnetometer for a bunch of reasons, but I also understand the reason for not officially supporting it unless it can work perfectly. If there's one thing I've come to know about Secret Labs, through your Netduino products, is that perfection and quality are paramount in everything you produce. I dont have a lot of experience with magnetometers, but would it be possible to calibrate the sensor given the magnetic interface cause by the attractor should remain constant? @Creator - One idea for the Qi Charger san the magnetic attractor is to have outline of the watch printed on the surface of the charger to provide a visual cue as to correctly place it for charging. @Creator I'm also interested in straight-on photos and that code! :-) Creator Secret Labs + House of Horology 5 minutes ago >If you'd like to play with it early and you're in the NYC area, come hang out with us this Saturday :) Have you said where and when? I'm in the Boston area. @Creator, I would prefer that you remove the attractor from the Qi Charger and replace it with a LED and enable the magnetometer function. That would add a lot of value to the watch. There really should be voting mechanisms here in KickStarter campaigns to kick out the trolls. It is pretty obvious that an employee of another KS project is in here stirring up a fuss, ignoring the facts. @all: Lets focus on the Agent watch instead of other kickstarter campains! I think none of us have any doubts that this thing is happening and genuine. I'm delighted with the feedback and commitment that HOH and SL are showing - even on kickstarter I think this is unique. Lets show our support in a positive way and stop feeding the negative attitude! Well at least I wasnt too far off. @Tim Chaffee its going to be .NET micro based if you want to get an idea for the development environment. Of* @andrew warner they said right at the end if the kickstarter campaign, they will release a preview sdk Theyve said their going to release a preview SDK, though I dont remember when they said. It might have been late June or July but I dont remember for sure I just saw this <url>t wait to see what people start to mock up once they have face shots of the watch. As for the code, Im not at the stage for coding yet, but I would definitely suggest including it and any other examples you might have with the preview sdk. You also mentioned something about a magnetic attractor, does that mean the watch will center itself on the charger, eg slide to the center if placed on the edge of the charging pad; what happens with multi coil Qi charging pads? @Jonathan TOPO maps for the win, having a compass on my watch would be awesome for when I go camping or hiking. My thought exactly.. my phone being in my pocket the magnetometer would probably be unreliable, so I'd have to take it out. And I do a lot of my daily navigation by compass directions (to the annoyance of others!). I thought it was a stupid question so didn't ask, glad someone else did! @Jonathan - That would be very nice to have, then we will have a digital compass on the watch without having to rely on the smartphone for the info. @Blue - good to see others have worked you out now as well. On the grounds you obviously don't want an Agent watch, why not just cancel your pledge now? Or are you happy to continue backing a 'scam' just so you can feel good about warning others? Before I take time to catch up with the slew of comments, I'd just like to say I'd really appreciate a magnetometer too. If you guys figure out how to swing it, would love to know! Totally agree with @franois and al other backers except @BLUE ! We don't come one vachen project to insult it, or their backers. AGENT is a pure product of high tecnology, thinking during a long time and still now. It's very easy to insult people behind a computer, so if you don't trust in AGENT technology, go to NYC this week end and check it with your own eyes ! You're a really not fair kickstarter member and we don't need to read your wrong acusations or comments. So, please, I think every body is agree with me, get over here ! You haven't got your place here ! Kickstarter is suppose to be a peacefull place, so the other backers and myself will don't less you have this comportement. I hope you've understand. Amically, Maxime In my opinion @a blue is just extremely jealous that vaachen has barely reached its funding goal in a month when AGENT has exceeded 7 times its funding target in a week. So boy I guess everybody got your warning, you can leave now. Btw I hate being called a sheep by someone like you. So easy to make shortcuts in the internet. we dont go on pebble or vachen saying its crap and insult their backers, so please show a little respect. Backed it yesterday and shown all my friends about it. Honestly can't wait till I can have it on my wrist @A Blue. I've just checked all the comments by SL and HoH, seems clear to me that they have prototypes and have even offered to take them to NYC this weekend. Check out a few specific examples taken from their comments: @A Blue -- our prototypes run watch apps, communicate via Bluetooth, and can perform all the features showcased in the video. The gentleman in the first half of our video was wearing an ARM7-powered AGENT prototype watch. @Professor Snake -- from Chris -- awesome name :) The fashion-forward watchcase is already designed, although we may make small tweaks for fit and finish. the prototype watch cases were milled out of aluminum @Dino, @Pete Brown -- just FYI, we're bringing some of our prototypes (and even one of the dual-processor validation boards) to a free outdoor event in NYC this weekend. Lets not make this personal to anyone or accuse others. I like well-founded questions, and I trust SL+HoH will respond to those questions properly; they did do that so far. At this point some questions are asked, there's nothing more to add to that I believe. Also, I would like to point out a few rules here to everyone. From <url>t harass or make personal attacks. Please keep both rules in mind while posting. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Was just checking out other House of Horology watches and ads and I really want the leather one with white stitching! (~ 2 min mark) <url>"A new model will be released every 45 days." Yeah right and in line with my previous comment, why? @ A Blue you're embarrassingly trying to make 4076 people retract their pledges. What do you have to gain from that Forgot to mention I love the fact that you have designed AGENT for repair and recycling plus are having it assembled by workers in your own country. Just brilliant! This is what I want my money to support and I hope you use this as a selling point when retail time rolls around. We have such limited resources that we can't afford not to design in this way for much longer, and you could catch the growing wave of more sustainable technology with this one. Plus that warranty gives a feeling of quality workmanship where you know it isn't going to fall apart on your wrist. Sorry everyone, I gave a speech on exactly this sort of design in my English class the other day and I love seeing it in reality! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. It appears my comment has alluded posting twice now, first a flat phone battery and a second lost to the nether. Determined, I am back to try once more. I think I'll copy it just in case this time. I am not sure if it has been mentioned in the thousand odd comments however I for one would love the idea of a production number engraved on the back of our watches as our Kickstarter special addition. I'd love to know when in the queue mine was made and who knows, how awesome would it be if you met someone one day who had the watch made right before yours!? Assuming there is engraving such as the name or logo already planned for the back I can't see such an addition adding too much complexity or time however I may be wrong. It definitely suits the premium feel that is being created here and even more so considering the relatively limited number of early backer units compared to say the Pebble. Second, I was just curious as to whether it would be possible to have a few comparison shots of both the leather and the silicon straps side by side? Similarly would it also be possible to see assorted accents in use on one of the prototype cases or units preferably with someone hand modelling it so we can gauge how much or little they stand out. I ask because I'm leaning towards the orange but I'm worried it may clash with my 'lovely' bottle green school uniform where a white would be better suited. I'd just like to thank everyone for all the hard work they have put in so far and I'm sure will continue to do in the following months! I'm really looking forward to December this year! Just a thought however, you may find shipping channels are hectic around Christmas so assuming you haven't already, just take that into account when planning delivery logistics. All in all though, awesome job and I love the sense of community present here even during the campaign! We may not have huge numbers but we have passion and I think that's what is really needed. Ofcourse <url>"Post comment" button. "Be respectful and considerate" and just had a look at some of the advice, one of the statements was "If you don't like a project, don't back it. No need to be a jerk." Why have you not been asking the same questions on that Vachen watch then? Or how come you're so sure that it's 100% genuine? This user's account has been deleted. @A Blue: When I see a Kickstarter campaign launched by two companies (SL & HH) which actually have real products being sold already, I feel quite reassured regarding their ability to deliver... The same cannot be said for all the campaign. @A Blue: I think they will release a video of the screen as soon as the backlit is complete, what would you like to see that you don't see on the backer video and I'm sure they'll fix that :) And I agree with you, a video of the display would be awesome :D What info are you missing about the battery? They've given the approximated battery usage of watch-mode, the usage of "normal" apps and heavy usage apps. As well as the battery capacity and calculations showing why you get 7 days when using Bluetooth and apps and why you get 30 days when using watch only-mode. On the battery side, I don't really see what you could need more :) Also... It doesn't seems like they got a watch ready with everything in it (final OS and so on) I think that's why they don't have that accurate battery stuff :) This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Chucky. Scary movie by the way. I only mentioned SCAM ALERT because after asking simple basic questions, I have not been given the answers and then there are contradiction after contradiction in many of the posts from both SL and the AGENT WATCH backers?. This user's account has been deleted. @Pete Brown, Yes it is. But I said SCAM ALERT. Meaning that, so far from the mounting evidence, is a possibility. But I am sure that the SL people can clear everything up. Or at least I hope so because I would hate to think of this wonderful facility that is Kickstarter, being tarnished by some kind of shenanigans. @Wayne Daniells. I understand. However, I am representative of a large number of backers, who support my not unreasonable questions. You see, backers to a campaign in general, do not take a hissy fit when another backer asks some simple little questions about the campaign they have paid their good money into. Yet here, Agent backers? are getting very upset at me asking questions like: can you tell me the real battery life please and could I see a video of the display please. Hmm! Look, all will be revealed, but there is a certain procedure that needs to be taken. @a blue Accusing this project of being a scam is a pretty serious thing. Also, you never addressed my question about your relationship with other watch projects. Your account is brand new and this is the only project you've backed under this account, and there's no name attached. All seems fishy. Having been a satisfied and happy Secret Labs customer for a long time, I'm comfortable in my backing here. It's not a scam. I think most people will easily see that. @ A Blue you sounds like a spokes person for the Vachen. Perhaps you should stick to their comment threads. If I wanted to buy a watch I'd go to a shop. Kickstarter is about buying into a concept and watching it grow through a community of like minded people. You have been the only negative comment maker in over a thousands comments. If you think it's a scam remove your $1 bid @Ku-TuB. You are right to ask. The Vachen campaign looks genuine and it all adds up. Where as I have gone from sceptical to convinced and back to sceptical, about the Agent. Now in the light of various worrying things that have become more obvious after each of my questions and pressing questions from other contributors, I am afraid that I must now say AGENT SMART WATCH SCAM ALERT. I will explain in more detail in another post. But expect me to be rounded upon quickly and my comment pushed quickly out of sight. @Stefan Thoolan, I am not totally sure, but I think that it is possible to make a device with a USB port waterproof. At least a quick search shows many claiming to be so. @KaTuB: First thing I noticed: 48-hour battery life Also, they have USB instead of everything wireless, which makes the water resistance claim a bit difficult. First two things that came up in my mind. But I like competition, customers always benefit from that :) Can anybody compare and tell me what is the major advantage with the following SMart Watch <url>"few apps will be made and it's usefullness is dwindling, at least in my eyes and to call it the Worlds Smartest Watch. Hmm." KickStarter is a website that was made in order to support and successfully make ideas into a reality. Not to pick at the product. Sorry if my comment bothers you, its just my personal opinion. PS: you say here you use a Blackberry: "I use my blackberry quite a lot throughout the day using apps." As far as I knew, the AGENT is only compatible with I-Phone, Android, and Windows8. So how do you plan on even utilizing this watch's amazing potential? Is the wireless charger using single or multi-coil solution? Is it free positioning or must be exact position? @Chris Yes, I'm really interested! Since AGENT firmware is updated wirelessly, we built fail-safe recovery modes into our hardware design. This ensures that firmware updates cannot disable your watch. They have already been thinking about that ;) check out the part about fail-safe recovery modes on the home page of the kickstarter project page @a blue I think with any kickstarter project, whether you fund $1 or $1000 you're buying into the idea and the development process, not buying a product. Now, I trust Secret Labs and HoH to deliver, but rewards are rewards, not purchases. I'd be very surprised if they have all the app-level software already written to the point where a video of a menu (or menus, or whatever) would make sense. Comments here about the options they're considering would seem to back that up. In any case, even if the menu system was something we hated (which I wouldn't expect) NETMF is really easy to work with. If this is OSS like other secret labs projects, it's easy to modify. More importantly, it's software, so it's also easy for Secret Labs to modify long after the hardware is done. SO, I think we'll need to wait to see menus. I'm confident based on what I've seen and read so far. Actually, that's a question for Chris and folks: is there a servicing model for the core OS? Does that deploy over Bluetooth and use the multi-backup strategy you covered earlier, or is that just for apps? As a long time customer and fan of Secret Labs, I've never been more excited for a product that I've not been a part of creating. I believe the fruition of this smart watch can be as profound as the introduction of the iPod. And it will be shocking to see this dedicated team beat the best at Apple. Forget other campaigns that have faltered. This team truly competes with Apple! Thanks for the inspiration! Looking at the photo of the bare LCD it looks like the area outside the pixels is black, so Im guessing that a black background with a white star would be the simplest (x and +). Im not sure how easy it would be to tell where the edge of the LCD is with concentric squares. Perhaps a checker board pattern, maybe 8x8. With an even grid checker board pattern you get a pair of white squares in opposite corners as well as a pair of black squares. Is this the final form for the watch or is it possible that it will change? Like maybe slightly thinner? I'm curious as to how heavy this watch will be. @Creator: Will AGENT's 3D accelerometer also include a magnetometer? If so will the magnetic fluctuation data be available to developers via the SDK? Im interested in developing a metal detector watch app that can detect metal anomalies from such things as wall studs, live wires, precious metals, etc. Disclaimer: for live wires I mean hidden in walls. I wouldn't suggest sticking your hand too close to exposed wires :) Would it be possible to get a straight on face shot of one of the prototypes? I want to mock up a watch face design and see what it looks like, but all the shots I can find are at various angles not straight on. Also having some sort of pattern displayed on the screen might help people align their images by showing the screen edge and/or specific pixel locations. @Erik Noren thanks for confirming that. But I am still wanting to know where the link is to the video of the prototype display working and going through its functions. I am keen to see what I am buying in all of its glory. @A Blue -- I believe @Dino is referring to the entire section titled "The Road to Your Wrist" where it is specifically mentioned the prototype watches use a different architecture. SL/HoH has built development boards with the AGENT hardware to test the electronics and port their software. The next phase is to build the custom PCBs and integrate the components into the watch itself. It's all quite clear and is demonstrated in the accompanying photographs and the Estimated Timeline seems to corroborate. Thanks for your questions! It's really keeping me familiar with the already-posted information and making me all the more excited for my AGENT watch! Creator can you please prove @Dino wrong, who said: "where does it say it's a working watch in the video? From reading what they've written, I'd suggest they haven't put together a full working watch yet, but I think you knew that. You have a very strange line of questions for a backer." Please guide everyone to the video of the working prototype(that you borrow from your engineer) to show everyone how nice the display looks running through different functions. Thanks guys. FAQ still not updated? Tired to search the comment section. I just got ridiculously giddy thinking about setting the timer for duck hunting. Come end of season digging through layers to check a watch or dig out your phone from its semi water safe compartment is a pain and risky. Set alarm for shooting time and wait for wrist to vibrate. Heck yeah! Looking around I would love PVD titanium, too bad its so expensive. So I guess its PVD stainless steel, since I bet I would be that one person to break his ceramic watch. Though I wonder how much more it would cost to get DLC instead of PVD for the steel? @ Kristjan Ulfsson I would how accurate it would be in counting steps when its on your wrist? Its going to catch a lot more movement than just your walking. Though I definitely being about to use it with a smartphone app, combined sensor data to weed out the noise. For developers: a public transit app displaying nearby buses and ETA would be phenomenal! Or tap into the API and display data from existing transit apps. Idea 2: let it work with reload able transit cards. Would this need NFC? Less likely to lose a watch than a wallet, so ability to pay transit would remain if wallet lost! Looking forward to the FAQ to be updated, but in the meantime I would like to know more about what you are planning with the Accelerometer. I have been interested in devices like the Fitbit et.al. and I was wondering if the AGENT would be able to offer similar features and functionalities ? i.e. steps taken, calories burned, sleep tracking etc. As we know, the device (watch, wristband) is only half the story and apps are needed to finish the package. Are you working with any programmers in this area ? @creator is there a light sensor in the watch you say the screen always displays the time if it's too dark to see there's no point displaying as it's dark 8 hours a day could potentially increase.... ease battery life by a third... only a thought @Dino, Why are you suggesting that Secret Labs have not made a working prototype. From what I can see they have got working prototypes. I personally was just interested to see the menu working on the screen. You, have a strange line of thinking. I think that Secret Labs have done exceptionally well. I would love to make 1/2 million profit on a campaign on Kickstarter. Good on them. Dino about 3 hours ago @A Blue - where does it say it's a working watch in the video? From reading what they've written, I'd suggest they haven't put together a full working watch yet, but I think you knew that. You have a very strange line of questions for a backer. +1 to Black PVD stainless. Looks amazing. Also: is the glass over the screen sapphire? That would be killer. Pretty sure it is. Suggestion: wrist rotation mapped to scroll direction via accelerometer/gyroscope :) My preference is for PVD stainless steel. :-) I agree that a ceramic watch would be very cool. If I knew that the AGENT was going to have a ceramic case, I'd get another one for another person. :-) My guess is that if SL/HH could pull off a ceramic case and keep within budget and performance metrics, the watch would be hugely successful! It would put the AGENT as a higher-value item above the iWatch. To _me_, the Pebble looks cheap. Also, I have zero desire to *plug* my watch into a charger every night. :-) BUT, for myself, a guy that also works out/etc, I would *not* want a ceramic watch. A ceramic watch can chip and break if it's dropped on a hard surface - like the floor in a locker room at the gym. Or, if the watch is accidentally banged against something hard. Since I don't live in a fully padded room :-), I want something that is very durable. I prefer a dent or scratch instead of a chip/break. Yes, I know that ceramic watches often last a long time. It all depends how gentle people how are on things. :-) @creator. just searched the Internet for the materials, pvd stainless steel - looks good and upmarket but think ceramic would also look good and is more usual and would be a very good choice - @SL+HoH -- What event? Is it part of the World Science Festival events or something else entirely? First I'm hearing of this and I'm super interested! Is there anything on the details of the event available? Looks like @Paul beat me to the same question. @Pete Brown If you're in Montreal right now, make sure to swing by the Palais des Congrs to have a beer at Le Mondial de la Bire (<url>al atm and can't make it to nyc. Awesome that you'll have a show and tell, though. Even more awesome that you'll be ready to code! Will it be recorded and posted? @Creator Will you film those deep dives for other developers to take part of? After some discussion about planning on another project.. I don't suppose you guys have a Gantt chart, or similar, for development we can see? Always nice to see how things click together. @a blue As a backer and a netduino (and Gadgeteer and netmf) enthusiast, I was happy to see photos of actual prototypes and not just PhotoShop mocks. I'm not sure that there's a physical watch yet with all the pieces together. I thought that was the point of this campaign :) For disclosure, what's your relationship with the other watch project? Fwiw, other than the charging cool, which I know nothing about, everything else discussed here can definitely fit in the body shown. I've used the netduino mini before and that is pretty tiny. @creator Thanks for the answer. I hope that it comes true to control the volume but I assume this is only software based so it's also fine to have it as update in the future. I would rather prefer that you are able to hold the deadline instead of implementing this feature now :) Take my all my money! @creator at some point soonish I'm guessing all hardware decisions ie materials for screen case and details of charger (I'm hoping you can get it 1amp through using a mains plug so it can charge my phone nice and quick too although looking around most are around 700mA) etc will need to made... .. Do you you a cut off date for hardware decisions to make the December deadline after which all changes will obviously only be software based @A Blue - where does it say it's a working watch in the video? From reading what they've written, I'd suggest they haven't put together a full working watch yet, but I think you knew that. You have a very strange line of questions for a backer. I did a quick search but I didn't found an answer so I'm asking here: Can the agent also control the volume of the mobile phone with the help of the AVRCP BT profile? Would be surely nice so I don't have to take out my phone even for changing the volume. @Erik Noren, Must have my wires crossed somewhere. Anyways. Pointing me to the video of the Agent Display in action would be nice please. @A Blue -- Nope. I do use their Netduino line of microcontrollers for hobby electronics though! Woh. That's a lot of backers. Hope the guys have learned the lessons of pebbles less than shiney reputation after their campaign ended. Anyway, I diverse, can someone tell me where to see the display actually working on video. You know what I mean, going through the functions. It would be nice to be assured that this is not just a 3D printed casing that is not in working form yet. Super imposed screen shots not really convincing me. Many thanks, I am a bit dim when it comes to finding stuff. Probably not looking properly. Also a question @Erik Noren. You do work for Secret Labs, right? Awesome!! 4000 backers!! 4000 backers! Fab!!! Anyway we could get both the silicone and the leather watch strap? @Erica + Chris I would also really like color choices for the watch itself. But not if it comprimises the delivery date :) But as the strap is standard 22 mm, it does offer a lot of ways to personalize it, even with a black watch case. Hi Chris! I am thrilled to be a backer of AGENT and am so excited to get my hands or wrist rather on one of your watches! I am also really really hoping you'll be able to pull off the white version or at least the black face with a ceramic white wrist band? Good luck and keep up the great work!! and soon 4000 backers! Congrats on hitting 3/4 of a million dollars! Hello everybody, as a one of the first backer of this project, I would like to share you about project already on kickstarter, which I'm really fond of. there are 4 days left before this project end, and we have already reach about 30%.. :-/ this project is : CASETOP I don't put a link for respect reason to AGENT. But I really apreciate if somepeople accept to take a look on this project and help us to reach our goal. Please take a look.. Thanks a lot ! Or they could even give away one of them as prize ;))) Special numbered edition? @Makuri +1 for the logo idea Yeah I didn't express myself properly, I just meant: i think your idea is very cool! :) Well I about the final decision it was just an idea, I understand the creators could have the last word...it's just another approach to it.They would always have all the rights on the final logo. Yeah Makuri, the creators organize something similar on another project, it was indeed very cool. in any case, the creators can have the last word on that but it could bring other ideas that did not think of ;) How about the backers helping with the logo?Some kind of contest (with no more prize than satisfaction...) where the backers them selfs made the votes on the final logo? Could help you guys on not "wasting time" on that...And making us feeling even more involved with the project... The video shows a white watch in the rooftop scene. Will that be an option for December backers? With regards to the logo, will it appear on the watch? if so, where will it be? In your labs, have you tested what is the smallest font size that will readable (assuming that the reader has a 20/20 vision)?. In technical terms, what is the dimension of the smallest font in pixels? How many rows of text can fit on the lcd screen? @BarrKingLive -- Qi itself supports ultra slow data transfer but that's not the method of communication. From the project description under the heading World Class Developer Tools you'll see this snippet: "Deploy your apps over Bluetooth and debug them interactively." It looks like it will all be through Bluetooth. How would AGENT connect to the PC (for development)? Does Qi support wireless USB data as well? I can't seem to find any information on this. Will SL&HH reveal a fierce or good looking logo for the Agent Watch any time soon? 22 days to go, more than $700,000 in pledge and close to 1,000 comments, many of which are feedback from SL&HH, this is just incredible! Many thanks for your responsiveness and eagerness in creating a great product ! Let's show our enthousiasm and push this through the roof in the next 3 weeks ! First of all, congrats on the funding ! I know the Qi Charger is powered by USB but I wonder if we could choose the AC power cord format and if 110/220 AC are both supported. if so, I choose 220 AC + french cable cord ;-) This user's account has been deleted. This may have been asked before but I don't have time to read all 988 comments! Will the alarms support multiple alarms that can be configured for different days of the week? i.e. I don't want to be woken on weekends so switching an alarm off for certain days will be very handy. also having an API that can be used over BT may be a good idea so that I can use an app to set alarms rather than the watch UI Do you Support simplyfied chinese as well? You will find many developers in mainland China that can help writing apps for the phone. Chinese people are open for such kind of toys. They have such a big diversity in mobile phones and they by new ones all the time. I personally think of writing an app for learning chinese characters. This could be handy to learn some characters with the watch. It is always there and even could remind you that you did not learn today... @Creator Will you provide an app list that is currently compatible with Agent watch? And which usage scenarios will work on WP8 at currently available Bluetooth specification for WP? Am i right that Agent supports only Qi charging and cannot be charged with anything else (micro-USB or ...)? Would Agent be able to support WhatsApp out of the box? Cos I use WhatsApp alot I'm really looking forward to the AGENT, can't wait until December! You said there is gonna be a new update today, is it happened anytime soon? With reference to WP8, Is it possible for more than one apps (different author) to communication with the Agent Watch via BT SPP profile simultaneously ? With the Agent watch supporting dual stack Bluetooth, is it possible for both stack to be active simultaneously? For example, connecting to a heart rate monitor via BTLE and the WP8 phone via Bluetooth classic. At release, will the Agent support the Audible app? By December I meant :) I am curious about the Bluetooth compatibility with the Nokia Lumia 920 and other Windows 8 phones. I know you've said many times you will support them. But I just did some reading and while the hardware supports 4.0 LE, the software supports only 3.1 version of the protocol. Any insights into the plans around that? or are you hoping for a 4.0 compatible OS update by June? How much memory will this watch have (for apps)? @ Paul Houghton living in the UK that's exactly what I thought when I read it, shame @Mstthew looks good if you like in the US $40 international shipping far too steep looks like he doesn't want international backers ..... Qi chargers. at 1amp are readily available on amazon for much cheaper. or wait an extra month and get the official Agent charger in January @ SL & HOH 7 times the original goal. Congrats guys If you missed out join a December watch with charger, this project just launched which looks good -<url>"check in" with the watch would be good. @Creator Okay, I will look in to it when I get it by December :) Thanks again for the promt repsonse, very impressive! Will sonmething like this <url>"Sync" system to connect my android phone (GS3) to the car via Bluetooth to for calls and music streaming. If my phone is connected to my AGENT watch does that mean I'd have to manually disconnect from my watch before I could connect to my car and then visa versa? I noticed that Bluetooth 4.0 is dual band so does that mean I can connect multiple sources (I do realize I'm really asking if my PHONE can connect with 2 sources but answer what you can)? I'm just worried about connecting my phone to my watch, then to my car, then back to my watch. Thank you for your time, excited about your project! @creator: you need to create a good Facebook page so we can promote it as much as possible and hopefully bring new backers. All of us really need to keep the buzz alive and find new promoters or media for the AGENT ! I'm not using Pinterest but it may be interesting as well?? If AGENT could work with GAME GOLF, it would be awesome .... <url>"don't drink the kool-Aid" (Apple :-). If needed, people can get a Windows USB BT adapter for under $10. Even if the AGENT OS required the user to push a button as a confirmation to perform the flash write for the application settings, that would be fine. For the apps that I'm considering, the user would do one or only a few changes of the base application settings. BTW, I registered a domain name for my watch apps and did a simple web page today. :-) Don't worry SL/HH, the domain name does not have the word "AGENT" in it. :-) So, now, I'm anxiously waiting for the SDK to be released. :-) For the WP users that would like to help this project I would recommend voting for added MAP support in Windows Phone (so the AGENT can recieve sms and so forth) you can do this by going to this uservoice page for windows phone (the official one) and vote for it :) Shortlink: <url>"sorry, no multi-packs. We don't want Kickstarter to feel like a store." Some backers have suggested if a second watch is requested for a friend, simply have that friend create an account and back the project! Q: What stretch goals are you doing? A: More information coming soon! Check update 1 for information on the first goal that was reached. SL/HH has recently teased a possible stretch goal announcement on Tuesday 5/28. Stay tuned! Q: If you raise $n, will you add x component to the watch? A: The design of the watch was established before the Kickstarter campaign was started. SL/HH has stated the design can't change in order to meet the established schedule. While the hardware inside is set, there is still some work being done testing case materials and scratch resistant faces that won't affect the wireless functions of the watch. Q: The description says the watch battery is serviceable. Can a regular user change this or does it have to be sent to SL/HH? A: SL/HH has said it's very important to them that the watch be serviceable. They are aiming for user-replaceable but can't immediately promise this until they know what happens with the seals, etc. They've said at worst case you'll be able to take it to a watch shop and have it replaced there. Q: Why did you choose this display? [Covers "why not xyz display", etc.] A: SL/HH has said this watch is a new design which runs at a lower power and higher performance than previous versions of the display. Since the display will be always-on, it was important to use a low power model. Q: Will you use a sapphire / Gorilla glass / other covering for scratch resistance? A: Many materials will be tried in order to get the best clarity, scratch resistance and wireless capability possible. Sapphire can affect the wireless performance and is quite high cost compared to glass. SL/HH has said they will be open with their tests and choices as they move forward. Q: Is the look of the watch set or will this change? A: SL/HH has said the watch is representative of the final design though there might be minor tweaks to the design in order to accomodate the watertight seals, etc. Q: Other projects have been delayed. How confident are you about your schedule? A: SL/HH has stated they have previous experience with hardware manufacturing and delivery. That said, because the project uses some new components there is always a chance for delay. Parts could be delayed in procurement, the FCC/CE/Qi certification(s) could be delayed, etc. SL/HH has said they will be open and forthcoming about all parts of the process and will let backers know immediately if a delay is necessary. Q: Will there be a version of the watch for women? A: SL/HH has said AGENT is unisex and looks good on women and men without being bulky. I think they've mentioned releasing more information and photos. Q: Will this come in different colors? A: It looks like there will be just one version at launch. SL/HH has mentioned some other services which exist to colorize your devices with wraps or direct coloring. The most recently mentioned was ColorWare. Q: How many programs can you install on your watch? A: This answer is tricky. Some apps might be large; most watch faces will likely be small. SL/HH is looking at various ways of handling the allocation of storage for applications and their settings. More on this soon. An earlier answer they provided is that there might be 50 storage blocks keeping in mind that some apps might require more than 1 block while others will fit comfortably in a single block. Probably as SL/HH gets further with Agent OS they will have a better idea of app sizes and remaining storage space. Q: What notifications will be supported by my phone/model/OS? A: More on this soon. A lot of this depends on what Bluetooth profiles the phone supports. Where a particular phone might have shortcomings, there's a possibility of enhancing support through "power tools" (for more advanced users). I believe SL/HH will be releasing more information on this as they test the hardware with various phones and OS. Q: You list support for iPhone 4S and up. Why not iPhone 4? A: (Note: I might get the technical part of this answer slightly wrong.) The iPhone 4 does not have Bluetooth 4 LE - this was introduced in the iPhone 4S. While the Bluetooth radios in AGENT allow speaking to previous versions, Apple has a limitation on apps communicating with devices through Bluetooth 4 LE only. Q: Will you support Blackberry? A: Blackberry phones might support basic notifications but it is not targeted as supported in this first version of AGENT. Some have mentioned the ability for BB OS to run Android applications but it appears the Virtual Machine it uses does not expose the necessary functions for apps to work directly with AGENT. Perhaps in a future version of BB OS the Android virtual machine will gain these APIs and allow apps to work with AGENT. SL/HH has said if anyone at BlackBerry wants to reach out, they'd be more than happy to work with them! And since SL/HH has just posted a comment saying a FAQ was coming within the next 48 hours, I'll stop here. But I'll post this anyway since I already took the time to type it! Once again - this is unofficial and could be incorrect. It's the result of watching the comments every day and what has stuck in my memory as things that come up again and again. Do not know if someone has already suggested it. But I think it will be great, if you create a single point of watch applications settings in your smartphone's application. For users it would be so much easier to access all watch apps settings in one place. And for developers it'll be easier not to write cross-platform application just for configuring their watch apps. (Of course, if they want some thing special, they can do it their selfes) Moreover, all settings could be written declaratively. So it will be necessary just to add, for example, XML to the app pack, which contains application settings. You can start with simple fields, such as text, numeric, boolean, DateTime, choice, and grid, which could contain any controls. So if I want to create an app to display the stock then I need a list of &lt;exchange, company&gt; (may be not the best example). To do this I'll just need to create something like: &lt;settings&gt; &lt;grid title="Stock" id="stock"&gt; &lt;choice title="Exchange" id="exchange"&gt; &lt;value&gt;Simple 1&lt;/value&gt; &lt;value&gt;Simple 2&lt;/value&gt; &lt;/choice&gt; &lt;textbox title="Company" id="company"/&gt; &lt;/grid&gt; &lt;/settings&gt; Your app could convert this to grid, where user could add choicebox and textbox pairs and fill them. And in watch app it will be easy to access settings using something like Settings.stock[0].company @Esben -- SL/HH has said they're working on a FAQ and releasing it soon. My guess is they're receiving a lot of communication through the comments, PMs, emails from app makers, etc. and they're trying to be 100% available during this early enthusiasm and will get the FAQ out shortly. To the new backers - the comments do answer a lot of your questions but SL/HH has been very welcoming and friendly answering repeats. The FAQ is coming soon but don't hesitate to ask your question anyway! You could try doing a quick search of the page contents first if you think your question might be an easy one. @Creator When will you add some info to the Kickstarter FAQ? I read through the comments every day to keep up. There's now more than 900 comments for new backers to go through. I think it would be a nice gesture for new and current backers to get all information in the comments organized. Thank you for this great project, can't wait till December! :) Endomondo users, don't forget to support AGENT watch integration here : <url>"home/menu" button, or the Light button? @John Idlor thanks for the link. Actually now that Ive thought about it some more, using the USB port to hold the charger probably wouldnt work since Im pretty sure youve said it uses a micro USB port. But 4 tabs that clip onto the charger to hold it in place would work and be cheaper as a plus. @Andrew Warner - Here is the link someone had posted previously and Agent confirmed as the correct display. <url>t expect color with a reflective screen, but if its one color I guess that also rules out even gray scale. An item you could offer is some sort of plastic c stand that attaches the Qi charger with the USB port to hold it in place then the USB cord plugs into the stand. Im guessing a $20 to $40 item depending on production scale, since it doesnt really have active electronics just two ports wired directly to each other. Cant wait to hear the announcement on Tuesday. @creator Will the watch have a menu you can navigate around? And will new downloaded apps be put into categorised folders to give an organisation? @creator have you considered a twitter google+ facebook project page and a video or two on YouTube to spread the word of your product to many more people and to get more backers? @Creator: Thanks for the quick reply! Well seeing as I won't be receiving this product until December, I am hoping that by that time I will have a compatible Smartphone by then. Just thought I'd ask anyway, in case I didn't get one by then. I just had an idea. What if the left pushers, when pressed in conjunction with one of the right pushers, could act as modifier buttons, essentially expanding the number of App-addressable buttons to six? So I know that you can connect your Smartphone to the watch in order to receive things like call and text notifications, and my question is how much can I do with the watch if I don't have a Smartphone? In the video it showed how the watch can show the weather, and your heart-rate and speed and stuff when exercising. I can still use those kinds of applications without a smartphone, right? Sorry if this is a stupid question, I don't know very much about this sort of thing. Couple of quick questions. What are the dimensions of the screens active area with mm or 1/8in precision (square/non-square)? How many pixels are cut-off hard to see when looking at the side from an extreme angle? What is the update rate in clock face mode and app mode (not necessarily screen refresh rate), or default/recommended if configurable? Does the screen support gray scale; if so how many colors (eg 16, 256, 16k etc), does running in gray scale use more power and how much? In clock face mode will it be possible to have one part update more frequently than the rest? For example one half is a normal clock and the other half is dependent on data from the phone that many only change every hour or two. As a side question could you provide some rough dimensions of the watch itself, just for those that might be interested? If you do share that info it might be wise to point out that they are subject to change in the finale production version. This user's account has been deleted. Apple has begun sampling 1.5-inch OLED displays from RITEK subsidiary RiTdisplay. Apple was rumored to be "experimenting" with curved glass smart watch designs and Bloomberg following up to claim that Apple has 100 product designers working on the project. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo believes that Apple will draw on the iPod nano when it comes to components, particularly with respect to the main processor and the touch technology. Further, Kuo believes that biometrics will be a key feature for the iWatch, allowing for increased security and opening the door to broader health-related applications. The biometric support should also aid in building out the cross-device integration many expect to see from the iWatch. Personally I believe that Apple will announce a new iOS for the iPhone in June and new hardware like a new Mac Pro and Air. I believe that Apple will make a watch but battery life and components are not quite there yet. I use a Nano as my watch and I love it. Its a great simple design that works. The iWatch will run a version of iOS with its own app store. It will not cost as much as the phone because it will not need a sim card, camera, huge storage or retina. It will be tethered to the iPhone via Bluetooth and use the iPhone as its brain. It will have Siri, Apple Maps, Contacts, Calendar, Nike+, FB & Twitter & text notifications, call screening, swipe to auto respond to calls or texts, photo stream, mail, gestures, Apple TV remote with a color touch screen and downloadable watch faces at $.99 a pop. No headphone jack, possibly a speaker and mic to talk to Siri, not water proof. And come in at around $329. The same price as the iPad mini and out June of 2014. I am all in on Agent at this point! Great Job guys! As much as a like Apple products, this watch and project have far more heart and soul and open potential. I know many people on here are backing this to just buy the finished watch, but I'm more interested in being on the journey I have a hard time believing that an announcement of iWatch would cause any sort of problem for AGENT. A new Apple product with a high cost attached that is exclusive to only other Apple products doesn't really appeal to this kind of market. They are similar, but I think the "buy only Apple" crowd would be waiting it out anyways. An apple iwatch is going to be priced $ 800 and as kueh mentioned it will work ONLY with iphones... seriously I got tired of apple products because of this. I'd rather support something smaller and more unique. But everyone does whatever he wants :-) @Chucky: He mentioned the announcement, not the release. That could by in June, who knows... With Apple you will not know until it's really announced. But I don't think an "iWatch"-like product would be an issue. A lot of people these days choose for a Lumia or Android. Or a PC. It's good that there are different products with different specifications, and even more important: different pricings on the market. That gives customers a choice and stimulates all manufacturers to keep innovating. This user's account has been deleted. @Kueh that's true but there are many Apple only users, such as myself. Maybe I'm the minority. On the other hand, the Apple watch may take over the world and set a standard on its own. They have done it before. @FY Long - one other thing for sure is that the apple watch will only work with apple product. They are not the biggest smartphone maker today period. One problem I foresee for you guys: if apple announced iWatch in WWDC in June. @Max Lai - if you can get someone to fashion a C shaped plastic stand and place the charger on top of the C. That should work with any type of band and should not be in the way of the charger. Will the wireless charger still work if I were to replace the band with a metal one? Does the charging only work will laid flat because I rather have a clasp than the buckle straps. If so will you guys consider making a wireless one that you could just "hang" your watch on. So would I be right in presuming that AGENT doesn't support iMessage natively like the Pebble? @Creator: finally a successor to my old MBW-150, I'm in! Regarding Bluetooth LE - details at <url>"noise". Also, can we double our pledge for 2 units? +1 for the SDK and emulator while we wait. =) Are they any custom watches faces that we can view? Can't wait for the SDK! One of the main reasons I backed this :) @Creator When developer tools will be available? Will the list of compatible phones increase? My company issued Phone is an Iphone 4 and I would like to use it with the Agent; will that be possible? @creator - following in CK's question, I use runtastic I my Samsung. Have you emailed them yet or should I do it? Thanks @Pete Brown Coworker picked one up with the idea that he'd be able to do some development on the subway ride from Harlem to Midtown. I admire his ambition and I was pleasantly surprised at Visual Studio 2012's performance on it. It's not particularly cheap and I'd be just as worried about dropping it! @Erik. >> I'd not be very comfortable tipping my laptop in various orientations to test an application in the emulator! Two words: Surface with Windows 8 Pro. (ok, that's more than two words, but you all call it Surface Pro) :) With regard to ambient light, I'd like to throw my hat into adjustable - like a slider. I think it might be a bit simpler than trying to make use of the (possibly not present) ambient light sensor of the host machine too. This would give us a way to test apps as they transition from low light to full light environments. I have no strong opinion on the accelerometer except to say I'd not be very comfortable tipping my laptop in various orientations to test an application in the emulator! Given the (I think) sophistication of the 3D accelerometer in the watch itself - let's say I'm looking forward to see how you make this available in the emulator. :) >>If you've used Netduino or .NET before, it's going to be pretty familiar to you. That's what I'm counting on, and I imagine lots of other developers are as well. I recognize a number of names from the backers here from the Netduino, Gadgeteer, and overall NETMF community. It's really fitting, given that before it went fully open source, NETMF had its beginnings on the Microsoft SPOT watch (and coffee maker and other devices) almost 10 years ago. It has come full circle, but in a much more attractive and powerful package with AGENT, and a much more powerful set of APIs with NETMF 4.3. Do you have an idea yet what will be supported in the beta SDK released at the end of the campaign versus the one you hope to release with the watches? Specifically I'm wondering about the data libraries. I've done a lot of software on Netduinos but never any communication beyond very simple ethernet stuff. I was wondering at what point in the staged I'd be able to start familiarizing myself with the libraries. Yes, there are at least a few Microsoft employees with watches coming :D Yeah, I remember reading something about being able to do SPP, wasn't sure if someone had tried it out yet. I haven't done any MF since I put my last WM6 phone to bed. Although you guys keep tempting me with the Netduino, I have to say. Have never come up with an interesting enough project, though. Could you guys entreaty MS, using your pledge figures as leverage, to show how meaningful it would be to have support for profiles like MAP and SPP in WP vNext? Discrete use cases will help them adjust the priority of their backlog items. It will be good if agent supports most of the sports app such as runkeeper, freecandie and so on. This user's account has been deleted. Hmm, seems that WP8 does not support Bluetooth MAP profile. Is SMS notification supported by Agent? If so is it instantaneous or delayed ? @ Matthew L - The issue is with Windows Phone 8 as the hardware supports it: <url>"you receive a sms " ? Upgrades could be making it IP68 instead of just splash proof I am curious if the look currently shown is the "final design" so to speak? Is there the possibility that the look might change at all before it's shipped? so AGENT can run just one app at a time, the one in the foreground? it's not possible for us to write apps that run in the background and just wait for data? Hello! Just backed your project and can't wait until January!!! Was wondering if you think it's possible for me to add a steel wristband to the watch after it arrives? I'm not a huge fan of leather and prefer the stainless steel/anodized metal wristband. Thanks a bunch! @Creater - This is fantastic. Couldn't wait for the preview SDK. How many apps can run simultaneously on the watch while maintaining connectivity with the smartphone? I mean of I have installed 3 apps from different authors on the phone and all does some background update to the watch, how does that work? Thanks. @Uwe Thomas - If I am not mistaken someone asked earlier and from memory the output from the Qi Charger is rated at 600mA, so it should be able to charge Lumia 920 but slowly. Hope they can twitted it for a 1000mA output before production run. @Kueh - ok, that's fine for me. That leaves the question if it's powerfull enough to charge my Lumia 920. Is it fixed how much power the charger can provide? I know it might be slower to charge the phone but how slow? Will it be charged over night? @Uwe Thomas - the Mini-B should read Micro-B. @Uwe Thomas, The Qi Wireless Charger does not comes with a wall socket charger. It just have a Type-A connector on one end and Mini-B on the other. Will the charger work with the european 230V supply and sockets? Geez my long post got truncated... I was saying you should open a forum or so on your website at some point for feedback and ideas. It would also be a great place to centralize all the request to support various apps and have all the links to the website of these apps where we can create posts to support integration. As with endomondo for instance At some point (in 26 days @Creator I'm actually thinking that I would really like some sort of tracking if I loose my watch or it gets stolen. So if someone else starts using it, it will send me it's location and maybe lock the watch so it cannot be used. Almost 600.000$!!!you guys will be doubling that with no problem... A GPS / locations option would be great @Kueh Maybe even extend that so the next time it pairs with a phone it sends you the location and give you the possibility to somehow lock the watch. Perhaps write some message on the watch screen when locked. Well talking about 128-bit unique identifier. I would be nice to have an option to wipe or block the watch from being used in an event of theft. That would be a nice option to have. @ Secret Labs + House of Horology Thanks for letting us experience this journey with you. These are the best type of projects to back @esben cool website thanks. But I promised I won't look at it too much creator ;) @Creator Yeah I know :) I am just happy you got funded. @Creator: Is each watch uniquely identifiable by software allowing it to be used as a key? Congratulations with the huge amount pledged!! @Franois Check out this trending page: <url>"promising" X number of devices by the end of the year, and it being made all here in the US I am more concerned that a snow storm is going to hold it up on its way from NY to MN. Im also backing another similar ,in function, product in the Embrace+ which ends in 2 weeks delivers in JULY. I have more concern THAT one will be delayed. I guess what I'm saying is if there is anything I'm really noting that they even payed attention to out of the other watch that has everyone so concerned it was production an how to meet their own goals and expectations. I love it! Is it December yet? I want my watch. :) @ Secret Labs + House of Horology As the funds on this amazing project grow will there be more updates on additions to the functionality and looks of the watch? Would love to see something added that is exclusive to Kickstarter backers. P.s very excited at the organic growth of this project I was thinking I would like to develop a watch face that would indicate how much activity I had been doing, and how vigorously. A bit like the fitbit one that I carry in my pocket now. @creator, thanks. Now I understand watch faces will be an application like any other. I got the impression they was more tightly controlled and simplified than that. I mean watch faces. How hard will it be to develop one. Will code samples be available? When will the SDK, design guides, how to guides, etc. be made available? Are you going to approve or QA them before they are made available or will it be a free for all. Will there be any upgrades for reaching a specific amount by backers. ? Thank you I know you guys had said that you will "look into it"... however, I'm sure I speak for many others when I say that it would be awesome if the Qi charger that ships with the watch can also provide enough juice to also charge your phone (using a wall adapter vs. USB). It would be great to just toss the watch charger (which is nice and compact) into a bag when travelling and be able to charge both the watch and my Nexus 4 using the same device. I bumped up my pledge to the watch + charger specifically with that in mind.. I hope you guys can deliver on it! Aside from that one request.... Amazing looking watch... I'm really looking forward to it!!! This user's account has been deleted. On the .Net Micro Framework 4.3 that the Agent watch is based on, Will it be full implementation or just a subset? I think backers are very concerned about the timeline, timeline states that full production begins in December, when will we get the watches? can't wait! This user's account has been deleted. Will the AGENT Smartwatch display any sort of notifications? For example SMS/iMessage, Whatsapp, Facebook notifications and those of any other App? Or will there be some restrictions into that? This project was the final deciding factor in me making my next Phone the Lumia 928. With the support of AGENT on the WP8 OS I decided that itch to change my handset OS has been scratched. Can't wait for the updates throughout the process. Just wanted to thank you for starting such an ambitious and great project as this. I guess it is not easy knowing that the 'Big 3' (Apple, Microsoft & Google) and their partners will be anxiously watching your success for bringing up their own line of watches, and take over the market. However they will surely support their own ecosystems, while you will support all of 'em. This and the enthusiasm you have will make AGENT successful, I'm sure of that. For this and more you have my support (also not only for being so grateful for a great device that will work on Windows Phone). Thank you, looking forward in using this amazing smartwatch in Spain! Hi, Will the clock face show 12 hour as well as 24h? Also will the standard face show date? Thanks Pete @Creator Can you confirm that accelerometer data will be available to app developers? I was hesitating between a wrist band (like the jawbone UP) and a smart watch (like the pebble) but if the Agent can do both then I'm glad I'm backing this project ;-) It's the first time I back a project on Kickstarter, hope there will be no issues with the delivery in France :-) Can i buy two just putting more 199,00 with the pledge? im living in Brazil. I'm excited to be apart of this journey and love the fact more backers mean greater additions to the finished item This user's account has been deleted. New to kickstarter and made my first pledge. Your willingness to support WP8 was the main reason for my pledge. I can't wait for my new smartwatch I am so excited! I don't know if this has been asked before but help me out. Is the backlighting on Agent similar to those light in Pebble and Sony? <url>"pictured above", but I see no image for the leather straps. Only the silicone ones. I'm pretty sure this has been asked already but I can't find the answer anywhere!! Does the Agent record your heart rate or do you need an accessory for this to work? @Developers Changing Watch faces Reply: "So that you feel like you're just checking and unchecking them, not installing and uninstalling apps...am I understanding you correctly? Great feedback." - Yes exactly ! Where the AGENT OS would innately handle the watch face changes. - Kudos on Manufacturing in the USA and keeping that promise. Plus your high standards of excellence. - I am always looking to buy things Made in USA. @creator I never used the app myself but read all the literature and watched the videos when I looked into getting a pebble - I subsequently decided not to invest in that product as it didn't support Wp8 (i switch between economic systems every few years) and the device looked a little on the cheap side. I did invest in your company as you did address both issues. I have sent an email to the developer for you and provided your email address let's see what happens In My opinion AGENT Should have theses basic qualities apart form its main objective of HIDING the FRAGILE smart phones 1)VERY STABLE BLUE TOOTH CONNECTION 2) GOOD BATTERY LIFE 3) SCREEN SHOULD BE READABLE IN BRIGHT SUNLIGHT 4) SHOULD BE ELEGANT TO WEAR 5) AND FINALLY EXTREMELY RUGGED DESIGN AND HARDWARE Rest would evolve over a period of time Congratulation on a success full project and wishes for a smooth conclusion. @creator not sure if this will be any use to you, have you heard of augmented smart watch on <url># dev. I'm relying on there being a community of developers who can easily share / give away / sell (if they must!!) apps with the rest of us. Creator Secret Labs + House of Horology 2 days ago @Huang Mu-Ti -- so sorry, I didn't know that model was a phone. Cool. The Bluetooth 4.0 radio in the production AGENT watches is dual-mode, so it works with both classic Bluetooth (2.1/3.0) and the new Bluetooth Low Energy mode (only found in Bluetooth 4.0). So if you have Android 2.3 or newer, and Bluetooth 2.1 or newer, you should be good to go. This let me wonder why the iphone 4 which use the BT2.1+EDR can work with AGENT, I don't have iphone 4, just wonder why. The MSRP is pretty close to the "I'm Watch", and they use TFT display which has better looking, higher cost but more battery usage. Besides, the OS they use is base on android(as I understand), which is very similar to our smartphone, so that could me more easy to learn to use it, does the Agent OS better than that, or Agent has very different philosophy in design? Congratulations on 3000 backers and $545,000. Looking forward to what that means in Apps. Looking forward to my Christmas present. @creator aww :( Wanted to get one for myself and for the missus.. Have you guys thought about reaching out to any specific companies for partnerships, like Loseit or Fitbit to have their apps interface with the watch? It would be cool to be able to tie in activity data straight to apps that are already popular on the market. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Katsumi Taki: I would advise you NOT to switch from vachan watch to agent watch, but to pledge for both instead. They are 2 smart watches with many differences. I pledged for both as they would be wonderful additions to my wrist :) @Alibek Makmudov - From what I understand, as long as you can read the message from the smartphone be it from the notification center or specific app then you can then in turn deliver the message, notification, etc to the watch where an application can accept and display the message and perform action (vibrate). So there will be two apps, one on the smartphone and one on the watch. Thanks all for your insightful comments. Just a short question here: are notifications app-specific, or unified under iOS Notification Center? I understand, it largely depends on Apple's SDKs, though if the latter is true, it would be fantastic :) Hope you can shed some light on this. I'm honored to back your project, and wish you all best with R&D and production. Would love an app that used maps on my phone to do simple turn by turn, distance to destination. my pledge was switched from vachan watch to agent watch. can't wait. I am curious as to how confident you guys are at being able to ship these by December. I have backed a few projects, all of them delayed many months after the fact because of "unexpected delays". 84% of Kickstarter top projects missed their shipping date by the end of 2012. I love this watch and am currently backing it. I would just like to reassurance that I won't be waiting till next May to receive the product. Make it Amsterdam, my hometown :-) but first do the SDK :-) so we can hack .. or do an online community so we can join forces, with on off your 'experts' as leader inside a buildtopic to give tips and 'insider' tricks.. being a professional self employed .net developer since .net beta 1, I think this will bring some nice opportunities for developers.. for private usage or even business wise... So thanks again for bringing this product and congrats on the progress of the pledges.. Probably will be 2 faces.. 1 for your account, profit loss status, and breakdown on the various open trades in the various currencies, the first part should be top and iff you want to seen the breakdown you need to scroll down.. hopefully you can start/stop scrolling so that in first instance you one see the most important data, and need to scroll for more detail. Second face. Would be you 'favorite currencies' scrolling if needed... That seems cool to me..as I check my accounts way to regularly So will it be possible to stop/start based o a button input? That would be awesome.. Too bad I am in the Netherlands otherwise I surely would be on one of the hackathlons, bummer ;-( So I hope there will be some form of emulator in the SDK I meant forex markets instead of codex ;-) Congrats guys, amazing project. I just received my Pebble but could not resist to back the Agent also, mainly because of the easier app development. Two questions: 1) will the battery be USER replaceable or would we have to send the watch back for replacement? 2) My concern with the Agent is the low resolution display (128x128), which is lower than the Pebble (144x168). On that watch, graphical watchfaces look very pixelated, so I guess this will be even worse with the Agent. Is there any possibility of improvement on this side? Thanks. I would love to build a face to track currency exchange markt and My codex trading account .. I think I'll start building the win8phone app and keep room For the agent integration. SO collecte data trom multiple source, your trading account and the current prices of the various currencies. Don't know it the agent will be able toscroll. But having my state of trading account on a watch would be really cool!!! +1 for the map. Samsung GIII as you know now :p This watch looks incredible! Just as a general shout out to those genius minds out there, I would love to have a map app (or one that links to the map apps on my phone) on a watch ;) What do you think of making the watch bands so that they function similar to this belt... <url>"English and accented characters" font on the device. Of course apps can embed any font they'd like in any language. And even better--the extra Kickstarter funds are going to help us license fonts for other character sets (such as Cyrillic) so that notifications come through in your native language. There are some limitations since apps might not know what to do with beautiful RTL languages like Hebrew--and some character sets are just too huge for a little watch. We're not sure how much this is going to cost, or if some of them might need to be small software add-ons (via an app store), but we're aware and we're working on it. This project looks amazing! Can't wait for December. Thanks for supporting Windows Phone as well! As a WP8 user it's nice not to be left out as a slightly smaller phone OS! :) @Chris & Team I just wanted to say thank you. Thank you for being so transparent and responsive here. It's been very imformative and encouraging. It sounds like yall have a solid business plan and won't falter as many projects on here have, due to being unprepared or overpromising. I am looking forward to the final 26 campaign days and more media! @Evgeny Makarkhin Another backer asked a similar question - here's the previous response from SL/HH: "@Jos Antonio Castao - AGENT's user interface is in English. Your content (caller ID, music tracks, notifications) will be in your native language. With enough volume we can also translate the main user interface into foreign languages--but that is a pretty big project for down the road. We have a plan to cover most major character sets, with Latin characters pre-loaded on the watch. More on that soon." @creator Thanks for great project. Will it support utf8? I personally interested in supporting cyrillic characters for messeges. @Vernon Lorenzo You can't pledge for multiples. This is a Kickstarter change to discourage campaigns from acting as marketplaces. The SL/HH comments previously indicated that backers who want more watches could potentially be added to a "priority queue" to receive additional watches once all the backer's pledges had been fulfilled. They suggested contacting them directly - probably when the campaign is over. (Hey SL/HH - maybe this could be a question in the shipment address / watchband color survey?) Sorry for my unclear language - I've been in 6 hours of meetings straight and my lunch was lukewarm generic pizza from our office cafe scarfed down in a 10 minute window between them. Basically - I thought people might find a base for their charger to be a cool accessory. Something that elevates it if the size is right to accommodate different watch bands sliding underneath the charger and the base itself possibly acting as a carrying case / protector and place to store the USB cable during transit. A 3D printable design would be sweet - something I could have made up through Shapeways or something. @creator How can I pledge for 2 watches? I was inspired by people asking about different types of watch bands - I guess some that are full-loop style. I understand these won't be optimal for the the charging station since the watch needs to lie flat and there can be no metal between the coils. Someone else asked about 3D printing their own watch housing for the internals. This got me thinking - if we had the size specifications for the Qi charger, someone could easily make a (or a couple) different types of "bases" that would elevate it (possibly at an angle so it can be seen - what does the watch show when it is charging - still the notifications or just the big battery as shown in the project image?) which might give people a chance to use full-loop watch bands. Of course I don't know if the Qi charger is too big for the full loop to fit around it while unclasped. If it could, I could easily see some cool pedestal bases for the charger being welcome. If someone was particularly good with design, maybe the base itself could be a case for the charger to protect it from scratches and dings during transit, hold the USB cable, fold flat for storage, etc. It might just be my own mind wandering on the subject. I haven't had a watch band like the one shown for many years! Being a large man with large wrists, I never had much luck with them and have always gone the way of metal expandable watch bands. I know there's probably a cheaper source for extended length latch-style (I really should learn what these different types of watch bands are properly called) and I'm sure I'd adapt but it was a funny idea I decided to share anyway. I'm actually not particularly enthused about 2 watch straps. It might be a significant amount of money to give everyone a second strap where some might not even want the one (you'll see what I mean in a moment). I would much rather that money be used on supporting developers so there are more features or resources to draw on at watch launch. Haha don't worry I was a bit too short for the $2500 pledge anyway. :p I just meant that tell us what number you have in mind and us backers will make it happen ;) anyway your last comment says it all. Can't wait for these next updates!! Thanks again @CREATOR - How much you need? :D Speaking of weather, can you use agent to alert you if the storm/rain is coming? @ secret labs :-) I have had my eye on smart watches for years this is the first one I have decided to take the plunge and buy, many have met my craving for geekness but yours appears to be the first to marry up geek and function in a good looking good quality device at an affordable price I salute you sir thanks I agree with @Dung a strap can easily be replaced but you can't replace the main body of the watch plus a well made leather or silicon strap will last year's and most people I guessing won't be bothered replacing a strap to match there outfit - I can't even be bothered to change the time when it's daylight saving which is why my other watches sets itself (like the Agent will too) Personally, I would rather have a better finished product than 2 straps - premium coating, higher grade materials, etc. Also, money to hold hackalons, etc., for the developer community and support, etc. watchfaces I already have a very nice analogue watch and a very nice digital one so for this watch I'd love call watch face that would be different to have on a traditional watch something that makes others go Thsts cool and unusual so something like...... a digital watch the bottom half the screen with the weather/sunrise /sunset above it with picture and words (maybe updated ever 4 hours) or the time written in words the bottom half of the screen and the date above in Friday 24 May format above it @Andre Koschyk and @Secret Labs + House of Horology Yeah...if they could include at least 2 that would be great :p In terms of different watch faces, I'd like to see some kind of chronograph watch face. Anything funky but readable - the geek in me says a binary watch face, but I'm not sure I fancy spending too long working out what time it is, particularly in the middle of the night! @caleb wong - I think two straps would be great! I am looking forward to the dev SDK.. Would be really cool to write apps on Win8 phone coupled with the phone.. I would like to have a crack at this, creating faces.. Since it has passed the pledge level of $100,000 for 5 times already, would you consider giving us both straps? Or any extra upgrades/stretch goals (more on hardware) so we could get a more high quality watch? :) Congrad! I got two watches pledging already :p Can the watch face be displayed all the time? And does that damage or hurt the screen at all, or use up more power? Thanks! @Swapner: I like when you say "late". It's been only two days :D So much expectation for this project, it's awesome. @creator, when you say this " It looks like some native APIs are missing for Android app compatibility, and possibly Android Bluetooth support". Does it concern only BB users or also Samsung users? @Creator-- Please add all the answers that you gave here in the FAQ section. So that those who came late like me can get all the answers at a time. I know there are a few of us who have inquired about using sapphire on the lens and I know you've said you're still in the testing phase. If it doesn't pan out could you still kindly let us know that? Otherwise I'm going to be on the edge of my seating every time you reach a certain level of funding and say you'll be announcing an enhancement/reward of some kind. :) lol, it's still but it's probably the only enhance I care about. Bit of fun - there's about $250,000 left for the December watches. When do you think they'll sell out (New York time zone, of course). I'm going for 12:32 Saturday Over 5 times your goal! Way to go. I can't wait. [Still hoping for BlackBerry support on the Z10 and/ or a developer or two that likes the phone :-) ] Can I add some amount to my pledge in order to get extra strap? How much should I add if I can do that? Thank you. In 76 hours you hi $500,000! That's phenomenal! Congrats on the amazing progress and I hope the momentum continues! @Creator: When you start uploading some more pics, how about a side by side comparison between the two different watch strap options? Will make it easier for people to choose, I think. Ok, I did it... I'm just too much of a technology and watch lover :) Go for it AGENT !!! And everyone using Endomondo, click on the link to support the integration ! Can a dual time watchface be offered as one of the default option ? Yes I'll be getting my lockitron soon and would love the watch to work with it. I'll ask them over twitter! congrats on the 1/2 million mark! 500.000! Well done!!!! @Creator Thank you for the fast responce. Hello, will the Watch schow the hours also in 24h (or only in AM/PM)? @creator: Sounds great! Came across this picture on the Agent Twitter of their current dev board. I found it interesting and other backers may too, <url>"smart watch." That is where you will find the difference. You can patent exact design, but not concept. @Sean: Apple vs. Samsung @ Frank That is almost like stating that GM copied Ford, and that Ford would then be able to stop GM from production. @Creator: This might sound crazy, but can you include an IR transmitter in the watch? This way, it will be able to control a lot many equipments in the house! :) What is the water resistance goal? I asked this question earlier and read the information that you linked in the email reply. Very interesting information that is good to know for my current watch collection. On the main page it does state ATM is TBD, but do you guys have a goal in mind? It is quite obvious that you have copied Pebble's concept. Do you see any risk that they could prevent you from doing this. Cheers Frank Something else that I'm curious about, pairing to multiple devices,but not simultaneously. For example, when I'm out and about I will want it paired to my phone, but, say, at home I'd want it paired to my PC so I could update apps, download app data for analysis, whatever else I could think of! I presume there'd be some kind of choice on the agent to pair to a specific device that it already knows about? I would also imagine that is another way to get apps onto the device, not phone the phone but from another bluetooth enabled device? I suggested the Agent Watch as a channel of IFTTT, if enough backers do the same they'll likely reach out. <url>"Does IFTTT have an API? Can I create my own Channel? Were building a Channel Platform to allow anyone with an API to create a Channel! To receive updates as development progresses, fill out this short survey. If youre a hardware manufacturer with an API, email us at <email> to discuss potential integrations." Does this work? <url>#faq_50232 I 'm thinking about deezer app.... It could be pretty cool ! Do you think it's possible ? First time backing such a expensive project, so pardon my question. How do I order 2 watches? Sorry if this had been asked. Cant find it @Chris, In you reply to @Clev Wong, you mentioned about two slave Bluetooth connection, How about the video where the young lady watch is connected to the heart rate monitor then connected to the phone for GPS information. How is it connected in relation to master - slave between the devices? Thanks. @Dennis, Creator answered that before in the comments. They said they will address this problem. Look at these comments for more details. @creator I think you need to work on a quick FAQ ;) Otherwise might keep asking similar questions. Hello, there was another smartwatch (pebble) on kickstarter. There was a problem in at least Germany and Belgium with the customs in these lands. The watches had some problems concerning a missing information for batterys and other stuff that you have to give with a product in germany. Will you adress this problem so that the smartwatches will not be any problems? Sorry for the mistakes, my English is only school-based. Thanks, Richter ps. i also asked this question as a "frequens questions". On german sites this problem is adressed quiet often. You can't change the material sine the certifying process, but is that possible I open the watch and make a new case(just the case if they are unibody), then replace it? @A Blue - Did u mention you use a Blackberry? @Creator - Isn't there no direct BB support for the AGENT? At least not yet anyways... I mean yes some apps will run with it because of Bluetooth, but full functionality is not certain/guaranteed, yes? Haha i've been reading all the comments since I was the 3rd one to do so and finally chose to speak again <3 You guys :) @Chad - I agree. Unless they can come up with and introduce a killer piece of hardware, stick with what they've got and that they can deliver and pour any additional funds into software. I appreciate margins on the Kickstarter watches will be low and they new to keep to a number they can deliver ASAP, but get the big apps bought into this. Integration with existing apps, both native and cross platform is key. Things like WhatsApp are massive, Hangouts will become it and BBM is coming to iOS and Android this year. Bring in Runkeeper or similar together with a few other key apps and there's everything you could need. Do we have long press function on the right 3 buttons? Please use the extreme interest in your product to begin communication with major app vendors. I for one would not like you to even entertain custom engraving and things like that but rather focus on the SDK and evangelizing the product. Killer app on pebble for me is the official Runkeeper integration. Saves me from buying a 200 running watch with GPS on it. All I need is the Runkeeper app and the pebble watch, no other 3rd party packages and I get 2 way communication. Thanks, Stefan. I hope. I have a Pebble and the most frustrating thing for me is the very limited ram available on the Pebble for watch faces. I would love to be able to have more that 7 watch faces (4 standard Pebble watch faces and only 2-3 watch faces from the SDK) stored on the watch itself. It would be cool to have the ability to store ALOT more watch faces on the watch itself for convent fast switching or some way to store the watch faces on my smartphone and have a quick easy way to transfer the watch faces over. Pebbles ability is currently very cumbersome. @Jos: Since everything will be open source, I would guess it's possible to translate everything. I hope there will be translation files. One thing I would absolutely use the AGENT for is music control, keeping my phone in an inner pocket or backpack with a wired headset connected while riding motorcycle. What I want is the ability to change the volume using the watch (only need Vol up/down and play/pause). Is this possible? Play/pause I know will work, but what about the Volume control? Will likely buy a Samsung Galaxy S4 soon to pair with the watch. Are mostly using the Spotify app for music. One question: Phone menus? Would come in Spanish or only English? Any thoughts for home automation integration? Any update for 500k mark? Any stretch goal for 500k mark? :) Do you have a menu screen? Something like settings, factory restore (although I saw u mention hard button reset), shutdown, firmware upgrade and so on? Since this watch is target for Bluetooth 4.0 LE phone and Secure simple pairing mode (random 6 digits) is introduced since v2.1, I believe most phones already support this SSP. Will you consider that? Oh, yet another few questions: Is multi point tech gonna be in there? I use two phones, 1 android for work and ihone for personal uses. I do not want to wear 2 AGENT watches. And will there be a portable battery (USB stick size) that I could use with the AGENTs? I could not help but notice that in the video when the guy was on the bike and the lady was just running by, the watches could have communicated "nterest" or they could have stopped to exchange contact details. Is something like that likely to be implemented? Thanks again @Secret Labs + House of Horology Will you also launch an app for the AGENT @Creator, thanks so much for all the answers, I have a Pebble but was so excited by the AGENT that I backed it :) A question though : If my phone sends multiple notifications to AGENT at the same time, will they stack so that I can see all he notifications ? Or how are you guys planning to handle this ? In the intro movie I see that the guy who is controlling the Music via the AGENT has a white one. Will the AGENT be available in diffrent colors (For example stainless steel silver, white, black, etc) Thanks for your previous comment @Secret Labs + House of Horology Is the Agent watch going to support profile by default?. I would like to think is a good idea, setting time of date where certain function is switched off like Bluetooth from 1am to 7am, vibrating mode, etc Hi, yes, it is a game that I am developing. I just wanted to find out if I could do that. It is a game on a mobile device. Sorry to get back at you on question 2 but the thing that I'm not sure of is that if I'm using my watch as a timepiece normally with bluetooth off it means I won't notifications coming from my phone right? 'cause I need the bluetooth on to get notifications right? Thanks for clarifying. One more thing came to my mind: Will we have a showing of the battery charge on the watch face like in our smartphone to keep track of how much charge do we still have? Will it be somewhere else? i actually i think it would be a pit ugly to have it on the watch face mode (I like the way it is on your pictures) but I think it's important to keep track of the battery charge in an easy way. Thanks @creator, CK: On the date option on analog watch face please have option to put it the european way: day/month/year. I get sooo confused when the month comes first. @CK Awesome idea the idea about getting a gps location where our phone got lost, that'd be a killer!! @Creator: You guys are doing an amazing job so far being available so much for us. Your product looks awesome but I love even more the fact that you're trying to create a community of developers/users beyond of the product. Everyone knows that 50% of the success of the Iphone is due to the fact that they were backed by talented developers that created very cool apps and made the Iphone more awesome than it was. Very happy to see that we already count some skilled developers in here very eager to create some nice apps for us. Thanks guys! questions: 1) I guess it will be very easy to switch between the anglo saxon AM/PM and the 24h setting that we use in france for example right? 2) Just to get back to CK's 4) question and your answer 'cause I don't follow you: You say that they won't be any bluetooth in watch face mode. So to understand, we can say that in watch face mode the bluetooth is kinda on standby and just "wake up" when notifications appear or when we start to use apps on our watch? Thanks again @Chris. Yes I did mean running a power hungry app for 24 hours just to see what the worst could happen in battery life. I was not trying to be awkward. Thanks again for answering all of my, sometimes maybe stupid, questions. Your campaign skills are faultless and comment support excellent. I highly recommend Secret Labs sir. Do we still need to key in passcode? Why not implementing secure simple pairing mode which is faster and easier for user? Regarding disconnection, i thought there is a way to turn off Bluetooth so it is not always in discoverable mode? For analog watch face, i think the best is to also have date and day display like some actual analog watch. For the phone app, do you have last gps location/ map where the phone gets disconnected? So we can find our way back to find the watch;) @Chris. Thanks for the info. So from what I asked, the watch has: 7 days battery life for a simple little extremely low power app. Maybe time date etc. Then battery life of just a little more than 1 Day for a medium power app. To summarise:- Battery life: 7 Days best Battery Life: 1 Day normal app usage. (if in constant use). Like a lot of people with smart phones. OK. Thanks for that. @Chris- It would be nice to have the power management being logged by the watch by default for debug as well as troubleshoot purpose, for example over a fix period of 30days. If an application is not in the foreground, can it get awaken or notified over Bluetooth connection with the phone?. I was wondering if the SDK can also manage things like game notifications? For example, I have a game that needs me to build something and when that is done, I usually get a notification on the phone. But can the AGENT handle this on its display? U guys' reply are pretty fast, amazing! Simple questions: 1) How do you do pairing from the watch? 2) how to manually connect and disconnect from watch? 3) What's a typical battery life for an analog watch face with seconds running or a digital watch face with seconds running? Still able to achieve 30 days? 4) I believe I saw it somewhere but can't remember. Watch face-only mode refers to no Bluetooth connection, right? @Francois. Thank you sir. I was starting to think that I was the only person. I hate to look like an awkward bugger. *an update Let's just create about battery life and comment in there. I find your question very important A blue. I d be interested to know more about it too. @Chris, Thank you. Please do not think that I am being awkward. I understand why you want this conversation to continue in private. But for the sake of everyone who has backed you, who actually wants to know (and I may be the only person), please just tell me, or us, how long the battery really does last for. You have told me that you have based your quotations for battery life on math. Just please give me the math you used. Super low power app = how many hours of constant use before the battery goes flat. Medium power use app = how many hours of constant use before the battery goes flat. High power use app = how many hours of constant use before the battery goes flat. Simple. I am not asking for much here guys. Just the MAIN reason for backing the project is the MAIN number one selling point that you push and have so far made an absolute fortune from. The battery life. Many Thanks. Oh and I appologise to everyone who thinks that I am being a **** and asking unfair questions. That is just me, I work really hard for every penny and like to feel confident that I am getting a good deal. With precision power metering built into the watch, my question is it possible to have details on which app is taking what percentage of battery usage? How about CPU time taken by application over time? Thanks. Hi, Thanks for the reply guys to my stupid questions. But, you have used math to estimate the battery life. Just tell me please in that math, how long does the battery last from fully charged to flat (exhausted) if an app is running constantly. Just like if I put my radio on, how long, in hours or days does it run from full to flat batteries. Just a three examples will do. Example one a super low consumption app, one medium and one power zapper. Virtually your whole campaign is based on the LONG battery life. That is why I and possibly many of your backers have chosen to back your well run campaign. I think the backers need to know what we will get from the product we have backed and how to get the very best service from the watch. Many Thanks @Adam Scott - The watch does not comes with a piezo beeper or speaker so there will be no sound from the watch itself. The only way to get notification is via the vibrating motor. hope this helps Sorry I didn't mean actually silent, but i.e just a vibrating alarm rather than an audible one so if you wear it to bed it only wakes you up? Hopefully that makes sense. Not sure if it's something you will be able to do in version 1 but it would be cool! And keep up the great customer service - particularly after what some other projects went through with lack of contact (not naming names) its nice to see you are on the ball! When do you guys sleep? I mean I'm amazed by this 24/7 customer service ;) Alright will do thanks Excellent. It just gets better. Thanks for the description. Just to make oine thing clear, please, when you say "We make educated guesses about how often you'll be getting notifications and how often you'll be running apps. And then we arrive at a number". Can you tell me how many hours of use you have guessed that the watch will be used for while running apps and how that compares to the battery life stated. So what I want to know, please, is an example of a common useful app and how long the battery will last while this app is being constantly used. Most mobile phone companies give estimated figures for battery life in constant use. Also many reviews, simply run an active app, or music, or video etc. until the battery is totally flat. Then that is the real life expectance of the battery. Very sorry if this is garbled. I hope you understand what I am asking. I use my blackberry quite a lot throughout the day using apps. It can be a battery killer. one more question would vb.net be supported or only c# oo wow more than my netduino alright thanks With regards to the alarm, do you think you would be able to incorporate a 'silent alarm' like the fitbit flex? Appreciate that isn't a watch but the vibrate function instead of a noise would be really useful for those that wear it to bed? Really looking forward to this watch arriving. Just to make things absolutely clear for me and to keep my, maybe overactive, mind at rest, can someone please just confirm these questions: What is the actual battery life when the watch is being run in bluetooth mode. By that I mean when it is actively accepting data from the smart phone it is tethered to. I think this it termed generic use. Then also what is the battery life when the watch is in passive mode. By that I mean when the watch is displaying the clock face 'time' and still in a ready state to instantly accept information like texts etc. from the smart phone it is tethered to. Finally, please tell me what method was used to come to these battery life stats. Please keep any replies in laymans terms. Coz I aint exactly a techy person. Thanks again for a nice campaign to follow. Top marks for replies from the team to stupid questions like mine. How much memory will the watch have to store these apps For the music app, do you think we ll be able to browse through our list of songs to select the one we want or we ll just just be be able to select the one before or the one after the song will be playing at that moment? One of the way that I want to use the alarm is to have an App in WP8 where it will read my Calendar schedule and then set the corresponding alarm on the watch. The problem with the existing WP8 scheduled alarm there is no way to set a custom sound notification as well as the default one is very soft and is very short in duration so 9 out of 10 times I will miss the notification. Hope this will help to justify for a programmable alarm. There are other uses for programmable alarm. How about scheduling for alarm to trigger at a specific time? Will that be available in Version 1 and will it be accessible via the SDK? Thanks. I have a couple of questions here. 1) With WP8 it is possible to get almost instant notification of an incoming call or SMS to the Agent Watch. My Question is what other near instant notification can be get with WP8? 2) Is it possible via the Agent SDK to get event triggered activation of Apps? For example a scheduled wake up of a specific app at a predefined time. Thanks. @creator: just so I understand more about it: But so this wouldn't make a difference in my experience if I'm using bluetooh LE or SPP? I would assume there will be a difference between using one or the other right? Is it the same for WP and OS? Thanks for being so kind with all my questions! Gotcha. I like the leather strap upgrade, thanks for that. Would be awesome to see what else we can pack into the watch in terms of upgrades as the funding begins to ramp up. I know you mentioned that some funds would go towards technical doc writing, building an app store, etc. which I fully support, but would love to see what we can do in terms of those other components that were left out last minute to support a certain price point. One idea is to upgrade KS watch components as we go higher in funding, while keeping the retail watches the way it is now. This will incentivize those who are on the fence, to jump in to take advantage of KS exclusives. Just a thought. Just a general question - when you were designing this watch, did you keep price point in mind? I would guess that with your no compromise philosophy, you didn't pay attention to the price until after the watch was designed. I don't mind paying more for a watch that will last me years. :) @Secret Labs: I'm sorry if you're answered this before; I know that the Agent has a Vibration Motor for Alerts. How about a Piezo Buzzer or speaker for Alerts/Alarms? Ok thanks I had found different things on the subject. But I forgot to look in the samsung official website... #dumb @Franois I did a quick search for the specifications of that phone. If this is right, it appears it has Bluetooth 4 (LE) listed. <url>"custom" design? :p And will there be any brand logos/limited numbers for the early birds backers/kickstarter backers wordings at the back plate of the watch? also pm -ed you...:) Hope you could have a look. Thanks! Hey, do you ear about Melon ? An other kickstater project which I'm backing), i think it could be pretty cool that you take contact with them and evolve both project to they become compatible and soooo sweet and smart !! <url>"work out of the box" - with the phone and without the phone, as a standalone watch. I am looking forward to this post. Also - since the full SDK will come out near the end of July, developers should have a good 5 months to work on apps before any one of us backers gets a hand on one of these things. Question: Will you guys set up a forum/community for us Agent users? It would be neat to keep a heads up on development - here and also in a forum type setting, like what XDA does. @Creator, if you ever come to France let me know: croissants, cheese & wine are on me for coming up with this beautiful innovative project! I just wonder however, I got a bit confused with all you guys going so technical. Will developers have to create app specifically to work with the watch? what I mean is how will I know that some apps are compatible with the watch and that I can put them in the gateway? Because when I read these many comments that I have the impression that many things will be compatible but that at a same time developers will be working on apps specific for the watch and that you guys will come up with some kinda appstore.. Thanks for clarifying! @creator Thank you for supporting Windows Phone! Very excited to see it uses the .NET Micro Framework. Would love to get my hands on the SDK soon. A few questions, 1) What would be a ball park weight of the watch? 2) Will you provide a power adapter along with the USB cable charging plate? 3) Does the watch keep a constant connection with the phone? How is the watch going to read things like GPS location etc.? Does it need a companion app/service running on the phone? One other question: I assume the Flash memory used for persistent storage is non-volatile, so it will retain data even when the battery dies completely or is removed? And when the battery does die entirely, will the current time be lost, or will it power down leaving just enough power for the RTC unit? Any problems to ship to France specifically? What about the shipping problems ? I'm thinking about pebble's problem to send their product in Europe (in german for example..) Because there are some mistakes in papers..... Thanks for the response to even what could be considered a negative comment. I think the black looks best, but perhaps a bit too on the grey side for me (the HoH site you linked to actually describes it as 'dark gray'). I think the best option for me would be a third party strap as this point, but I'm willing to give your straps a shot first. Maybe they will look better in person to me. Anyways, love the project and I'm glad someone if filling in the holes where other such devices couldn't. I'll be glad to have the watch around my wrist. Are there plans for ifttt.com support as well? What is the expected life if the watch? Such as how many charges it can hold until it loses its charge? Can the battery be replaced? Also remember that with iOS 7 due this fall we may see more API and open system for iPhones being that forstall has left. @creator Could you confirm me that all the watch functions are compatible with Iphone 4S or superior model and its operative system? Best regards, @Maxime Chris said that the SDK will be ready either right after the campaign or at the end of the campaign (don't recall which) so I'd assume in about a month +/-. The good thing is SDK-wise this whole project leans on Visual Studio (including free express edition) and NETMF which are both mature. With the emulator/simulator that sounds like we could start working on apps really soon. Does the App should be ready before the end of the month ? I could give more "concret" to this project.. Or some programmers can start to create watchface and apps ? @Huang You mentioning powerpoint got me thinking (as I do a lot of presentations at big events). I wonder if anyone has experimented with using accelerometers for drawing. It's not an absolute position so you get accumulation of error, but would be cool to wave my arm around to draw something on a giant screen (projected from a PC). Practical: no. Fun: heck yeah :) some of people I know think that smartwatch is kind of useless but only funny and "cool" stuff. But if it has the function like I said (powerpoint for example, but not only), smartwatch can become something that is not just a second little display of smartphone(although that is very something already, a separate , little and just there monitor can bring a lot of convenience,though not necessary, in smart devices using.) That is why I would like to know if AGENT have the possibility to doing that(and not just fancy it can). @Pete Brown, Well we certainly all ove Secret labs. Good on them for doing so well with this campaign. However, Like I said, I carefully sourced all of the components, measured them, combined the volume and then allowed for a bit of space and yes you would get the components into that oval shape, if, the base is maybe a little concave to give a little more extra area. I do back both watches. Wht I think that a watch with mic and camera etc. is a good idea, well why not. The 10 Days is a stand by time. I think that with some careful manaugement of the components that the battery could last that long. But then Im not th expert Pete. I am just another fool maybe. We will see. I must say though, some people are getting very prickly when it comes to anyone mentioning other watches. Take for example some really nice devices like the im Watch or the Swap watch etc. etc. I think they are all cool. My questions now about the Agent is how heavy is it. It can support traditional chines, but just not a built in support, right? Thanks for your answer! Is that possible to make a special version that use titanium case?(I just love this kind of metal :P) It works only with WP8 or with WP7 also? I already pledged to get one Agent, but if WP7 is supported, then I need more :) Having looked at other watches, this is the first one which seems capable of meeting deadlines and specs. I didn't want to go there, but since it came up several times in the comments, I looked at the X1. It's easy to mock stuff in photoshop. As someone who has built small electronics devices, I can tell you that there's no way. It seems like a great idea, but I'd love to seen an engineering drawing showing how you pack a camera, flash, SD card, touch screen, back light, USB, speaker, mic, in there, accounting for the thickness of the titanium sidewalls and bottom, and still have room for *expandable* memory and a processor in something supposedly thinner than an iPhone (thinner than a phone from a company that obsesses about thin.) That's not even accounting for the battery and the fact that faster processors, color screens and more memory all mean more battery drain and therefore bigger battery to meet specs. I call shenanigans on that one for sure. The flexible funding campaign is a dead giveaway in any case. I'm not one for conspiracy theories (or ancient aliens), but I find it odd that the person here making the X1 claims and saying he/she is a backer doesn't actually show up in the backer list. Maybe I missed it, or maybe someone pushing an agenda. Just seemed suspect. There is another watch which claims a 1ghz processor, color screen and 48 hour battery life. Again, I have to give that one the raised-eyebrow Spock look. Most full-sized android phones, with full-size batteries, don't even get 48 :) Anyway, not that I need to defend a highly successful project, but I backed the AGENT because: - I've seen Secret Labs deliver time and again. I have a Netduino, a Netduino Plus, a Netduino Mini, Netduino Go and modules. All are top quality and delivered on time. That doesn't even count all the other things Secret Labs has done outside the Netduino area. - I've been on the secret labs / netduino community forums for years. The support Secret Labs has provided the community has been awesome. I would expect similar support here and similar community engagement on building apps. - Secret labs is working with an actual watch manufacturer. I don't think the importance of this can be overstated. There was a time when I considered building my own smart watch, but quickly discovered it was far beyond my capabilities. It's not that any one part is too hard, but that you NEED an actual watch maker, someone making consumer products in this form factor, to provide the expertise on all the things you might not otherwise think of. So I'm in for one with a charger :) I build and help others build Windows and Windows Phone apps. I can't wait to build some apps that span Windows Phone, Windows, other devices and this watch, all using the same language and tools. I already have an idea for using the accelerometer in it to provide a bit of a roland d-beam type control (minus any actual IR) to control a synthesizer app. Or maybe some innovative games (between the device and the watch, you have two accelerometers, one per hand, could do something fun there). Lots of other things you can do when you think of "better together" scenarios between phone/tablet/ultrabook/watch :) @ Secret Labs + House of Horology -- Not case colors, but just the strap accent color. I think black leather with purple thread would look mighty nice :) But that's understandable, no problem. @Dung Nguyen but the girl in video do use the AGENT as a rate detector. am I seen it wrong? Guys as I was asking you about support for blackberry 10 and your reply that if you get way more than your pledged goal then you would do it. Well 400000 os definitely way above the pledged amount. So please let people with BlackBerry 10 know that you will support them too. I know you guys are in NY and that there probably ain't a lot of BlackBerry owners there but blackberry is very solid in a lot of other countries. I see soo much wp8 support I am sure if you guys get in with BlackBerry support as well we will see some more interest. @Huang The Agent does not have a heart rate monitor. What it does is communicate, via bluetooth, with one and displays the information on the screen. Which sensor is used to detect hear beep rate? Is there going to be an option for no stitch accent on the band? Not to be a debby-downer, but stitch accenting hasn't been in the fashion world since the 90s for a reason (except maybe for shoes). I realize it's an easy way to add color and offer a but of personality, but I think the option to also not have it included should be there as well. @creator: congratulations on quadrupling your funding goal in such a short time! This is awesome! I've got a question regarding the support for far-eastern characters: is the watch capable of displaying characters like, say, Japanese kanas or Chinese characters? @Huang +1 to the idea of connecting to a laptop for controlling a PowerPoint presentation. Hopefully some skilled developer goes ahead with that. @creator: My question is that I have an iphone 4s, and as you know it has the IOS. Is it possible that due to that IOS system all kind of messages and alerts that come to my iphone are going to be recognized by Agent?. Finally, I just want to tell you that I love the project and that you are doing a great job. Congratulations! @Huang If the laptop has bluetooth, I think the Agent will be able to connect to it and do as you suggested, provided a developer develops a software to connect and to bind keys. The current primary developments for Scret Labs is for iphone/android/WP8 support so we won't have those functionality just yet. @ A Blue - you sure you're just a backer of the X1 and nothing more? Why anyone would want a watch with cameras, speaker, microphone etc using current technology I'm not sure. However, if that is what you want fine. But try reading the perfectly presented specs on the Agent watch rather than asking leading questions about bits they've clearly not said they're providing. support WP8 is not what the difference I want to be answer (though it is great for one who have them but not me, and since more people have AGENT, there will be likely more apps or product that work with AGENT). The answer I want to know is something like that AGENT can be use as a power point remote controller(just make a example), because it's possible for AGENT to connect to phone and the phone can connect to Macbook or laptop(and control it by app), or AGENT can connect to laptop directly, and all the button can be sign as "next" "previous" or something needed. The point is this "kind" of function or application or feature are only possible on AGENT, and then it do all the same thing as a $400 smartwatch, so back this project is the right thing to do. @Huang Mu-Ti -- Hi! If I'm interpreting what you're saying correctly, you're asking what the core differences are from other smart watch offerings. Right now the net is cast very wide and a lot of people are using the term "smart watch" for things that might more accurately be described as "digital watch." In that case, the ability to load apps right onto the watch itself is the distinguishing feature. Another distinguishing feature appears to be WP8 support. The comments are full of people cheering for a Windows Phone supported watch. I take that to mean no other watch has managed to make this connection. As a .NET developer by day, the fact the platform is based on NETMF and programmed using Visual Studio and C# is a huge distinguishing feature in my book though I readily admit end users who do not wish to write their own apps would not care about this particular feature! :) @Blue The purpose of a smart watch is to not have another smartphone - it is to coincide with your smartphone and maximize efficiency and productivity. I don't think technology is there yet to make an efficient colored screen and have the functionality that the Agent has. Big time players like Apple and Samsung with their huge R&D departments are still in the concept phase. I agree with Chris from Secret Labs in that talking into your watch doesn't look as cool or functional as it sounds. Unlike Erik Noren, I'm not going to be as nice - I think the X1 is a scam. You can't fit all that they claim into a small, functional watch that has 30 days of battery life. Just think of it for a minute - if that kind of technology exists, Apple/Samsung/Google would already have products in the market. @A Blue -- I tended to regard "World's Smartest Watch" to be a statement on its capability to run apps on the watch itself and the well-known platform and development tools. I hadn't considered aesthetic features like a color display to really affect the ability of the watch to run applications. I suppose "smart" can mean "tidy" in some local languages though so maybe that's where the confusion lies? I certainly can't see how a color versus monochrome display makes its usefulness "dwindle" though, especially when the gains are incredible battery life on a small, light battery! I think Chris did mention though that this display is brand new running at the reduced voltage and power. Perhaps the makers of the display will be able to introduce color at some future point at which time I'm sure there will be adoption. Would it be possible to add additional accent colors as a stretch goal? Perhaps in purple? @erik noren. Sorry you're right. I will shut up about my other contribution. So back to the Agent. I am totally at fault because I did not, as your quite rightly say, read the description properly. It's just without a colour screen, in my humble opinion, few apps will be made and it's usefullness is dwindling, at least in my eyes and to call it the Worlds Smartest Watch. Hmm. But, hey ho, you get what you get. I paid my money and will get what they send. There are some smartwatch exist already, they are all different indeed, but what is the difference between those and AGENT other than the battery life or display or something else that is just "different" (even though AGENT may be better in these)? Something that different, even better, in using experience and not just imaginational what it could be but really that it could be. I mention and ask this is base on a simple reason, if AGENT have the same or better performance( especially in the user experience and more actual potential) and cost equal or less the money than others, than this is the right project to back. And the price is not the MSRP but the offers here. @A Blue -- I think you have the wrong watch or haven't read clearly the description. There is no speaker or microphone in the watch. It is a sealed case using wireless charging to eliminate ports and plugs and help the case be more watertight. They haven't tested the depth rating yet but it is certainly resistant to splash, sweat, rain, etc. Regarding the X1 - I don't think people are attacking the concept, I think they're dubious of its claims. One of the reasons they chose Indiegogo might be because of their more lax funding and scrutiny guidelines. The X1 looks like they are using a flexible funding campaign so even if they don't reach their goal, they will get the pledged money. I personally find this shocking - if there is insufficient funds to overcome fixed costs (engineering, CAD work, etc.) how could they hope to produce watches? I would be quite upset to fund them, have them get my money and find out they had insufficient funds to proceed and would have to wait while they tried to drum up more money or rework their designs. I am also dubious, from an electronics point of view, how - even including the parts in the strap mounts - all the components could fit unless that watch (beautiful as the concept renderings are) were the size of a sundial to account for all the components and a battery large enough to power it all. I certainly don't want to ebb anyone's enthusiasm but your points seem to be going way off track from the purpose of this Comment forum which is to discuss, ask questions and interact with the makers and backers of the AGENT watch. @A Blue If I am not mistaken, there is no microphone or speaker in the Agent. Only a vibration motor for notification. This also should allow it to be waterproof. @Erik thanks a lot, I find the comment about the companion app. That sounds perfect for me. Happy to be a part of the early fan, can't wait for the product! Congrats again to the team @Franois In a previous response they mentioned what sounded like a companion app for your phone. It sounds like that would be the "gateway" to load and remove apps from your watch. They also mentioned hoping to spin up an app store if there's enough extra funding for it but it's unclear what shape that will take at this time and whether it will be integrated with the companion app. @Dung Nguyen I cannot agree that the X1 is horrible. It is without doubt the most attractive smart watch to date. Also of course it is an actual smart watch. Very smart in fact. Personally I have scoured the net and if you are willing to use premium components, then with a bit of clever engineering, you could fit all of those they list into the volume of X1 casing. Note the functions buttons, main camera, flash, ports and stylus are actually situated in the bits that hold the strap on. Although I would think that the back may protrude a little more, as they state the Profile to be 6.5mm. But, that is not why I am here. What I would like to know is where is the microphone and speaker in the Agent I have backed as well. I cannot see it on the pictures. First off - congrats on the funding so far! Secondly I have a pebble watch that a friend is enjoying (I switched from Android to a Win8 phone before the Pebbles shipped) and depending on what you read on the Pebble forums and elsewhere - getting Win8 compatibility was problematic. So with that in mind - I was just curious about the Win8 functionality - will Agent have the same feature/function set between iOS, Android and Window phones? Or are there minor differences between what can be offered? Congratulations on the $400K in only two days! Backing this because it just looks awesome. But for people like me that love technology but do not have skills of a developer, I hope it will be as easy to use and connect with your phone regarding apps and such as an Iphone. I'm confident in all Chris have answered so far but please make it as user friendly as possible and give us good tutorial for these of us that are not talented developers. Thanks for this great project. The x1 is promising to deliver all that in a tiny case? I don't believe it will happen. Look at the components they say they can cram in, 2 cameras, sim slot, qi charging, gps chip, phone chip, aerials for both, stylus, flash, power, 4gb ram, microsd card etc etc. I believe agent is slot more viable. @blue The x1 is a horrible concept watch that promises too much, has no working prototype, and imho, won't live up to its bill. I agree that a colored screen smart watch would be wonderful but I don't think technology is there, yet. I believe the Agent has the resources to pull off a very well-rounded watch that looks elegant. I am looking forward for some more media - SL/HH: please give us more pictures and videos :) it would be awesome if there could be a wee bit more color options (accessory wise) faceplates anyone to match windows phones specially lumias.. is there a possibility of that happening? Loving the design, wp8 support and the recent optional upgrade for backers! I'd welcome if you could - down the line - provide some real life battery usage on the phone part (interested in wp phones). And an idea for a possible upgrade - scratch resistant glass? If my eyes don't fool me, there is a white watch in the video? Will we be able to choose a colour at the end of the campaign? @Andrew Secret Labs already has a line of micro controller hardware so they seem pretty familiar with supply chain, manufacturing, etc. They were very forthcoming in the Risks section in the description to point out they are using some just-released components to get that amazing battery life. My guess is they are trying to have watches ready for the traditional gift-giving time in December but because of the risks, they are hesitant to promise it. @David With regard to MacOS X and Linux I think the Mono Development environment has been slowly adding support. In fact I thought I saw them participating in summer of code with a project to increase support. I obviously have no idea what their timeline is but they are probably the best candidate. I too keep and eye on them. I am a C# developer by day but when I get home I am all Mac. With the extra funding, is there any chance you might work on creating some basic developer tools for the MacOS/Linux folks. I understand you've put your focus on C# and Visual Studio, but was hoping you might have the time to gather up or create some development paths for us on the command line. Looking forward to this watch, looks like a very nice mariage of style and technology, big bonus with the leather strap annoucement, hope your able to make the watch case out of some type of metal/alloy to match! Congrats! For stretch goals, how about velcro bands? I actualy replace all my bands with velcro. They dont break or crack and there is no clasp to break. How firm are you on the December date? I am backing your watch because Pebble has been a nightmare with very poor customer service, so I hope you will be different. I also like that you are saying the you won't need a screen protector with this watch which screens quality to me unlike Pebble. Windows 8 support got me in, but the features and style of this watch clinched for me. @creator: My question is that I have an iphone 4s, and as you know it has the IOS. Is it possible that due to that IOS system all kind of messages and alerts that come to my iphone are going to be recognized by Agent?. Finally, I just want to tell you that I love the project and that you are doing a great job. Congratulations! @Stefan : A good reason for a low power Netduino Go Bluetooth module ! <url>" Black & White / X1 = 1.8" Full Colour. Processor: Agent = 120mhz / X1 = 280 + 460 mhz. Wireless qi Charging: Agent = yes / X1 = yes. Sim Card: Agent = no / X1 = yes. Camera: Agent = no / X1 = 8mp & 1.2mp. Battery life: Agent = 7 Days & 30 Days / X1 = 2 Days & 10 Days. Design: Agent = pleasant. X1 - gorgeous. Waterproof: Agent = yes / X1 = not sure. Does this watch have backlight of its screen? Your'e right. There are some beauties out there now. I have just been sent a link to a campaign on indiegogo. Competition is good for us all in the end, we benefit with a great product. I am off to look at that indiegogo watch now to see what all the fuss is about. I think it may just be the buddy I already backed. By the way I wonder how you waterproof something that has a microphone and speakers, not to mention holes, or ports for cables etc. You're right, in many respects. One thing that I've always considered a requirement for a watch though is water resistance (for washing hands), and that's something I've so far found in very few smart watches, the Pebble and AGENT being the only ones that come immediately to mind. To me the smart watch represents an extension of my phone that doesn't need to be constantly shielded inside my pocket. Something that I basically can totally forget about until I need it. Either way, I love seeing *all* of these different smart watches popping up because I know each one in it's own way pushes the envelope closer to that ideal Dick Tracy everything-watch. =D Hi Dylan, Thanks for that. I do know what you mean about battery life and getting a couple of days + between charges is a nice feature. However, so far having had a look again at the specs (which I have backed by the way), I am now wondering if this marvel is not quite the advancement that at first glance it appears to be. I will continue to compare specs, but it is looking a bit dark and gloomy here from where I am sitting. Dont know about you, but take battery life out of the equation (IF you want to actually sleep, sweat and shower, with the watch on), in reality this design has been surpassed by other Smart Watches by quite a coinsiderable margin. I will be back with my findings, lets hope I can find something positive to cheer me up. Even the Vachen, there are quite a few tweeks that could dramatically improve battery life. Yes, that's the watch I think A Blue might have been thinking of, but the VATCHEN doesn't have the awesome battery life of the AGENT though, and their KS page seemed kinda sketchy on details. 2. true, not sure how much ppl would it actually use, but when I am on the go, I listen to music nearly all the time. I use those headphones for calling, so ability to choose contact directly from AGENT, without need to pick up the phone would be useful from time to time :) I know I can do the same with Siri, but she cant handle names in my language very well :) @Dylan Dwyer, if you are interested in a colour screen have a look at the VACHEN Smart Watch kickstarter that is also running at the moment. "Regulars" was, of course, supposed to be "regard". =P @ A Blue don't worry I've done stuff like that before too. And yeah, a color screen would be nice. But like so many things (EV cars, phones, etc) the lack of advancement in battery technology is really limiting what can be done while maintaining a reasonable charge cycle. Personally I usually sleep wearing my watch, so having to take it off and charge it every night would be a pain, where as once a week seems more manageable. Then again YMMV in that regulars. Either way, hope you find the watch you want, but consider joining us! =) Hi, can this be shipped to Malaysia? How to pledge for 2 watches, one with charger one without. Thanks. Hi Dylan, Thanks for that. I must read things properly in future. Sorry. Makes me look a bit dumb. However, that is a MAJOR problem. I thought this was a Smart Watch. It's title is (The Worlds Smartest Watch). I really must re-visit all of the specs now because without a colour multi-touch screen it is, to be kind, very out of date and surpassed by quite a few 'proper' smart watches out there. 2 or three spring to mind straight away. But I wont mention them here because that would be unfair to Secret Labs who are wanting to make a good living selling this watch and certainly, I take my hat off to them, because people are backing this from the information given and the way that it is presented. Also, @creator, I was wondering if there was any chance of including a screen protector or two, specially shaped for the AGENT, as a stretch goal? Also, any chance of NFC in a future version? @A Blue it says on the main page that the screen is monochrome, no touch capabilities. Perhaps you were thinking about another watch on KickStarter (with comparably terrible battery life)? hello secret labs: 1. the wall-powered Qi charger wont damage the battery, right? 2. is it possible to call someone using AGENT? I mean, if it is possible to pick contact you want to call directly within AGENT user interface THanks Hi all at Secret Labs. Let's hope this is NOT a secret. The display IS a Full 256 Colour Multi-Touch Screen, isn't it ? Just I cannot find ANY pictures of colorful videos, pictures, games etc. going on. I have backed this (temporarily), hoping that there is not some vital information like this being held back. Many Thanks. Good Luck. partnering with the W/Me wristband would improve the sensor capabilities as well.. haha.. imagine the possibilities of going three way.. the wristband plus the melon.. I really like an app (like the pebble) which help us to upload watchface and apps to AGENT. beacause i don't have any bases of SDK programming, so without that, I should can't use my AGENT at 100%. I think a shapyr glass should be better and stronger... It's really important.. Yeah , a partenaria with melon should be awesome !! imagine the possibilities !! :-D hi.. could you advise what is the charge rate of the QI base? is it comparable to the usual phone chargers and interchangeable? According to their info, it uses Bluetooth 4.0 LE. It's kind of cool if collaboration between these 2 kickstarter projects happened. Not sure whether it can work with Melon, another kickstarter project or not. It will be cool if I can see the watch of what I'm focusing;-) Not sure I am backing it now because I do think it will look great on a female, I'm just a longterm thinker and was hoping that one of the next generations would have something that will fit a little better for my smaller wrists. With regards to the heart monitor, which brand will be supported by Agent SmartWatch? I love the watch and I think it looks really great, but any chance there will be a more feminine one down the line? I just wanted to say that this definitely looks great. I think it could have the potential to take on Pebble. Plus I absolutely LOVE the fact that there's Windows Phone support. Good luck with everything! @Creator: On that note, app like sleep trackers, can apps tun in the background? Is it possible to get more than one wrist strap? (e.g. different accent stichings) can you post some pictures with the leather strap? @Creator: One more question: 1) Can it track sleep? And without requiring connection to phone? Also, please make a page/FAQ that clearly states which functionalities of the Agent can be used without phone? Thanks, Abhijeet 2k backers! And the update. And just before midnight! Only 4 minutes to east coast midnight - it'll have to be soon! Any news on the update that's supposed to be coming tonight? I'm staying up to see it but don't want to stay up all night. I am super excited to be a backer of this kickstarter. The key factors that make decide is 1) Making Windows Phone 8 a first class citizen 2) Paying close attention to power consumption with fallback to watchface 3) Dual mode Bluetooth Radio Classic + 4.0 LE 4) Use of standard Qi Charging 5) Use of replaceable rechargeable battery I second the sapphire glass! I would gladly up my contribution for sapphire glass. However, I dont know if gorilla glass is ready to be in a watch just yet. @Brad Haigh - Not that weird - the US has the same situation. DST would be an issue? Don't just think country, Canada has 10 provinces and one does not use DST while the other 9 do. Weird right? I really like the idea of a kickstarter backer watch as well as the yellow watch strap. As soon as I heard you were making the watch face with glass, two ideas popped in to mind: sapphire, and Gorilla Glass. I never would have thought that there could be wireless interference issues, so I hope you can up with a solution that is heavily scratch proof and doesn't greatly interfere with reception. the Galaxy Note (N7000) is a smartphone, not a tablet....... the point is that Note only have Bluetooth 3.0 but Agent use Bluetooth 4.0 BD/EDR + LE , and iphone4 won't work with Agent because it doesn't equipped Bluetooth 4.0 LE, so I am afraid that Agent won't work with Note, too. @Thomas, I believe it doesn't support the Iphone 4, as it doesn't have the required Bluetooth 4.0 specifications. It says in the description that the watch will work with iphone 4s onwards, would that stretch to the iphone 4? What type of glass lens does it have? Mineral type? since the goal was reached so quickly.. will there be any stretch goals? When will this be delivered Excited to have the opportunity to back this. I thought Pebble was (and is) a great idea but, for me, without WP8 support, it's kinda just another watch. So I thank you for acknowledging the dark horse of the smartphone OS world. Can't wait until December to get my new watch!! Perhaps a dumb question, but the watch's native time keeping APIs will track date and day of the week and everything in addition to time, right? So I mean, for instance, everything is there to be able to support a calendar as a third party app? Also, what will be the smallest unit of time accessible via the API? Also, will DST be automatically handled? Will we be able to chose watchband colors prior to delivery? I'm excited to be involved in this Kickstarter. I missed out on Pebble, but am now glad I did as this one looks to be an improvement over what the pebble can do. I also want to say thank you for supporting Windows Phone. As a recent convert from Android to Windows Phone 8 the fact that you are supporting iOS, Android, and WP8 is one of the reasons I backed this project. @Esben @Chris So in a scenario like a StopWatch, instead of updating the screen continuously with milliseconds, you just update on the second and when the Lap or Stop button is hit, then display the milliseconds for accurate recording. Could use other little tricks like that to keep power consumption down in apps and watchfaces. Chris - is there a power difference between changing a small section of the screen version something that would cause a whole screen - or large screen area - change? For instance doing a small progress bar where only 1 or 2 pixels change every "interval" and on some major milestone the larger area is changed and progress reset? I'm thinking something like a run timer. Something a person wouldn't be watching constantly but might glance at it while waiting at a light. @ Secret Labs + House of Horology Thanks for the answer, if you consider the 30ATM watch in the future, I will be in line to get one. P.S. I whish I was living in New York to be in your test group. Nice piece of technology...love to see how you guys push the limits by scratching some milimetrs of thickness until December. Just hard work! quote: " We do use standard Bluetooth profiles (HFP, PBAP, RVACP, SPP, etc.)" A watch can not meet all the requirements of HFP, this is a fact, so build that into your plan. Hi Chris. 1) Will the watch face only mode be selectable and will it effectively put the watch in flight mode? 2) Do you have any examples of an animated watch face. I like to see how smooth/fast it is. I really like what you are trying to do with this project, instantly backed it :) @Secret Labs + House of Horology - I just wanted to say a quick thanks for being forthcoming with all this technical info about the watch and your process. I'm sure plenty of people are just into Kickstarters for the reward but I do like the process and find all of the info interesting and a great value add for supporting this project. @ Secret Labs One thing I thought I might suggest that is a cool addition, do something like the pebble did and perhaps put "kickstarter edition" or something to that effect on the back! Just a nice little bonus. Now this is what i call a popular project almost only just started an already at over 300% of the goal. @Francis Beaulieu +1 for scuba diving capability stupid no post editing... @Francis Beaulieu +1 My main reason to back your project is the support of Windows Phone, so thanks for that. My question is, any plans to make a "scuba diving capable" watch? With your focus on wireless, industrial looks, it seems natural to me. Wow, absolutely amazing. $300K in 30 hours! What a fantastic smartwatch and amazing group of backers. Congrats everyone! You make a lot of comments, a great part of them being like specifications. It is very tiresome to have to go through more than 250 comments to find answers to a few basic questions. May you update your FAQ with your relevant comments and use the Updates so that your backers will be informed of them? Man I'm going to have a hard time choosing which watch to wear between this one and the one from CST btw your watch is featured on Engadget glad I saw it. This is the second smart watch I've seen come out after the Pebble. Both this and the Vachen watch seem slightly more bulky than the Pebble. I'll be sticking with my Pebble, however I'm loving this new and developing market of smart watches! Looking forward to seeing this project progress. I have just backed your project gorgeous looking phone I have a couple of questions. and a request if possible 1 anymore details on the available memory of the device both the actual size amd what that equates to regarding number of apps/watch faces that can be added 2 do you intend on sending firmware update out to the phone after purchase to add software features etc 3 lots of phones come qi enabled these days nexus 4 Nokia 920 I'm hoping as an extended reward the charger is powerful enough to charge phones in a reasonable time I'm sure many people would be thrilled if you could manage that. anyway good luck with your project and roll on December Kickstarter limits the number of items being used as rewards. Is this the final design for the watch? Do you have any stretch goals in mind already? Is there a possibility for other watch bands? I really like the ones you have right now but I think I would like a different on for exercising. I don't know how long it takes to change them right now but maybe a way to change then on the go would be nice. Is Samsung Galaxy Note (N7000) with android 4.1.2 and bluetooth 3.0(official spec) compatible? @Sebastian, They said earlier they aren't limiting the amount of backers, rather those that they deliver in December. They can make approx 1000 per week in the USA. If (and likely when) the December tiers fill, they'll add January tiers, etc etc. They just want to avoid fulfillment issues and not promise something they can't deliver. Hi guys, why do you limit the amount of backers? Why so you not allow unlimited orders? I think this is gonna be BIG! What's the size of Flash memory on the watch ? How many apps / watchfaces can it accomodate ? Could you post an update on how the interface/menus/functions/buttons works? I do think an outstanding user interface is what wins! Hope you could show us in an update. Thanks! I don't seem to remember I saw a 'Home screen'. You mentioned that bottom left is used for switching apps, so if I have 30 watchfaces installed, it only goes in one direction? Are watchfaces and other apps mixed together during apps switching? This doesn't sound organized, or am I missing something here? Do you have photo of the top front, back and sideview? Is the back stainless steel plate? I have been reading that using Bluetooth SPP for connectivity to a Windows Phone will result in very bad battery life on the phone. Is there any truth to this? How long does the battery of the Lumia 920 you use to test last when connected to the AGENT? Side note: Looking at the comments, it seems here are some common questions that are candidates for the FAQ (in no particular order): 1) Will this support my [not-listed] phone/OS combination? 2) What Bluetooth profiles will it support for hands-free operation? 3) When will developers get to start writing apps / watch faces? 4) How readable is the screen in daylight? Does it have / how good is the custom backlight? 5) Can I get more AGENT watches / watch straps / Qi chargers as gifts / accessories / spares? 6) Does the watch have GPS or other unlisted components? Will it? 7) What will the case material be? 8) What will the glass be? Have you considered Gorilla, sapphire, etc.? 9) Can users load their own apps without requiring purchasing from a store? 10) Will there be a store for users to find apps? Are free apps a possibility? Just some early ones I noticed asked and answered a couple times. my goodness... how very wrong i was about the possibility of this maybe not happening. good job chaps! ;) Double the goal amount in the first 24 hours! That's incredible! I can't wait to see this improved documentation. :) And, as an early backer in NYC, I'm in no way trying to be so active I get noticed come beta watch time. Unless that's a cool thing. In which case I totally am. @Francois Theroux - There is a dark gray strap shown in the image with multiple colors and @Chris mentioned a survey at the completion of the campaign that would request your preference. Personally I'm torn between green and blue! The strap itself is listed as silicon - I didn't think these had the cracking problem that plastic and rubber did - is that incorrect? I'm curious myself as I've had metal watchbands for as long as I can remember. @Frank Johansson - Darn, no edit button! @Chris also mentioned watch straps would be available around the same time as the watches and would find a way to make ordering them easy for people who want multiple colors. @Frank Johansson Earlier @Chris mentioned they can't do multiples in rewards. Another commenter (sorry, I can't find it really fast! I want to credit you though!) mentioned it was a Kickstarter change to prevent people from thinking of Kickstarter as a store. You're backing an idea and that idea happens to have rewards - that sort of thing. @Heiko Schumann - I'm curious what the stretch goals will be myself! From previous answers though, @Chris is being cagey. It sounds like they put all their effort into ensuring the watch is solid from the start and didn't compromise on features. He did mention extra funding would help them put more resources into supporting more phone scenarios, getting better documentation out for developers and spinning up more tutorials / examples for programming for the watch. I haven't worn a watch in years because I always have a phone with me and it shows the time but I'll start wearing one in December! Merry Christmas to me :). As a C# developer I can't wait to see the SDK and give writing apps a shot. @Thomas Cornet iPhone 4 doesn't have Bluetooth 4 according to this quick search I just made. That would suggest it won't be supported. <url>"bent". I've tended to stray towards metal straps because of this. Hi, great project :) but I got a few Questions 1. Does the display have 60 or 20 A consumtion, the sharp Website says 60 A 2. How water resistant will the watch be? IP67 or more? 3. Why not using a display with an higher resolution? 4.I guess you heard of the problems with the pebble watch in Europe? A lot of customs authorities are kepping the watch because of missing certifications, and bad shippment declacration (mostly because of the recharchable battery). Are you looking into these problems to do it better then the pebble guys? 5.You wrote something abot an appstore. Am I correct, that you provide one app for the watch and this app can be extendet by other apps in this app? If so I think you need your own apptore. If the idea is, that everyone can write his full scale Android/IOs App, it would be wise to to it with the original Appstores. 6. Do the Apps install on the smartphone or on the watch itself? I guess an istallation on the phone, and just pushing the data needet over to the watch would be much more ressource saving? I have also have a comment: I realy like the idea of saphir glass, i have a watch with saphir glass now for quite some time (5 years +) and there isn't a single sratch in the glass, and belive me i jammed it quiet often into a wall or a door. Tired of waiting for the Pebble. This looks so much better! Would be interesting to see some stretch goals such as an additional Qi charger, extra wrist band, handlebar mount (safer for bikes/motorcycles) etc. I just backed one AGENT with charger for my HTC One. Now that you have reached more than double of the goal: what about a stretch-goal? I've backed both this and the VACHEN Smart Watch as both projects seems to be taking a slightly different slant on the Smart Watch. Congratulations on getting the funding so quickly. It looks like the final funding total may be very healthy indeed :) Great job guys! Congratulations on getting funded so quickly. A few questions about the API: -I gather you have a .NETMF api for the watch itself. Will you have an API to pull in data from a custom iOS app as well? -How about connecting to a REST API like weather underground or twitter? -Could one use standard C# implementations (HttpWebRequest etc.) with this? -Lastly, can we use the System.Drawing namespace for graphics on the screen, or will you provide custom methods? If so, will there be functions for drawing images (PNGs, JPEGs etc.)? -Will you be implementing a Filesystem on this device? (I'm assuming you will since you are going to allow apps) As you can clearly see I'm rather excited about your project. Wish you the very best of luck. =) Very nice project! You mention iPhone 4S so no support for iPhone 4? Thanks I just backed the project! :) I have few questions: 1) What's the display resolution? 2) For speed tracking does it have it's own GPS or uses phone's GPS? 3) Does it support Windows Phone 7? @Maxime Marical Answer from Chris in this comment section: Creator Secret Labs + House of Horology: @Paul Shabian -- that's a great question. We're trying to move smartwatch technology ahead a full generation here. We really appreciate the ground that others have trodden, and are really excited to help raise the bar for smartwatches to a whole new level. A lot of that is through the hardware tech (amazing power efficiency, precise power metering, wireless charging, etc.) and a lot of that is through the amazing software runtime and world-class developer tools. Paul Shabian: I do not own a Pebble, and love to know the differece. Any Pebble owner here? @Dino Awesome, thanks !!! Why should we buy Agent more than a pebble ? @Abesh - yes, they said they're looking at LEDs for it currently. This is the problem with the Kickstarter comments section - it doesn't show you where you've read up to previously and you can't search for info. It'll be worth them adding FAQs to an update so at least they're easy to find. Will AGENT be backlight illuminated so that we can view the screen at low light conditions ? @CK If I understand the model correctly, watch faces *are* apps. I could be mistaken, of course. Chris mentioned earlier about the possibility of an app store for this. That would be really cool. @Johan Sosa I'm not an engineer, but I wouldn't want anything that would compromise the water tight seal. I have to assume mic and speaker would both do that. I wish you guys had managed to squeeze in a speaker and a microphone! Maybe version 2 (also WiFi)? That would have provided the ultimate smartwatch experience. Anyway, I suppose you will have an app that allows canned text response ability? Previously I asked about the custom watch face, but the answer given is about app installation. I'm concern how do you upload a face watch? Is it that your app include browsing hundreds of watch faces gallery where user can just download it to app on the phone, upload to watch via Bluetooth and voila, installed? You had we at "Windows Phone". Backed! Any chance of a slightly larger battery in the final product for even better battery life? Also, what about voice integration. Like connecting to Siri through the watch and getting responses. Or connecting with other apps with voice commands for such things as sending a text (like Vlingo) As a user of multiple phones (currently an iPhone 5 and a Nexus 4), what is the likelihood of Agent being able to connect to more than one phone or switch between connected devices? I understand this is likely a niche consideration, but I'd like to know. What is the output on your Qi charger? Could I use it to charge my Nexus 4 or other Qi charger compatible smartphones? Is there a problem if I charge the battery frequently before it totally drain off? In other words, I charge the phone maybe once in 2 days since it is wireless charging where I just put on top of the pad. Will that affect the life cycle of the battery greatly? I've just backed this. Given your limited 4,200 unit production run, is there a way to get more than one watch? I'm thinking of getting another as a present. Hi Creator..Since the watch is bluetooth 4.0. Will it be able to connect properly to older Bluetooth (say version 3.0) and will there be any effect on battery consumption? Also, can you please give examples like which mobile would be compatible for features like (Call Answer/reject, caller ID)? Sorry if these are repetitive questions but I can't go through all the comments at the moment :). Does this watch have a vibrator alert? It'll be a nice feature to have for the "phone lost" notification. @Creator haha I'll take your word for it, December can't come soon enough! @Creator. Thank you for your quick replies. 1)Will there be additional watch faces provided for free? The digital watch face looks boring/simple, and I might want the Day/Date/Month/Year to be displayed in addition to the time. 2)What is the estimated charging time for the watch from 0% to 100% with the Qi charger provided? 3)What is the size(dimensions) and the weight of the watch (with &w/o the strap)? 4)Will this watch be suitable for keeping track of where elderly people or children are? For example: Can we find out where the person is based on the location of the watch? 5)Will I be able to answer or cancel/end phone calls using the Agent? @Creator Oh and one more question. Is there a possibility of maybe a different colored watch face? :o Backed! Thanks for supporting Windows Phone! Backed! Also how hard is it to make applications for the watch? More specifically for Windows Phone 8. And thanks a lot for supporting Windows Phone!!! @Pete Brown, yes but somehow it seems missing something around the screen, looks empty. Maybe a brand name? As a watch collector and Sr. .NET developer, I was interested in the Pebble but never truly excited. With AGENT, I simply can't wait to get my hands on a watch and SDK! Thank you so much for creating a stylish and powerful device with a potentially massive and very supportive developer community. Congratulations on being funded with 29 days left to go! @creator it displays speed, heartrate, motion, etc. I am guessing it doesn't also sport a GPS (i'm sure the week long battery life would be hard with that). But if I went on a ride would i be able to track the activity as an individual session? I know pairing with the phone will be ideal for tracking but I assume there will not be an app that works with it right away and for long rides the cellphone battery won't last anyway, so it would be cool if we could track exercise session/routes/events with the watch and export the data or access it in some way to import to a fitness app. @creator Oh I also forgot to ask, as far as route tracking and such goes will the watch have native stand alone support? And how many routes can it store or can they be easily transferred/backed up? Have you considered using gorilla glass for the lens? @creator Thanks for the super speedy response. Any thought/word on beta testers? Even if it were a paid program or something. Less than a day online and already reached the funding goal, not impressed! Great project. Perhaps an impractical request but is there a way someone could get a watch earlier? Or perhaps some beta testers? I have a 165 mile ride in November <url>"accelerometer that detects taps and shakes and all that jazz". So could I start certain app by tapping x amt in a given time. @Pete Brown Hey Pete, it's good to see you here, though I'm not surprised :) Engadget picked up this project, I expect a big push for funding from that, not that it's needed :) <url>" Sharp Memory Display) and came up with this: <url>~50 blocks for apps, so for simple apps the max number of apps is 50. Will it be easy to manage apps through our phones? I can see myself definitely wanting to run more than 50 apps. I'd definitely like to see an increase in storage if at all possible given the high levels of support you'll have. Thanks for the quick response! So what are the built-in app available? How easy can a user upload a custom watch face? Do you provide only one type of color (watch itself, not wristband)? @Chris and SL/HH team - Excellent job at keeping us informed! I believe you guys should write up an update for both the buttons comment (with your graphic artist creating a picture for it) and also Chris's response to the comparison reply on the Pebbles project. Without updates, these comments will be buried on this board and I believe they are important enough to have their own updates. Excellent presentation; may I suggest that, in time, would you guys please release more videos of the Agent? Perhaps a video preview with Engadget, close-up overview of the buttons, functionality, charging, etc - that are not commercially produced, etc. Can you explain the button function? I'm wearing a martian right now and it works fine and dandy; but being able to use the drop charger, more functionality and (hopefully) a work around for MAP profile so I can read texts off my wrist sounds great. A watch that has a WP8 App... finally.. *tear* I live in Sweden, a country that gets pretty cold in the winter, often down to minus 25 degrees celcius. Will the watch work in really cold environments? what are the case dimensions of the watch? Love the design and functionalitythoughts @greg I hear ya. You're right. Having the format choice on the watch would be ideal. Much like swapping between 12 and 24 hour. Really looking forward to the end result. As a Lumia 920 user and WP developer, I'm curious how you are going to hook Windows Phone events like incoming calls, mails, messages, etc. As far as I can see, Microsoft has a more restricted API compared to Android (or even Windows Mobile) @stephen Yeh but it should be 'global' out of the box, without folk having to delve into an SDK :) @Greg That's easy format adjustment in the SDK. Can you guys please make sure you include worldwide time and date etc, so us folk in the UK get dd/mm/yy for the date, as an example. Also for me (having just pledged) a hookup to Endomondo would be perfect! @Secret Labs, Chris Thank you for very full response. You've convinced to stay with this project. I've been watching the Pebble project since the beginning of their hype and have been waffling on getting it because of all its problems. Now that you've launched your project, they just lost me as a potential customer. Looking forward to your updates. @Secret Labs: Beyond the obvious: Geofencing apps, or geolocation dating apps, location-based games, simple movement games e.g how many jumps, GPS navigation, pill reminders, stock tickers, basically anything that would be a live tile on Windows Phone. I like the design of the watch. As a Pebble owner I appreciate the usefulness of notifications on your wrist. A great example is when we went to see a movie and my parents were watching our young son I would be able to know if they were calling with an emergency without having to take out my phone every time it vibrated. That being said, I like what you're aiming for from a functionality standpoint. What I would ask is that you also keep us in the loop on the material to be used for the body of the watch. While I like Pebble's function, its form leaves a lot to be desired. I like that you're using glass for the screen but I really would hate to see the form marred with a plastic body so please be as upfront as possible on that aspect. Good luck on the project and I look forward to seeing the results. Speaking of Reddit - looks like the Pebble community noticed! <url>"If our backers would like, we could even start working up some tutorials now and provide a few as updates during the campaign." Love to see this happening now... Looks very interesting. And as an ASP.NET/C# developer, I could build apps for it potentially! Will there be a list of shipping apps presented in the near future, or at least planned apps? Good luck, but I think you'll make your target considering you're nearly halfway there on day one! Windows Phone 8 at present does not support Bluetooth 4 or Bluetooth LE. How are you planning to get around this issue? Oops, rest of my comment disappeared. Backed for windows phone Support and hope we get a good golf app to work with this! Backed for windows phone Support Awesome concept guys. Can't wait to get my hands on one! A presentation is cool but I'd rather get my hands on hardware! I'm a big fan of the Netduino and I can't wait to see how this compares. I think Pebble did a hack night here in NY with one of the local hackerspaces. Are you considering doing the same once the watch is closer to being done and the emulator is ready? I do not own a Pebble, and love to know the differece. Any Pebble owner here? Looks great! So happy to see it go live!!! It's an amazing piece of tech. Do you have any stretch goal ? Kicktraq give you a 560% rate... @Creator, Thanks for the quick reply... Pebble has published the open API, and many Apps, including like Golfing, are available now. Are AGENT along the same path or different? Agree with paul... @Creator, Many Qi chargers are sold from eBay currently for about $30. Your price is $50 here. Any difference in Revision? Great idea! You have my support. Guy's don't hang about!! If you like the project, and I certainly do, get in quickly. I believe it will sell out within 3-5 days !! Backed this because of the Windows Phone 8 support! Really looking forward to this! Is 3rd party Qi charger has the same charging speed or depends on model? i really want this watch to happen, i don't have a pebble and i'm kinda hoping i can get black stitching for the wristband, but even though initial results look promising, this watch needs some wow factor beyond battery time. don't get me wrong, i'm on the EARLY BIRD SPECIAL pledge and i want one and i want one come dec13/jan14, so yeah... just a subtle hint to the bosses at house of horology to really market this effectively, it needs an exciting selling point. duracell on cocaine isn't exciting... actually... hrmmm... Does it talk about any new notifications ? like facebook, gmail or others ? already have pebble, let's see how this project turns out to be Watch is hitting a nice stride already! Can't wait! I am totally looking forward to this! Is it December yet?