It would seem that no matter what we tell you, you do not want to believe us. I am not looking to swindle anybody into buying product. We are working to start a business just like anybody else on kickstarter and this funding is going to help us get our first run of product off the ground. If you are not interested in the product than you do not have to help back the project. As far as the facts are concerned, IP65 is water resistant, and IP67 (like our product) is actually water submersible up to one meter. We do not deny that there are similar looking products on the market. As we said, we have reviewed many samples ourselves when designing our product. We are happy with genuine questions but please do not make claims that we are out to scam our backers. Our project was approved by kickstarter and therefore just as legitimate as any project on the site. Right now I have about twenty samples on my desk of similar LED products that we used to conduct research while designing the AmbioLight. Other similar looking LED solutions do exist, however, we have fine tuned the AmbioLight to outperform the competition and ensure the best product to our customers. We designed the product to produce significantly more lumens/watt (efficacy) than other products on the market. What this means is that for the small amount of energy it consumes the AmbioLight produces an extraordinary amount of light. This in turn makes the ambiolight a very energy efficient lighting solution. Our attention to detail is something that we take very seriously. We use high quality LED chips that produce deep rich colors. We are proud to say that the 4.4 watts per foot is by far the highest we have encountered anywhere. High quality powerful LEDs combined with the special housing allows the chips to stay cool preventing premature burnout, a common problem with current led units on the market. It took multiple prototypes to get the product just right. Additionally, while all the led boards are manufactured overseas, all our products are hand cut, wired and final inspected in our warehouse in Los Angeles California. That's right. Hand finished in the USA. It is costly for us to do it this way but we feel that it really puts our product on another level. We feel that the money we charge is well justified and we hope that this explanation helped clarify our position. Feel free to spend your money as you wish however I would seriously consider investing in quality product. With only gratitude, The AmbioLight Team Also if you can please clarify for me and the backers where it says 4.5 watts per foot, i didn't see that anywhere on the page. It seems something is off about the multiple claims you have made. Alibaba.com has a minimum order quantity of 50 meters. This light also does not come with a ballast or controller. You also need to pay for shipping from china and customs- so the price point is a lot higher than ours. This does not show anything about being water submersible or 3m tape. If you want to continue to discuss this you are welcome to email us at <email>. Anyone who wants is of course welcome to order a more expensive, and less practical LED strip from alibaba. Our light is simply the strongest with 3m tape while being water submersible. We truly appreciate your concern and questions. Thank you for reaching out to the team Hey Chris i just messaged you, please send us any light you want us to do a side by side comparison with, there is nothing on the market as strong as our light. The rest can barley light up a small space and very cheap quality. Hey guys we are working on the update now. There is just some stuff we need to verify before we send it out. It will be out in less than a week with some cool information. Be excited. Thanks for your patience. The Ambio team. We can not post pictures in this comment section but we love all the questions and we love taking pictures of the AmbioLight. If you would like any pictures for clarification of the product inbox us with your email and we will take some shots for you. We also wanted to take this opportunity again to thank all of you for your support. You guys are the best. :) Best Regards, The AmbioLight Team @Mark - The Strip is very flexible, turning at a 90 degree angle shouldn't prove to be much of a problem at all. The strip connects to the controller with an adapter that is built into the light and then the ballast connects into the controller the same way. We took some 90 degree angle pictures as well as some pictures of the connectors for you. Please provide us with an email if you would like to see them. @Brendan - We took some shots for you with the full setup in one picture. Please give us an email to send it to you at. You can not cut it into multiple strip, you can cut it to make it fit in space. If you want more than one strip the best way to do it is to order multiple strips as each comes with a ballast and controller to give power and change settings. Q. Can I cut the light to make it shorter for a custom fit? A. Yes. The ambiolight can be cut every 4 inches in order to make the perfect length to fit your space. Not for the early bird, but you can do that for the double package. Just make a note of it when we send out the survey at the end of the project. Make it a bright day. We just created a packaged for 2 4 foot packages- The Double 4 foot package. Check it out. Q. Do i need to buy a different strip for every color or setting? A. No. The AmbioLight has all 7 colors and 3 transition setting in one strip. The light can be static on one color or in any of the 3 transition settings with the push of a button. Q. Can I cut the light to make it shorter for a custom fit? A. Yes. The ambiolight can be cut every 4 inches in order to make the perfect length to fit your space. So yes you can cut it and it will work as well as leave it on a single color. Please let us know if you have any more questions. Just wanted to say thanks to everybody who pressed for the truth. It's reassuring that knowledgeable community members are policing the projects and that Kickstarter is willing to take action. Fail fucking losers. I'm pretty disheartened that you continue to ignore the requests of your backers. WHERE IS YOUR ORIGINAL DESIGN? Not pictures of the components, but your actual design. You claim to design this, and yet you have yet to prove that it's not just reselling an existing product. No replies, and now you update your photos with edited versions??? No design, no integrity, no innovation. This does not belong on Kickstarter. Wow... Apparently the picture on the front page has not been edited to have no more ELCO LIGHTING on the LED strip with the black crossed out. For reference, here was the old image: <url>"High quality powerful LEDs combined with the special housing allows the chips to stay cool preventing premature burnout, a common problem with current led units on the market. It took multiple prototypes to get the product just right." Is this product capable of a dimmer control for all colors (white especially) I need some clear answers in order to continue to back this project. thanks. (Another) Chris @Daniel For me it looks more like they are buying LED Stripes from Elco Lighting and reselling them here to people...If it was only similiar it would be no problem for me. But in this case they are offering the same identical LED Stripes with even ELCO LIGHTING printed on them. Look at this picture they posted: <url>"Elco" in "Elco Lighting" that's printed onto the LED strip itself. This is literally a "fund us so we can re-sell this product that already exists" type deal. I think any source of funds, whether an investor, VC, Angel, etc. would be extremely critical about the project and its potential for success. While crowd sourcing your ideas can make a lot of it easier, I think as a project owner, you should still be morally obligated to answer any questions or concerns to any KickStarter regardless of whether or not they have backed the project. Yes, it can be annoying, but no, you still have to. I think you can shut up a lot of us "critics" if you will, by showing us your design process, the technical aspects of the product from the inside out, and so on. They should inspire *some* confidence to us. Dont get me wrong, the project IS cool. It IS fantastic. But thats maybe because I didn't know it existed. Now i'm sure there are a lot of other concerned backers out there wondering the same thing. Silence us if you will, show the proof, show ur drawings/intermediate development stages at the least... This claim of 4.4W/ft also (coincidentally?) is the EXACT same power consumption rating of the Elco product. Dubious I am...sadly... Thanks for the update. You proved that Christian did in fact find your supplier (which you still have not replied about). Yet there is still no explanation as to what it is you designed yourself. This is still just reselling parts which you put together at a higher cost than other products on the market, which do the exact same thing. Where exactly is your innovation? Lookin' good guys, can't wait to get my hands on one of these. It's cool to see a video that breaks away from the normal kickstarter template (Hi... I'm ______, and this is my kickstarter project) lol. Can't wait for some backer updates. Ok, so it looks like you guys are simply re-selling the Elco Lighting EWP1460-24M strip that you are cutting into smaller segments. <url>"by far the highest" that you have encountered? Then what about <url>