@Matthew - It looks like you are not using one of our batteries. The batteries we ship are rechargeable and can be charged with any 18650 battery charger. Your battery may or may not be rechargeable, so take caution in charging it. The charger Brian posted a link to is the one we ship. We do care deeply about these flashlights and all of our backers. It is very troubling to us that this comment thread has become so negative. We are working hard to ensure that the quality of the flashlights that get sent out keeps improving thanks to those who have already received their flashlights and have contacted us with various issues that we have been able to solve. While we are still using our old anodizing process, we sent out another variation last week to see if we could speed up the process. We should get that sample back next week. @Mike - Let us know how it works when you have a fully charged battery. Every flashlight with a battery gets tested with the one it is shipped with before we package them so there shouldn't be a problem. @John & NJL - We had to ship a few flashlights to non-earlybird backers so that we can keep production flowing. Due to a mix of color availability, charger availability, and battery availability, we have had to ship some non-earlybird backers first. We are working to get flashlights out as fast as possible and this is one of the consequences. May I remind you that you saved $16 by being an early bird. We are shipping flashlights as fast as we are able to. As has been stated numerous times, the hold up is not with machining, please read the updates. We have completed all of the machining steps for the flashlight components. Also the projects you are referencing are not run by or maintained by CRL. We are a manufacturing company, and we manufacture products for multiple projects all the time. Again, machining is not the hold up. We have boxes of parts waiting to be anodized. We have sent off a test part to be anodized with our new method and if it works as we hope, we anticipate being able to cut our time for masking and un-masking in half. When we get the test unit back, we will be able to provide more information after we evaluate the results. @LT - We are choosing not to set out specific dates because we cannot guarantee consistent production numbers due to our issues with anodizing. If we feel that the change we have made is going to get us back on track, we will update you accordingly. As I'm sure you have seen, we have promised dates before and unforeseen obstacles have delayed those dates. We are shipping Flashlights as fast as we can. In the past week we have been working on a new way to mask the components for anodizing and we are taking it to the anodizer today to make sure that it works better than our previous method. We were able to offer refunds very early in the project but now that we have machined all of the raw material into components for the flashlights, we are no longer able to issue refunds. Hi Everyone, We delayed our update because as of last Thursday, nothing had changed. However, as I type this, the last of the end caps are going through their final machining process and we will be completely done with the machining of all of the aluminum parts of the aluminum flashlights tomorrow. The copper pills (for both titanium and aluminum flashlights) are close behind but not holding us up. As of right now, our main hold up is still in the anodizing of the Black and Gun Metal Grey parts. We plan on beginning production on Titanium Flashlight components within the next month. @Bill - This is not Massdrop, this is Kickstarter. Also, the projects you linked are not CRL projects, they are projects and ideas by others who use CRL as their manufacturer. Finally, you have never backed any of our projects except this one, which you have received a full refund for because you backed out before our estimated delivery date. Our delays have been outlined in our various production updates and those explain all the problems we have run into. We are NOT a shop with a single CNC machine that is being used on other projects. We have plenty of machines and man power to produce multiple products at once. Our delays on these flashlights have been well documented and laid out for the Kickstarter community to see in our project updates. The Apollo AP-1 is not held up in machining, but rather in anodizing, which is an outside process and out of our control. Please read the various updates to get a clearer picture as to what is going on. Thanks @Adam - The thing is, anodizing just seems to take forever with these flashlights because of the number of anodized parts. With our Nano Caches, there were only two parts to anodize. With the Apollo AP-1, there are 4 parts to anodize. So on numbers alone, there is a lot more to do with these flashlights than something like a Nano Cache. Add in how long it takes to reliably mask and un-mask each component, and time starts adding up quickly. As far as what we would do differently on a future product, we should probably leave that until we are done fulfilling this project so we can take a close look at what did and didn’t work well. @Adam - Your question has been answered in our latest update. All of the aluminum flashlights will be anodized. Titanium is shipping with its natural finish. @NJL - No. All of the machining processes on the main body pieces are finished. They still need to be anodized and assembled. We are not done with early bird shipments yet. Hey Everyone, There won't be a production update today but we will have one out on Monday. We are about to reach a big milestone in flashlight production and want to wait so we can share that with you. Pictures will be included! See you all Monday! @Erik - When your flashlight ships you will receive shipping info in a Kickstarter personal message. @Duncan - The flickering is one of the symptoms we had when the flashlight components weren't screwed in as tight as they should have been. If our tightening video helps, let us know and we will take another look at your batch of lights to fix the problem. @ChefSean - When your flashlight ships you will receive a Kickstarter message with your tracking info. @John - We decided to go with the 3 mode rather than the 5 mode with the strobe and SOS. @Scott - That sounds like a low battery. If the problem persists with a fully charged battery PM us so we can give you more help. @DK - We don't have the equipment for large scale wax or lacquer dipping and cleaning. @Adam – The surface of non-anodized aluminum is softer than anodized, meaning that it would scratch more easily. Also, it is shiny, silver, and really doesn’t look great. @NJL - We are still getting through the Early Bird shipments. @Bill - Glad you got yours! @Sebastian - Working on that update :) Unfortunately I can tell you right now that we won't have all of the Early Bird rewards done by tomorrow :( We are well on the way to that though. @DK - We tried both the tape and the screw on block by themselves and they didn't work great. Using them in conjunction is working much better and we are going to stick with it. @Steven - Check your messages, looks like you got buried. Also, thanks for the suggestions. The pill redesign was covered in Update #21, which required re-machining of the pill assembly. As far as masking goes, we are using the same techniques as shown in Update #22, however we are applying more tape to get a better seal on the threads. More tape is adding to the difficulty of getting the tape out of the threads after anodizing. Here is a picture of taped threads and un-taped threads. <url>– Ti production has not yet started but will begin after early bird rewards have gone out. @Ryan – We are going to deliver all flashlights. Our delays have been outlined in previous updates and we are shipping flashlights as soon as they are ready. @DK #1: You are correct, at the time of the production update, we had 12 fewer heat sink pills than our next component. At this time, we have marginally more heat sink pills completed than flashlight bodies. The reason for the low number of heat sink pills is that we chose to redesign the heat sink when it did not meet our drop test requirements. We added 2 more component parts into the heat sink to make it more reliable in the event of an impact. #2: An anodizing lot is 50 units. Our last batch to go to the anodizer took 8 work days to finish. There were minimal problems with the processing of that batch. Our current batch to be sent to anodizing is still there. #3: We have solved some of the problems by redesigning the copper pill. We are currently trying to get our anodizer to process our parts in a more timely manner, and are working on new masking techniques to speed up the process. #4: There is a new person in charge of handling Kickstarter updates and shipping, hence the updates and more timely replies to messages and comments. @DK The issues we are having in production were outlined in Update #25, where we explained that the parts that we are waiting on are held up in anodizing, which you will note is an outside process and not directly under our control. @Martin We are not able to give a firm date when you will receive your flashlight because our production rates are not yet consistent, as DK noted, due to issues in the anodizing of the aluminum components. @Christian Glad it worked! Hi Everyone, Check out our latest update for some more information on batteries. Thanks Hi Everyone, In addition to having a shorter battery to solve the issue, we have found that some of the production units that have been sent out may have not had the various components tightened to spec. Short video to show you how to check if your flashlight needs tightening and how to tighten it either later today or Monday. We have found that tightening all of these components allows room for longer batteries to fit. We are updating our assembly procedure to prevent this from happening in the future. @DK Update has been posted. @Shawn We are working on producing and shipping, see the latest update. @Christian We have addressed this issue in the latest update. If your situation varies please send us a PM. @Ryan Glad you got your flashlight! Enjoy and post some pics of using it to our Facebook. @Blake We are continuing to ship flashlights daily. When your flashlight is shipped you will receive a tracking number with your shipping information. Please PM us if you would like to confirm your address. @Brad Glad you got your Apollo AP-1! Be sure to post some pics of you using putting it to work and tag CRL on Facebook! Hey everyone, sorry for the delay in communications. We would like to apologize in regards to the non early bird backers receiving their flashlights before all early bird rewards had been sent, about five flashlights were mistakenly sent to backers not in the early bird category. This mistake has been corrected and we are continuing flashlight fulfillment. To those of you who have received your flashlights, thanks for all of the great reviews and comments. We hope to see more as fulfillment continues. Look for a new production update next week. To all: The production rates can not be extrapolated linearly. We are going faster, and will continue to get more out per week. We anticipate that all of the Early Birds will be complete in May. To all: Please see the most recent production update just posted :) <url>’s the bottom line. And everyone can check out our website here of course! www.crl-products.com Hello Everyone, Thank you Azaly for explaining that, we will be sure to adjust the included instructions for better clarification. For clarification on shipping order, we do not ship off of backer numbers. #200 could be shipped the same day as #751. @shane: Those are some great photos you took! As to anodize rates. We can send every batch in group of 60 to get anodized. We have 60 sets of masking blocks that we apply before anodize, and remove after. We currently have 60 in house, and 60 out for anodize, because this is a hard anodize type 3 it takes longer then normal anodizing process. Currently we have been shipping slow as we are still encountering dilemmas. As things are smoothing out we are trying to get 40+ flashlights out a week. As many of our continued backers know, our projects have been increasingly more difficult. And fulfillment has also became much more complex. We have made a change from a 3 part nano-cache to a 34 item flashlight. And our first experience with electronics. We understand your frustration with how late fulfillment is running. But we ask for your continued patience, as this is new experience for all of us. Thank you again and feel free to message us, CRL Hello Everyone, Aluminum flashlights are still in production, the next batch of Black is currently at anodizing. To address the comments about no one saying they have received their lights, we have sent out Flashlights, and when it is sent you will receive a tracking number. Flashlights have been delivered and received. We have no control over if a backer chooses to post a comment saying they got their Flashlight. We apologize for our lack of communication during these busy times. If you have messaged us, we will be replying to messages this afternoon, and will try to get back to all of you tonight. @John: Much Shipping. So Excite. Expect Soon. Wow. ;) We thank you again for your patience, CRL Hello Everyone, We will be posting a update tomorrow that will answer almost all of your comments! If your comment isn't covered in that update you can expect a message from us with details. Thank you all ten-fold for your patience, CRL Hello, @ Shane: Gray flashlights are at anodize currently, and we will be receiving them back in the shop Monday morning. Then assembly and testing, this should take 4 days. @ Steven: There should be no effects from the stripping, and the common eye would see no difference. -CRL @Adam: We were going to invite our two guests to witness titanium production being done, so you may follow your flashlight parts through the process from the machine shop to the lab and take home something you watched/helped make start to finish :) But if you would rather come earlier drop us a message! Or if yo would rather come to pick up your bag o' loot then return later, you may do that as well. @Matthew: This is the first time we hard anodized something and the anodize added on to the material more than we suspected. Sorry we forgot to address this issue in the below comment. The hard anodize added thickness to the insides of the flashlight head, so the lens did not fit inside. For the black ones we hand stripped the anodized surfaces inside the head so the lens fit properly and securely, but for the the grey we are sending back to be stripped then sealed then re-anodized, hence the longer wait. We did not realize this issue. We are working diligently on it. We can not give out exact dates or estimated dates any more because some of our backers take these dates as promises and we can not promise such dates, nothing can be promised really in early or first time production runs. We are working on creating an impressive product and there will be delays unfortunately. This is what Kickstarter is about though, funding to bring a project into reality, these have never been made before, these are not products sitting on a shelf ready to ship, and this is not a store. 100% of this funding went to flashlights and flashlights only, rest assured :) Hello everyone! And to our fellow tucsonians hope you are all having a great rodeo break! (Yes, that's a real thing down here!) This past week we unfortunately had our air compressor go down due to a leak, taking the whole shop with it. But now it is all fixed up and as good as new! As for grey flashlights we are happy to announce... the first grey should be shipping in about two weeks! yay! Thank you all so much for your understanding and patience with us in this adventure, we can't wait till we can get all of these Flashlights to you! Thanks again, CRL @Mike: It look like you already filled out your survey, so you're good to go! Hello, All aluminum surveys have been sent! Please fill them out :) @David: At the moment we do not have an exact date. @leung: They've been sent! We just finished getting through all our messages, so if you messaged us, you should have a reply! Thanks again, CRL Hello everyone, We are still shipping Early Birds, so if you haven't received it yet have no fear! It will be going out soon :) We do not have any more news pertaining that upgrade, but when we do we will be sure to let you all know right away. Now about the Surveys, The next few tiers should be receiving surveys this week. So keep an eye out for those! Thank you so much, CRL Hello everyone, @John: I'm glad you're enjoying your flashlight! @everyone else: Surveys for all tiers have not yet been sent out. 2 more tiers should be receiving the surveys within this next week. Thank you, CRL So glad that flashlights are starting to arrive! If you messaged us we will get back to you ASAP, we've been getting quite a few these past couple of days. @David/Everyone: Yes still shipping! Currently we are sending Black lights. We will be shipping gray soon. With the last batch of gray we had a masking issue and they are currently being re-processed. This will not hold up us sending Black though! Thank you, CRL Hello, Please read the most recent update, has some great stuff there for you :) dn I do believe it answers all the questions below. And just so there is no confusion (in case you don't read the comments there) ALL lights, early bird included, come with the upgrades stated in the update :) we were taking the time to develop these updates, that is why shipping was stalled, so the early bird can get the upgrades too! Thank you for you patience, understanding, and support! Hello everyone! If you have messaged us, we're currently up-to-date on all messages so go check your inbox! :) We will have an update soon, so keep an eye out! Early birds will begin shipping next week! We're so excited. Oh and deep water testing went AMAZING; that will be in the update too :) Merry Christmas, CRL @Sam: Yes Steven is correct any 18650 battery charger will work. We are using a single battery USB charger. If you would like to add it on Messages us! @Steven: Yes! @Matthew: Currently, yes. We are planning on getting some out this month, though the majority will be sent in January. @Tyler: We have not looked into this flashlight so we can not give a in-depth analysis. Though according to their specs, it max's at 1,000 lumens and as you can see from out data results we reached over 1,200 lumens. Thank you! CRL Survey's for the second Early Bird tier have been sent! @Steven, Oh we almost forgot! We will post an update soon :) Hello Everyone, Just a quick announcement. The company is taking a holiday break on behalf of the Thanksgiving. Feel free to contact us during this break, we will try to get back to you as soon as possible! We will be returning to the office Monday morning. Thank you for your understanding and have a great Thanksgiving weekend! -CRL Hello everyone, The first run of aluminum machining is almost done! After this the flashlights will be sent to anodizing in batches of 60. (If you remember the anodize test we sent, the results came back great!) Then back in house for electronics! Surveys for the other early bird tier should be sent out soon. Thank you all so much for your patience, CRL Surveys are out now, only to the first early bird tier ;) Thanks! @Joakim: Yes, it has a memory function. It will remember what setting you had on it last and it will turn on to that setting every time until you program it to do something else :) What Azaly said is also correct. Thanks! Hello, Posting an update right now, struggling with the platform... it wont let me post any pictures... but the information is the most important part anyway. It will be up today regardless. update is on its way, hopefully today if I can get our designated engineer to finish it... Both pens and flashlight use the lathe? Yes. I'm not sure I understand your question... Yes, the Flashlight is made entirely on the Lathe, not the mill, all our mills are fine and need something to do if anything :/ We Will be updating you in a day or so, one of our engineers is writing an update for you with his findings and test results! We will also show you some photos of our new optics lab we set up for more accurate tests. It was the CNC lathe that broke, not the CNC mill, we have plenty of CNC mills... but the lathe is operational again and running 24 hours a day to catch up Hello, Sorry for the silence. We've been going through extensive testing on the flashlight, once we finish we will be posting about all of our results! We have done almost all of the tests and WOW we are BLOWN AWAY with some of our results! We know you're all going to love some of these test results too! Thanks, CRL Hello everyone, Update coming right now, then another in a week or so with some sneak peeks ;) more photos of how production is coming along! Hello, I hope we have answered most of your questions through recent updates. Questions regarding chargers and batter lifespan times will come in another detailed update :) Its easier and less confusing to explain it once in detail after all the standardized tests have been completed. So chargers are up next :) It may take a week or two though to get adequate information, and test results, we want to give you quality after all! And all the reasons for why we choose the charger we choose. If you have any more questions don't hesitate to message us! Thank you! Wow! What a wild ride this has been, it really exceeded all of our expectations, and we want to really thank you for all the support you have shown us! We will work diligently to deliver a quality product to you, over the next few months. We will continue to keep you all informed though periodic updates, as the project moves forward though testing, and production. From this point on we will only make the updates available to backers, not the general public. This is because of the amount of general discussion, and debate that has gone on during the funding process, and we need to focus all of our efforts on the testing, evaluation, and production of these units. We are also moving the specification chart from the main page, to the update page for the same reason. We will provide you the official test results, as they become available. At the conclusion of the project, we will publish the final specifications chart, in an update to the general public for all to see. Thank you again for all your support! -CRL Team **@Matthew: Let me correct my earlier statement that the AW18650 is one of the batteries we are testing, but, we will be using the NCR18650 from Panasonic with 3400mAH capacity. It has an excellent rating and is preforming well in our testing. It has optimum protection; over charge, undercharge, and short circuit. Thanks! -CRL @Shadow: Yes, just increase your pledge amount to include the amount for the battery and you will be all set to go ☺ @Matthew: Yes we are shipping a protected AW18650. Incidentally, the Ap-1 will accommodate a battery up to 70 mm in length. @bill: For the completion of the KS project we will only be proving and supporting the AW18650 battery and compatible charger. As future batteries become available we will evaluate their compatibility and provide updates when available to make sure your flashlights don’t burn up! Good advice, thanks for mentioning the flammability issue! @Joakim: Thank you! @Derek: we are down to three on the charger, and we have narrowed down the battery to a name brand, we are pretty sure its going to be the Panasonic 3400mAh battery. @Bill: Thanks! Good choice ;) @Anders: we will be doing a backer only update and we will share with you the information where to buy accessories for you flashlight! @Eric: Mainly thermal performance enhancements were observed but we have not finished, we are still working on run times. @John: We will send you a message to get you squared away! Thanks! @Matthew: Thank you for your help ☺ @ Georg @ Bill: We are still in the process of testing. We are making 20 more flashlights just for the evaluation phase before full production. That way we can do multiple tests in parallel. Our original build was 5 lights, and 3 of them have been sacrificed to various mechanical tests. Currently we are getting very close to the 1 hour run-time on high about 54 minutes and on medium we are getting a range from 7.5 hours to 10.5 hours. These numbers are not in any way final, and were not performed with the battery of choice. These results were also not conducted with the new copper PCB. We anticipate better results in the final analysis. As far as luminosity goes we just recently received our integration sphere, and have only conducted some preliminary (non-official) tests, and they are looking pretty good. Again we have to set up the test correctly in accordance with FL-1, with the final battery and correct aperture and distance. We will keep you updated. Hello, Initially the stretch goal for the copper pbc was set at 100k but upon testing, we found the results were very much improved and we have decided to make the copper PBC avalable for ALL our backers, in both the aluminum version, and the titanium version. Please consider this streatch goal as met, thank you for your suport! ((more informaion will be included in the update we are planning to post)) Thanks! -CRL Thank you for your support everyone! We have an exciting update coming up for all of you, it will answer many questions :) @Drew: batteries and chargers are both in testing phases, we are trying to pick the best one, we have a pretty good idea now, but they are still in testing. Yes, the battery will have to be removed to charge it, in order for our light to be water proof to the level we are hoping for (between 200-300 feet) we had to make it this way. You can read more about them in this update: <url>… ☺ more information soon. For all titanium questions/concerns please refer to the “titanium?!” update, they will be addressed there. @Eric: Our light fits to most standard flashlight mounts, for specific dimensions please look at the mechanical update found here to see if our light will fit your system. <url>☺ more information as we complete our testing! @Cody: We ship APO all the time, so it would be no problem to ship your light directly to you where ever you are stationed. But yes, you may private message us your shipping address and we will be sure your light gets to you in case Internet is not an option. Thank you for your service! @Bill, @Shane: First stretch goal to be announced shortly! @Eric, @Karl: We have a variety off the shelf third party attachments. We will show you pictures in a future update! This includes colored lenses, detachable caps, and diffusers. @Eric & Shane: According to our information Copper, Pure 386.0 W/m-C Aluminum 6061-T6 167.0 W/m-C Titanium 15.6 W/m-C Copper can conduct over twice the thermal energy of aluminum and nearly twenty-five times that of Titanium. @Shane: Although we’re not quite sure what you mean by ‘direct bond’, we can describe, in some detail, the design features of the heat sink. The Heat sink (Pill) in our flashlight is cut from copper 101-H04 billet round rod. The 101-H04 Full Hard temper alloy is oxygen-free (0.0005% max), is 99.99% Cu with alloy elements As, P, Sb and Te each of 0.0005% or less. The 101 alloy is also one of the more costly, of the readily available alloys. (note: the aluminum heat sink pills seen in the photos were prototypes only used to confirm machining accuracy and fit prior to machining the copper material. They will NOT be used for any testing prototype or production version of the Apollo AP-1) The heat sink is 1.0” diameter and 0.68” long with a 0.43” deep pocket in one side thereby removing approximately 38% of the internal material yet leaving a 0.25” thick wall directly behind the LED substrate board. The LED Driver circuit board is positioned near the center of the heat sink to capture as much of the radiant heat within the confines of the heat sink and to further separate that heat source from the positive end of the battery. The exterior of the heat sink is threaded (1-32 UN 2A) to mate with the flashlight head. This doubles the direct contact surface between the components by 100% over a smooth surface-to-surface contact area. @ Richard: In this introductory version we’ve chosen to use tried-and-true components that have already proven capable of meeting our stringent design requirements. Future versions will likely include more recently developed technology to meet the exacting demands of today’s flashlight users. @Dung Nguyen: Good idea, we will post an update today with a poll so we may keep all the requests in one local place. @Mike: We plan on it! Thats one of our favorite tests (see previous project videos) @George: Thanks for helping to clarify! @Bill: we ran an unofficial test on one of our prototype units on the highest setting with a 3100mAh battery and it started blinking low voltage indication at around 54 min. Not quite an hour but we are not done and we are not even sure this is the battery we want to use. @all titanium supporters: Thank you for your feedback! Please comment again on our poll coming in a few moments in the update section :) We are planning several updates for next week including more information on the copper heat sink, testing, quality, and other components of the flashlight. Everyone have a great weekend, we will talk to you on Monday! Thanks! -CRL @Ching-yuan Hou: we are very well aware and have a method of solving this :) Also, if you have any interest at all in a titanium version, can you please pos here to let us know? We would like to take a very rough count... :) thanks! @Trogdor: We have never used a 3rd party fulfillment plan. We always complete fulfillment ourselves, is there a particular concern you have? @Bill, George, Mike, Ben: Thank you for your support of our project, we appreciate it :) If you have any other questions please read our updates, they cover a lot of information that has recently been misunderstood. Thank you! -CRL @ Calvin: We are sorry you decided to opt-out of our project, before you got to evaluate it first-hand. We also greatly appreciate your 1$ donation. We have been made aware of this forum group approximately 2 days ago. This is an obvious attempt to “stir the pot”, and were ok with that. We have been addressing individual questions, and concerns on private emails about specific statements on forums like the one below, and we will continue to address each legitimate question. We respect everyone’s opinion but we will not engage in a public mud-slinging exchange. We will provide our backers information about our design, and provide ongoing test results as they become available. It’s not to say that we can’t make improvements to our design, there have been many good comments that are effecting change in our design right now. Our intention is to design, develop, and produce a tactical light that is in line with our current products and consistent with industry standards. We agree that our communication needs to be very clear, and we will do that. We want to assure all of our backers that we are going to develop, and deliver a quality instrument with good value as we have done in past. Over the next few days we will be posting updates that will provide more insight into our design, and manufacturing process. Thank you for your continued support. @Shane: At the moment we have no plans to offer an extension tube on this model. -CRL Hey, Everyone! @CJ @George @Kristian: Please refer to Update #1 @Mike: Lucky you! @Tyler: We currently have some T6's in the lab for evaluation. @Andrew: The Apollo AP-1 is compatible with a variety of standard mounts and rail systems for your convenience. @Ellen: See Bill and CJ's comments @Bill and @CJ: Thank you for explaining that! @CJ: Special thanks go out for your current and past support! Hello Everyone, Thank you so much for your support! We are loving your recommendations and stretch goal ideas, so keep them coming! @Bill That's a great suggestion, but is not currently in our plan for the next couple of months. We have 2-3 more Tactical products we would like to release before making mulitple versions of current products. @Grant It takes 18650 Lith-ion batterys, these are not AA or AAA it is it's own size. @CJ I will look into this, though I dont know about your specific charger. You should look up your specific charger online, and see if it will work @Benjamin Sorry, but that will not avaliable in this campeign. @Jirik @James E @ Rick Thank you for your stretch goal suggestions and we will adress them in our next meeting. @Diane and @jerry I private messaged you concerning this matter. @James It take one 18650 Lith-ion Battery @Chawanat exactly :) @Herbert we have evaluated the 20, 38, and 48 degree reflectors and have chosen to go with the 20 degree. @Sam Yep! @Blaine The bezel is currently made out of Aluminum, and its primary function is for when placed on a flat surface, light will leak out. We have also designed a smooth Stainless Steel bezel ring that we may offer as a stretch goal. Also, the bezel width was designed specifically to fit some 3rd party flashlight accessories such as colored lenses, diffusers, etc. Thank you! CRL @GMAN: The battery will be a Lithium Ion battery, we are currently testing seven different brands to find the very best. Same with chargers, we have five different brands and we are finding the two that work together for the best results. We will be sure to let you know when we have the solution! @Everyone: Just as a heads up, we upped the early bird $99 pledge so we could give a chance to our previous backers to get in on the deal too, and any one else who would like to take advantage :) thanks! -CRL @Sam: Nope, what you do is go through the modes to find the setting you want by putting pressure on the switch, but not making it 'click' then when you find the setting you like you full click and that will make the chosen setting the default setting so that whenever you turn the flashlight on normally it will go to that setting. Hope that makes sense :) @Derek: Nope! if you have your own lithium ion battery charger it will work just fine :) @Chef: unfortunately we can not ship extra batteries, the post office doesn't like that... but we are working on getting a hazmat license so we can, if things change we will let you know! Thank you every one! funded already, wow, you are all awesome! time to start thinking about stretch goals maybe? Thank you again! -CRL @Chef: Nope, the battery charger does not come with batteries Thank you every one :) If you would like to get more than one flashlight than yes, just double your pledge amount to cover two (or more). The battery will be a Lithium Ion battery, we are currently testing seven different brands to find the very best. Same with chargers, we have five different brands and we are finding the two that work together for the best results. We will be sure to let you know when we have the solution! Keep an eye out for an update. We are going to show video of our tests we did on the flashlight, and our early prototypes :) Thank you everyone so much for your support! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Refound me. Now! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I am a backer and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Worth a shot. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I am backer 456 with a pledge amount of $140 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Yet another delay, and proof KS doesnt support the backers, just their own wallet.... Why no regular update , status report form the creator to the backers, like they all do before the funding is completed .... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I just filed a complaint with the BBB more people should file one so they don’t keep there A+ rating that they don’t deserve. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge. CRL is still on their "short break". Must be exhausting to be fraudulent ripoff artists. Seasons greetings Assholes! I hope you are happy ripping people off and depriving them of their pledge and hard earned cash >:( Followed @someone's link... CRLProducts is taking a short break Hopefully forever! Spread the news all over social media about these guys and the way they work! New site is: <url>"making out efforts to fulfill the project" ??? Please send us the flashlights we ordered. Still nothing (just going with the "Keep this item open" comment of bw de vries...) Stilll no light.... just to mention it and keep this item open Jace, go buy a tried and tested product from a real honest Company. There are many out there who have great reliable products. I lost $525 to these shits and after supporting them for many months.......years, I bought one from Brian Fellhoelter at Fellhoelter.com. <url>"Some projects won't go as planned. Even with a creator's best efforts, a project may not work out the way everyone hopes. Kickstarter creators have a remarkable track record, but nothing's guaranteed. Keep this in mind when you back a project." Nothing is guaranteed, and our backers knew this from day one. But we have been, and still are making out efforts to fulfill the project.--- We need to pressure them to post proof of ongoing production, as they say they are. Otherwise, as stated in the Terms Of Use page posted at the bottom of this page, legal action is warranted by us, the backers--and we need to follow through if they decide against posting such information. Thanks Sebastian, I just filed a complaint. So far there's just 4 complaints. I know there's much more backers that didn't receive their flashlights than that. C'mon guys, we need to do all we can! FILE A COMPLAINT: CYBERNETIC RESEARCH LABS INC <url>#breakdown 3 years later and these dumb fucks paid nothing back. Scum fucking company and website. I'll sell mine to someone who really wants one for what I paid for it. $89 it's black and it works.* I'll pay for shipping just USA only. No International. PayPal at <email> *** I cannot promise anything -sorry no returns. Just trying to be upfront on any Kickstarter project. Just give it up, people - this company obviously won't deliver the product anymore to any backer (including myself). Buy something else instead, something that is widely available for sale at many online retailers with better quality and lower price. Oh, and learn the important lesson from this experience: stop supporting dishonest, lazy USA-based "manufacturers" and instead try to always spend your money on products engineered and manufactured in other countries ;-P I know I will. This is the companies contact form. I would send them regular messages to have them deliver or refund. <url>’t be completed? If a creator realizes they’re unable to bring their project to life as promised, they have to be open about it with their backers. Here’s what they need to do: Explain to backers what work’s been done, how funds were used, and what stopped them from finishing; Demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately, and have made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; If there’s money left over, offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward, or explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. There’s much more on this topic on our Trust & Safety page and in our Terms of Use. i'm #153, in Australia, and STILL still waiting is there any progress to update? Scumbag fucks Update #34 - Sep 26 2014 - More Flashlights "As we have stated numerous times before, we are going to get each of you an awesome Apollo AP-1." Has shipping progressed beyond the 28% that had been sent over a year ago on Sep 11 2014??? Tuscon Arizona! Wheres my $500 gone? They were never out of business, they used the money from this project to Stay In Business! Happy 2 Year Anniversary for Nothing! Any updates???? 145 dollars is alot to some of us Hi, can we get a progress report please. Check out the following website, seems like they are back in business,: www.cybreslabs.com... but still no torchlight t!!!! Cybernetic Research Labs have taken our money and run. Do no expect to receive anything, not even any communication. This goes against the kickstarter ToS. The tactical flashlight was removed from their website months ago, a strong hint they have no intention of ever completing production of the product. ...campaigns @ Jan- they have filed bankruptcy... and tried running camopaigns on other crowd funding sites as well. Crooks and I wouldn't expect anything. Does anybody have a adress where to claim an refund? <url>"Apollo AP-1" engraving on the body was slightly offset (sloppy!). Every other CRL kickstarter I backed was fulfilled quickly and with no drama. Obviously the complexity of this project overwhelmed them, combined with the reduction of their other businesses. Still, 28% fulfillment (after over a year!) is pathetic, and I totally feel the anger and frustration of other 72% who still have not received what they have ordered. Luckily I was one who received the flashlight, but I rarely use it as it isn't as finely polished at the big names in the market. Came back to post as I too was not impressed, by an email, that they are trying to push their other products (including giving free gifts) when people are still waiting on here for their flashlights. Backers need to start speaking up by sending emails directly to the company. WOW! We can't get our goods that we paid for years ago. But they are giving away a free gift and 15% off orders from their store? Is our money being used to subsidise this offer?!? <url>"Rix" dice again too! Ah, yeah, that's total bullshit CRL. Backers are guaranteed a reward or a refund. And I requested a refund about 6 months ago and was told NO because "production on the the titanium lights will begin soon". That sounds like a promise to me. If you can't give me a refund, where is the fucking progress? This company makes me sick. GO FUCK YOURSELF CRL! What time to ship? Now is 2015 @Jeff Clapp I also filed a complaint with BBB CASE# 19046212 I received an exact copy & paste response to what you received. Filed a complaint with BBB CASE#: 19045939 in Tuscon and the reply is below: On March 23, 2015, the business provided the following information: Reply delayed due to incoming mail being re-routed. The product in question was funded through a campaign on Kickstarter (crowd funding). The products production is running behind, but product is still being shipped out. Backers should understand, and we have reminded them, that Kickstarter is not a store, shipping delays do happen, and nothing is ever, or has ever, been promised. Kickstarter rules state "Some projects won't go as planned. Even with a creator's best efforts, a project may not work out the way everyone hopes. Kickstarter creators have a remarkable track record, but nothing's guaranteed. Keep this in mind when you back a project." Nothing is guaranteed, and our backers knew this from day one. But we have been, and still are making out efforts to fulfill the project. @Luke Higgins +1 Break out the pitchforks Public Service Announcement: CRL has resurfaced on massdrop in the last 24 hours. <url>"work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers." They must be able to demonstrate appropriate use of funds and have "made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised." They must have acted honestly, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers. Finally, creators must offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. <url>"legal action", Kickstarter is not a store and you were basically "donating" the money to a now-bankrupt company. Just forget about whole thing and buy any similar flashlight made by Fenix or Nitecore, they make flashlights with same exact capabilities for similar or cheaper prices, with proper support and proper warranty. @ Levi - I am in as well. Not only am I peeved about stiffing me for my pledge, they kicked me in the teeth afterward. I would gladly be part of legal action. @Steve - the ETA is never! That is abundantly clear by now. Dear CRL, As its now almost February 2015 and my backer number is 25, do you have an idea of what the ETA is for my light? Thanks, Steve Does anyone know if/how we might join together to seek legal action? I am owed several hundred dollars by CRL, as I'm sure many others are. I wouldn't mind kicking in another hundred to help pay for legal services. I emailed them back in December and asked if they would send me other items they make as fulfillment in place of a flashlight. I got a prompt response of "sure," so I emailed them what I would like within an hour. That was the end of it. No stuff, no response. I have emailed several times since with nothing...absolutely nothing. I find this not only stealing my money in the frist place, but then kicking me in the teeth afterward! So I would have zero illusion you will ever see fulfillment of this KS. They are gone and your money is with them. You've been scammed. how do you tell what backer number you are? Any update? So far nothing has arrived, despite claims in September of "assembling and shipping flashlights constantly". Hey, even if you've shipped it with the donkey express it should have arrived after a quarter year ... Terry, you received your light recently? Within the last week? - Got my light - Charged the battery - It does not work - Emailed CRL 1 week ago - No reply - WTF please give me a flashlight. Pretty please? More info why we will get NOTHING !!!!!!! <url>#sthash.wdEI1lw5.dpuf Here are contact details, anyone live in Tucson, Arizona ? Cybernetic Research Labs Inc Machine Shop Address: 3625 East 42nd Stravenue, Tucson, AZ 85713 Phone:(520) 571-8065 @ Joe I thought about doing that even now. Don't even care if it pisses Amazon off. The initial credit card transaction was a while back, which is what KS scammers like CRL usually rely on to get away with fraud, however the last update CRL posted was in September promising that deliveries were being made until going completely silent. Our credit card companies should see that we weren't just sitting on this charge, but were actually being strung along by a scammer. I say we file the claim and see if we can get our money back and be done with CRL. Has anyone tried to get at "chargeback for the payment made based on 'goods and services which were not received'. " from any bank? I would think that since it is so long ago they would not be able to. @Levi Definitely make a report / complaint to Kickstarter. I have, but they are "unable to facilitate refunds". The more of us speak up, the better our chances of something happening. Looks like CRL are even struggling to meet promised deadlines on massdrop. But they continue to give that priority over this 18 month old project. You could also speak to your financial institution as they may provide some sort of method for recovering funds. Sometimes referred to as a chargeback for the payment made based on 'goods and services which were not received'. It probably won't help, but if you scroll to the bottom of the project page and click on "Report this project" and select post-funding issues, it might alert Kickstarter to the injustice here. Not that they haven't been reported before. I asked for a refund months ago and was told they would be starting production on titanium lights "soon". CRL are liars and thieves. Best case scenario is we somehow start a class action for our money back. I'm guessing somewhere around $50k of unfulfilled backer rewards. I think you will wait forever. I think this is dead. If you got one...lucky you. If not....you are just screwed out of $100 plus. Be respectful and considerate !!! What a FUCKING joke, Go FUCK YOURSELF CRL. Seriously please give us an update. If even only for bad news. Still waiting for my flashlight in France ... and no news from them @Steven Video in update 26. @Joe - I'm having problems with the occasional flickering here. Do you think you could explain how to take apart the tail switch? Thanks. I feel the same as Luke - this project is obviously a failure (with 0 communication during last 3 months) and while I realise the fact that Kickstarter is not a shop I'd rather NOT waste any more money on any poorly planned, dishonest projects. From now on I'll just be helping out others by buying the fully functional, readily available products from large retail stores. Yeah, this project has deterred me from backing any more KickStarter projects. Specifically because there appears to be no recourse for us, and no consequence for them. A shame. @Brian - considering CRL last logged in to this page on 4-Dec I think we're looking at a bust. Painful to me as I was stupid enough to back a Ti version. Hello first time checking in on this project. Backer number #73 here. So are they still going to be sending out lights? I hope this is not a bust. Getting tired of this on KickStarter. Really disappointed that CRL has skipped out on everyone. I got my light and it was well worth the wait. For those of you that have received your light, and are having the flickering/brightness/auto mode change, try taking apart the tail switch. Mine was very loose and after taking everything apart and re-inserting it, all the problems went away. @Luca You think Kickstarter is risky and your going to Indiegogo? Out of the frying pan and into the fire... Good luck! ok! another projects lost, other money wasted. i think i will moove to indiegogo. Thank you cybernetic Research Lab <url># They filed for chapter 11 earlier this year. Not looking good for us. I'd like to formally request an update. What is the current percentage-shipped? What is the current cause for delay? Any info would be nice. When do you ship ? Are you still shipping ? When do you ship ? Are you still shipping ? I have to say I'm disappointed with the poor communication on this project. Given it's over a year overdue I'd expect less than a three-month gap between updates. I'm backer #97 and still waiting for my gunmetal flashlight. No shipping email, nothing...I've already changed address too so don't even know if it will get to me. So are we chalking you up as another failed company? Why the silent treatment? Bad news is still better than no news at all. At least give us closure that we wasted our time, money, and hopes for you to deliver a satisfying product in a reasonable amount of time... Sad, backed gunmetal grey with a charger... have not received it. Not updates since September... this is very sad. Has the company gone under or something. Hello friends! Where is my Apollo Flashlight ? :) I really want to get it! Thank you So, I haven't really tried screwing the brass rings in yet (all the pliers and stuff are locked in the shop and I don't want to risk my Victorinox on a wrong job :P), but does that mean the AP1 will now work with 70mm batteries? If not, is it possible for you to make a 70mm-18650-friendly end cap or body tube in the future? In my opinion, when we develop a product that will last a lifetime, you must give a lot of consideration into self-service. Your video was superb, Finally, how do I stop the bright mode from going into "auto mode change madness"? The manuals were awfully unclear about this mode selection thing. By WTF I mean where's the flashlight By WTF I mean, where's the flashlight. Still............................... Waiting...................................................... And................ Waiting.......... WTF My Flashlight came in today! Not sure what backer # I was, there was a lone #826 but I see there were only 751 backers total, not sure what that number was and how to know what backer I was. FYI - Thomas Garza & EGJ177 I'm happy finally to have it. Hope everyone else gets theirs soon. I pledged for the gunmetal color, battery and added a charger I have still not received my order what's going on :( - I have backed many other kickstarter projects this is the only one that has not come through.....no updates that is a bad sign. I have stopped backing projects because of this one - I have lost faith in the model. I would encourage you all to report this project to Kickstarter by sending an email to <email>. I have already reported the project and got a templated response, but I have replied again twice trying to get an update from kickstarter or the desired response from the creator. I would hope that if more people report the project, kickstarter might actually listen... I wonder if this comment will be deleted like others in this thread? Kickstarter... you ask us to be respectfull and considerate, but how to react when the seller isn't likewise. He doesn't even react to questions. I hope he can't start a new project untill all backers have received there tourch. Hi CRL Why the silence, why don't you tell us what the status is, how many to ship, when.... No news is even worse than bad news Respect your backers this is the time for it. Youe received my shipping adress in February this year!! Hey Sal, I'm backer # 650, so if you get yours before I get mine 2023, I'm going to be really, really upset at their favorable treatment of you over me! ;-) BTW, I know there are not that many backers, it is just that this is ridiculous. I agree with Sal. I would take Pill bottles, Whistles, or anything useful in leu of my flashlight. Since I doubt I will be getting one, at least I would have something for my money. BTW, I know there are not that many backers, it is just that this is ridiculous. I agree with Sal. I would take Pill bottles, Whistles, or anything useful in leu of my flashlight. Since I doubt I will be getting one, at least I would have something for my money. @Sal be thankful I am #1020... I will die of old age before I see mine. :( @Dennis, Merry Christmas present for you! Maybe you could return the compliments next year when I receive my Apollo! @Deniss what backer number are you? Good to hear Dennis. Still hopeful. I was worried after the lack of updates. Looks like they are still shipping the Apollo. Just got my tracking number yesterday. Glad it's on the way. I guess you guys should have stuck with simpler objects like whistles and pill holders. I'm at the point where I don't even want mine. Especially if the switch is faulty. Just send $125 worth of pill containers and whistles. Those I can give as Christmas Presents. I'm Backer #653 LOL. I'll get mine in 2023 at this rate. When do you ship..... You give KS a bad name Hi all, anyone has the link with this bankruptcy? This is starting to feel like a scam... And while I've been giving the benefit of doubt&time... this is becoming very very very suspicious... @ Jason, Mmmm doesn't bode well does it? So a company (CRL)has a successful KS campaign, that's now 13 months past its estimated delivery date, CRL, hasn't logged in since the 1st week of sept. The last update was 2 months ago. CRL RARELY responds to comments. Has, essentially gone dark. Then a backer posts a link from the Better Business Bureau regarding the bankruptcy filing of the creators of the project and the backer who posted the link had his comments deleted? W. T. F. ! This is getting silly..........CRL just deliver and let's get the show over! Good Luck Guys! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Considering they haven't even logged into this website since Sep 6th, ( you can see the login date by clicking on "see full bio" on the right) I'd say if you don't have your light by now, your screwed. Since they actually have filed for bankruptcy, their maybe some possible recourse there, I don't know. Hi CRL team, I understand unexpected circumstance would have happen during the production, if I cannot get a refund or even shipping date, I think I can at lease ask for an update right? If you are in a trouble then just post an update and tell us what is happening, look at your last update it was at September! @Matthew Peck, I'm keen for more information depending on costs. I don't want to add too much more to this fast becoming over priced, waste of time, outdated product. I would throw some money into the pot also. Of course they misappropriated funds. Why else would it take so long? What's a request for disclosure? I'll throw in $25 if it gets some answers out of these crooks. I begin to wonder if the funds for this project were misappropriated. It wouldn't cost much to have a request for disclosure crafted and sent. Been a long while since the last update. @jason5 actually they do other projects under other names. 2 different Rix girls and some other name I forgot. Then they go to Massdrop and sell products under Cybernetics, Amber Rix, Ashly Rix and who knows how many other names. They don't play by the rules or tell the truth. Most likely they just suffered from some standard cash flow problems common to companies that grow to fast but instead of being honest and asking backers to work with them they just lied and made excuses. The problem I have with this is it makes crowd funding look bad. Due to this and some other unethical people I've probably missed out on some cool stuff because I don't want to take chances anymore. @LT - Well that said something is better than nothing...which is what I have right now. I was one of the lucky ones that received the AP-1 flashlight (after a year of waiting). Nice build, but for the price there are better and brighter flashlights. All the flashlights must almost be finished, they are working so hard they can not even give us an update or comment. @Levi I asked for a refund as well and received the same response a few days ago. I asked for a refund. They denied it. Claimed they are starting production on titanium lights "soon". What a joke. They spent our money on other things and are now making lights with whatever they have available as they get it. Yep. I'd like my money back. Last login September 6...hmmm This is the most painful KS ever. The trickle of rewards and wondering if sometime in the next 2-3 years I will even get a flashlight... Last up-date was one month ago. Not looking real encouraging. I've have not been following this project. I've had the Apollo since the end of January of this year (3 months past est. Delivery date). And i never looked back (until recently). So my 2 cents on this light: My major issue with the Apollo is that it's top heavy and the knurling on mine was uneven an kinda weak. Not a real issue for me but for 100$ it should be right. The Fenix PD35 is more balanced. I reach for the Fenix more than the Apollo because of the weight and size. Just my opinion. Regarding the delays...I get no pleasure in saying this. But this torch, well, it just ain't worth the wait guys. Just my opinion, but it isn't. Seriously, if I had been waiting a year for this...I'd be really honked off. And the rat of the backers have a right to be. And if I was a "titanium" backer... especially mad by their silence. There is no excuse that. Zero. This was the third CRL project I backed, it will be my last. Oh Wait, they can't do another KS project until this one is finished. So by default this will be my last. Best of luck gents. @ Mathew, I take its a "no" then? @Bill I don't have any experience with the TM26, or any multi-LED torch, for that matter. They strike me as having limited practical use, given their size and weight, but I know there are some people who have a need for the extreme output they offer. Nitecore products are high-quality in general, so I'd imagine that TM26 will treat you well for many years. As for the Fenix PD35, that's a fine torch, as are all of the torches from Fenix. It doesn't have particularly good endurance or heat dissipation, but it's certainly in the acceptable category on both. I aimed a little up-market from that, with my last purchase, opting for the EagleTac T25C2, which is an upgrade from their T20C2, which was reasonably similar to the PD35, and of similar price, just slightly better features. There are so many quality torches on the market (none of them called the Apollo AP-1), that it's hard to directly compare them. Your Fenix is in the good quality category, and Fenix torches have decent price/feature ratios, and as long as the control scheme works well for you, you just need to make sure you feed it quality batteries (skip anything named something-Fire), and you'll be happy. As you note, you didn't have to pay a lot for the Fenix PD35, so it's hard to be disappointed, and it doesn't disappoint. I'd say you've got a quality torch in the PD35. Hey Mathew how've you been! I was hoping to see you around! I've been wanting to get your opinion on the FENIX PD35 and the Nitcore TM26. I already have both and love them but wonder if they'll last? Each one seems to offer and deliver quite a bit at really reasonable price point, now I wonder if they're trustworthy! LOL! (I really miss the old days where "you get what you pay for" meant anything!) These seem too good to be true, but I've paid way more for much less, so who knows? LOL! @ Mathew. If you don't want your Apollo, I would be more than happy to take it off your hands.........er, out of your drawer for a reasonable fee + postage to NY. Wow, 28% a month ago, hardly a word since, and we're more than a year past the original delivery estimate. At this point, I can only assume CRL spent all of the funding long ago, and has since been trying to fund their commitment with sales of other items, which is why they're making them so slowly. I wouldn't be remotely surprised to learn that they spent the funding from this project on other things (which, you know, would be illegal). As far as I can tell, everything CRL has ever said about production has turned out to be unprovable or outright false. People should start demanding their money back. I would myself, except, unfortunately, I actually received one of these sub-standard drawer-fillers. Has anyone else been noticing significant flickering? It's definitely not the battery, as I charged it not long ago. Mine arrived today. Early bird gun metal, with battery... CRL, please take a minute out of your day to do a screenshot of your status spreadsheet and post it here. You said you'd update us every two weeks. Hey Levi! How've you been? Haven't see you around TiTown much lately! They're probably too busy making more of their other products for massdrop to keep us updated. And cranking out two flashlights a week has got to be exhausting ;) Bill's advice is totally solid too. Cheap batteries are dangerous. If they ordered "good" batteries from a questionable supplier to save money, which I can absolutely see them doing, they might just be re-labled crappy Chinese knockoffs or bottom of the bin garbage. Which are very, very dangerous. @CRL Sooooo.... How about those titanium torches? I'm still waiting for a simple ETA on when you'll start production. Seems to me there's no reason you can't be working on them RIGHT NOW if you have time to make more tactical pens for massdrop. They don't need to be anodized, so there's no hold up there. Will you be offering refunds for disgusted backers? What ever happened to the bi-weekly updates? @Brian sorry if I offended you. My point has more to do with driving home the fact that cheap batteries and/or chargers can and will burn your house down. I used to be an insurance contractor and I've seen several tragic home fires caused by crummy batteries/chargers. Even the top of the line batteries and chargers can start fires if they're damaged or defective, but most of the better ones have safeguards built in for that. I bought a laser on eBay last year that was good quality for the money, but the charger had exposed wires and zero fault protection and the battery turned out to be a recycled, mostly dead Chinese battery with a red Ultrafire wrapper on it. Just saying, be careful! Recieved last week my flashlight, it looks good and feel nice in my hand nice craftmanship and comes indeed with a cheap charger, only the downside is its already outdated and overpriced and there is no beam function. More happy with this one <url>"Estimated delivery Oct. 2013" HAPPY ANNIVERSARY! LOL! @Ryan- the problem is they put a handful of projects a month on Massdrop. Which seems to be the number of flashlights they ship a month..... I know that a business needs make money to stay afloat, but I, along with others, feel it's at our expense. I'm happy you got your light. DON'T stop checking these comments. See how many YEARS it takes CRL to fulfill ALL rewards. Kickstarter is an investor COMMUNITY. If I got my light tomorrow (which I won't) I'd still be back here to check in. I've had mine for about 1 week now. Hey, dramaqueens out there - they're not screwing anyone over. Yes, they're slow to deliver, but they are delivering. Stop with your insanity and internet rage. The product is coming. You can see and hear from others saying "hey I just got mine and..." so stop with the lunatic responses. You waited how long? so wait some more. It's coming. A company that intends to screw over backers at least has a perverted form of integrity over the no-account company that is nigh-on a year late delivering with absolutely zero excuse. This is how crowd funding dies folks: irresponsible, unaccountable project creators who suffer no consequence for having no integrity whatsoever. Thanks, CRL, for contributing to the death of crowd funding. You don't even have any profit to show for it. Pathetic. No. CRL hasn't logged on to these comments in 18 days. What's that say about how much they care. You can however reach them on Massdrop where they are currently selling a number of their other products. Can someone from CRL give us a rough idea of the process of receiving our flashlights? - Will an email be sent out prior? - also, estimated time frame of delivery? Thanks JT @ Steven; Many thanks @Brian - I was sent a message on Kickstarter that my flashlight was on the way over a week ago. There was no tracking number though. @ Steven; Congratulations! Did you receive any notice prior to receiving the light? I am just thinking they are sending these out and they suddenly arrive without notice? Well, I just got mine. Quality looks pretty good, and it feels nice in the hand. Like others before me have already mentioned, its a lot smaller than I expected, though that's definitely not a minus. Brightness seems pretty high on the highest mode; noticeably visible when used indoors even during daytime, though I'm not sure if its as high as they say seeing that I don't have any similar lights to compare it with. The other two levels seem to cover general use situations quite well, and are probably the modes I'll be using this light on 99% of the time. Now, onto my nitpicks about the quality of the light. There's a couple small imperfections around the thumb indent and lanyard hole areas. They're not really significant, but the one near the thumb indent (a small, slightly jagged edge) looks like it may make accessing the switch a little less comfortable depending on one's grip. Also, the "Apollo AP-1" logo and the "HOT" warning icon aren't perfectly aligned. Neither is the LED, though I doubt it'll affect performance in any noticeable way. Overall, it's a pretty good product, and was worth the wait in my opinion. Though, of course, it would have been a lot more satisfying if I hadn't had to wait nearly a year after the estimated date. I just want my 3 lights............no more delay, no more excuses. Just put them in the mail and send me a message they are coming. Simple. I agree with what Levi said. Pretty insulting the amount of items that have been on Massdrop while our flashlights aren't even on the back burner, they're off the stove. @CRL How is it that you have the time and resources to have at least THREE different products on Massdrop, while patient backers are still waiting for flashlights that were supposed to be delivered OVER A YEAR AGO? I'm completely fed up with your ridiculous excuses, and you're total lack of responsibility and ethics is becoming more apparent every month that goes by. You had some issues, sure, I get that. But you don't follow the update schedule as you promised, and you've only delivered a fraction of your orders. Anodizing problems getting worked out slowly? Sounds like total BS to me, but fine. If that's the case, why the hell can't you start working on the titanium flashlights? Or even give a simple estimate as to when you will. If you have the time and resources to make more of your other products, then you have ABSOLUTELY NO EXCUSE for not fulfilling your end of the deal. It's been said before, but it bears repeating: You are a disgrace to crowdfunding and American businesses. Just shut your doors, give us back our money, and go drop an app off at McDonald's. Just to confirm, is every backer receiving a confirmation email when their pledge is shipped or no? Apollo AP-1 (Gun Metal) has finally touched down in D.C. I did not expect this flashlight to be so small. Feels great to hold, the knurling is nice and not obtrusive. The button is great & the functions are good too. I like that there are 3 levels of brightness in all and if you hold the button down after you click it it stays in that level. Haven't tested it at night but I will soon. Thank you very much CRL for providing a great albeit slow project. Keep up the good work. Flashlight arrived, really nice feel in hand, intensely bright, didn't buy a charger so i cant speak on behalf of that, but the design is solid, all but a bit of metal shavings mixed with grease on the inside of the head. My gun-metal Early Bird turned up today. Fit and finish are very good, on par with what I expected, and equal to other flashlights I have in the same range. Seems to function properly, and the battery fits. . The "charger" on the other hand is a piss take - it's <url># Received a message that my light is on the way. Hoping it was worth the wait. I'll update more once received and tested. coming up on the year mark for my early bird :( was looking forward to this one, as the specs were good ( when first announced!) and I use flashlights quite a lot, but pretty disappointing project from these guys , hopefully most of the lights will at least get fulfilled, time will tell! @crl if you guys had contacted me about the Dutch company who could anodized it in a week then it was now ready and you where assembling and sending it to your backers, but whats the hold up now ? @crl I read below about your dislike of the negative comments, yet you ignore questions and don't stick to your updates - I believe this is all it would take to placate your backers. Like many others I want to know how many units have shipped - I have asked politely many times. I am early bird backer number 49 and I have backed you previously. Have you shipped 49 units yet? Please don't take my money without delivering and ruin my faith. Sorry Luke, my point isn't to rub it in. I just want to make sure as many people as possible know what CRL has done and continues to do under the names of Amber Rix, Ashlley Rix and others. CRL has broken the KS rules, run a bad business and now is not only officially in a state of bankruptcy, they are likely breaking several laws with by using other names to keep producing. The produce products and sell them on mass drop under several names. People need to know about it. If I seem a bit over zealous, it has more to do with some personal offense I've taken at the lies I was told by CRL in their efforts to keep me from backing out. People make mistakes in business, that is life. People make decisions on how to handle those mistakes, that is both a choice and a reflection of character. It's been a month since the last update. Funded July 2013. Promised Oct 2013. Now Sept 2014 - Come on CRL enough excuses. CRL logged in on 30 August, but still ignoring simple questions , To keep the positive news going: Got my Flashlight, battery, charger bundle a few days ago and since then I've been seeking for reasons to use this light every few minutes! The quality of my Flashlight is exactly what i was hoping for and what CRL promised its backers. Battery fits perfectly - after a few trial and errors i quickly got used to how to switch the brightnessmodes correctly and swift and no scratches or any damages are to be seen at all. In my personal opinion its perfect size, a little heavier than expected (which i personally like) and without doubt the brightest flashlight I have ever used! Please excuse my english, I'm german and now with my flashlight finally ready for a two week trip to the Alps :) Do your best to stay patient guys, this light is really worth the wait, you have my word! +1 CRL - Please state at this point how many lights you have shipped? It's a simple question. @ CRL. It seems that some of us are receiving the anodized lights.............good to hear and the reports are very encouraging..........Quality, performance etc etc. Some time back, myself and I believe one other backer requested you to proceed with the Titanium units as there would not be any anodizing work, therefore no holdups..............what happened? I have not received anything nor had any notifications/requests for address confirmations. Further update, very happy with the performance, especially on top setting. The feel of the finely knurled grip is really great and notwithstanding the couple of fine scratches on the end cap that I have I would give the fit and finish 8/10. Overall I'm quite satisfied with AP1 and hope it lasts as long as the look and feel would suggest. Flashlight received in Australia!!! I asked to switch to black as the gunmetal torches still seem a while off and I wanted it before a trip. Nice of CRL to organise this though we all know they are well behind schedule. Plain packaged, seems robust enough though there is some obvious scratching of the black coating on the battery cap and the whole torch has a feel of a tough but not perfectly finished product. It does feel quite heavy and robust however and seems bright enough though I cant really tell as just received and still daylight here. I hope the rest of you get your torches soon! Bill, you've made your point. Some of the info you have brought to my attention has been helpful. I appreciate your presence as a voice for my disappointment and discouragement. Though I still hold out hope that I will eventually receive the product I paid for, there is a part of me that worries I got scammed. With that said, you're veering into territory that is not helpful. Your comments are becoming insulting to the backers. I'm not happy with the situation. I don't need you to rub it in. CRL - we need reassurance that every one of us will receive the product we ordered in no uncertain terms. Get simple and direct, please. And answer the most oft answered question your supporters have been asking. How many units have shipped? Fenix PD35 @Levi Just think of all the stuff you could have bought from Brad for $500 instead of a flashlight that will never exist! @CRL you know Brad don't you? You should ask him how it feels to go to bed at night knowing you made an Honest dollar for a quality product you Delivered On Time and Have 500 people who will buy almost anything you make just because the trust you and even if they don't really need it, they want it because they like you and want to support your business! @crl I am also with Adam, we just asked simple questions and you guys keep ignoring your backers, @CRL - I'm with Adam on this one. It's obvious production is what it is - just tell us the output rates and how many you have produced. . Also - I bit my lip and didn't respond to your early bird jab about saving $16. I talked a number of people into backing this project, and spread the word on a couple of forums I'm a member of. Not all of those folks got early bird slots, and all are asking where their flashlights are as well. @CRL, I think a lot of the negativity comes from the sparse communication from you. When you do respond, you often ignore questions and make a brief comment to the one person who said their flashlight arrived. If you'd just post more often, say at least once a week, to let us know how how things are going and how many flashlights have shipped (for example, which is information that you continually ignore requests to provide), I think that would go a long way - even if the number hasn't changed. Personally, I don't need justification for why the number hasn't changed, so don't feel like you shouldn't say anything unless you have some good news or a milestone to report. A lot of us just want to know what's going on. Sure, a lot of us want our flashlights, too. :) In the absence of info from you, folks are going to grab on to any info they can find, which right now is coming from your critics. CLR does not care about this project and is full of BS, they state that they clearly know are making money off the charger and will not give refunds. Kickstarter gives the typical BS and states there is nothing they can do. Well, CRL you win for now but I nor anyone that I know will every back another project of yours nor purchase anything from you ever. I would like an update on the titanium flashlights. It was mentioned production could start on titanium while the aluminum is being anodized. I don't see why the titanium lights couldn't have been shipped already, if all the delays are with the masking and anodizing processes. Come on CRL, we deserve better than this. A lot better. The components themselves (except for the LED, which is getting a little outdated) seem to be rather decent, being used in a number of popular high-quality flashlights. The design for this light seems to be rather niche however, given the copper heatsink, making it more specialised for relatively long sustained periods of ultra-high intensity (and heat) output than the common general use cases, which would be sustained or short bursts of medium and low intensity. It's just my opinion based on a mediocre knowledge of flashlights and the problems reported by some of the few who have received some. Plus a company who's filed for bankruptcy isn't likely to spend top dollar on parts. Plus I have a $70 fenix PD35 Flashlight that does everything this one says it will do. This is a sweet light and doesn't get hot when run on high either. I've had mine for about 6 months now and use it regularly, actually just bought a 2nd one! <url>"darksucks" and ask some questions, you'll probably agree with me but maybe not. I do have it on pretty god authority that only being able to anodize 25 units a week is total BS though, I'll better if just one person worked on it it'd be more like 25 a day ready for annodizing. Bill, why do you say these flashlights are cheap junk? What parts of them are cheap? They are taking a while, but I had the impression that they were at least well made (if not always well assembled). Hey, can I have 100 grand and make 20 flashlights a month! Want to get more annoyed? Go to some flashlight forums and check out the components of this one, CHEAP JUNK! I think you mean 2016. Does it really matter as we never seem to get answers to questions. They only answer the simple questions. Hopefully we will all get them sometime before 2015. Annnnnnd. Back to no updates whatsoever. Simple question then How many flashlights have been sent to your backers, at this moment? How many need there to be anodized? Because id. did Some research and there is here in the Netherlands a company who can do it in a week, i could contact them for you Quick question: my backer number is 25, do you have an ETA? Thanks Not only do you not care about getting these out timely but you charged us $20 for the charger that we can purchase for $5.80 on <url>"20% Shipped" update as one of the promised production updates, we should have received another update a couple days ago. Thanks, Mike! Sure, they aren't running the project in an awesome fashion, but I'll give credit where it's due - that's one _really_ nice looking design that they put together! Pictures, as requested....Didn't realize the last photo was so blurry, but I'm too lazy to retake it. Sorry! <url>"Early Bird" gunmetal backer, and have not seen mine. . I would really appreciate it if you take some photos and post them, and please do continue to share your experiences. Darn, Mike. It's sad that is _still_ happening, months after the issue and resolution were identified. One could hope that high quality would make up for slow production, but that hasn't always been the case here. I suppose when I get mine sometime in (at current rate) 2018, the kinks will have been worked out. :) After further tinkering.. I don't think my battery is actually low. I think my light is one of those suffering from the "tightness" in the battery compartment. I had pledged for the light with battery, so it shouldn't have been a problem. I unscrewed the tail piece a little bit, and now it works perfectly. So I suppose I'll have to try that fix they provide in one of their updates, with a video. Quite unfortunate that this kind of thing is happening right out of their factory. Yeah, it makes one very uneasy this late in the game when so few people post that they received their light. Thanks, Mike. I appreciate the feedback! I'm glad to see that the machining quality is very good. Well, I'll be more glad when I actually "see" it :D, but I'm very glad to read it, I mean. I'm still playing with it.... trying to figure it out exactly. On the outside, its as beautiful as all the pictures show. Its the best looking flashlight I've seen, which is in large part why I backed this project in the first place. Keep in mind that I've never owned a flashlight of this sort. I have a single River Rock LED flashlight that takes two AAA batteries. Its the brightest flashlight I own, and a fairly concentrated beam. I've always been very happy with it. Its very simple. The low setting on the Apollo AP-1 is brighter than my River Rock LED light. I can't comment at all on using it at night yet (obviously). The AP-1 comes with a simple single page photocopied "User's Guide." The operation paragraph mentions only three output settings. Low, medium, high. I seemed to have read right past the update where they decided not to include the S.O.S. and strobe operation features. As someone else mentioned, its much smaller than I realized. In part thats my fault, because the stats are listed on the front page. However, the pictures of the light in someones hands is misleading. That person must have a tiny hand, or the angle is just perfectly deceiving. Not that the size is a bad thing. All that said, I didn't get to play with it much. The battery is dead, and I have yet to purchase a charger for this type of battery. When I first opened it, I got to test it out a bit.... but DID get flustered when it did things I didn't understand. At first, presumably switching settings on me, not remembering previous setting, etc. On occasion it would strobe. But now I think the strobe was a low power warning. The "User guide" doesn't give any information on this. So I will finally be ordering myself a charger, and then I'll be able to test it more thoroughly. Cool, Mike - what do you think of it? Early Bird (black) backer here... just got my Apollo AP-1 in the mail today. Oh and everybody who ordered a batterycharger for 20 dollar like me, We where suckers the mc1 is just 5,95 <url>"Early Bird" mean even less. Received flashlight today. Now I just need to buy a case and batteries for it. Early bird gun grey here, no flashlight here so its random Got my tracking number from CRL today! Early bird, black finish. @ Brendan Sheehan, just because you didn't receive yours yet, does not mean NO lights have been made. Cart before the horse, chicken before the egg and all that........as some have received their lights and are pleased with them means that CRL are making and therefore shipping lights. Go see the photos and read the comments from those who have received their lights.......just in case you didn't see, go check the update page and read the comments there from others I wasn't an early bird, but was one of the first non-early birds. I ordered a gun metal grey light, not a black light. Maybe that's the reason I got it earlier than others. I also backed a few of their past projects. Whatever the reason, I do think it's a great light, and I'm glad I have it. @Robert - were you an Early Bird? I'm still waiting on mine.... "Can CRL create a KS new light" It has yet to be proven that they can make any light at all. Can CRL create a KS new light, say 3000 lumens titanium tactical flashlight in the future since we worked out the bugs for the AP-1? Just something to think about. @Bill Ruch You got me. I backed 25 kickstarter projects for years just to astroturf this one project. Oh wait, that's crazy talk. I normally don't comment because I don't have anything useful to add. But in this case, a hometown company was getting a lot of crap and I decided to put a post up. People stand by the state of Arizona, the Wildcats and local business in this part of the world. @ Brian Fawcett - Thanks for letting me know. Good to hear they got at least two shipped last week. Production is on fire. @ LT Holden. Also check the comments on the update page, you will find others got theirs.......don't know how many though Multiple projects & no real commitment to backers does not bode well. It seems more a case of survival of the company at the expense of customers. Tactical indeed! So looks like they got at least one shipped last week. :) @ Mark. Thanks I have the same set of batteries as Robert Erlick which they work in the Apollo and ZeroHour without any issues. @ Robert Erlick. Many thanks The battery was purchased from Amazon. It is: 3400mAh 18650 PROTECTED Li-ion (Panasonic NCR18650B inside) Orbtronic Batteries - High Performance -Top Button - Dual Protection. Long description, but highly recommended (looks like the actual brand is Orbtronic but it uses Panasonic cells). It fits perfectly, and has plenty of power. @ Robert Erlick. Can you please share the battery details........Panasonic part/model number? Just received my Gunmetal Apollo today. I had my Panasonic battery ready, and have been having fun with the flashlight. First, it's smaller than I thought it would be. That's a good thing because it will fit easier than the Ultrafire it's replacing. Next, it's very easy to adjust the intensities. I played with the switch multiple times and it never failed. The construction is far better than the Chinese Ultrafires, or the many similar brands. It seems as good as the Surefires, but time will tell. Yes, the wait was long (very long), but the delivered product lives up to what was promised. Overall, I'm satisfied. Hopefully all the other flashlights will be delivered soon to the disgruntled masses. Oh, the heat problem only gets bad on the high setting. This happens with all my other flashlights. Thanks Mark, it is part of the package with this type of light I'm afraid, especially when you get to the "High End" lights. I have a small Heider CF1 Super Power light which is very useful as it is small and compact with a pocket clip and is very bright. It can hardly be considered "High End" but after only a few minutes of use it is very hot. After about 15mins it is beyond comfortable and has to be turned off unless you are outside in the winter cold wearing some decent gloves. Unfortunately I am in the desert and the light is considerably hot before I even turn it on...........! Ok, I did receive the Apollo AP-1 flashlight last Friday and had some time to play with it. I do like the construction and look/feel of the flashlight. On the down side, the flash light does get pretty warm and even my wife made a comment about how warm the Apollo gets. My concern with the heat is the flashlight is wasting energy in terms of heat and will diminish how long the flashlight will last before I need to charge it again. The output of the Appollo is not as blue'ish as the Zerohour flashlight. The other concern is the light output is quite wide for my taste and not as coherent as I would like. Still, the wife likes this flash light a bit more since it is not as heavy and big as the Zerohour and does well for her while feeding the feral cats. I can live with the wide throw pattern of the Apollo, but I wish the amount of heat its generates was far less. I have never seen an LED produce this much heat. Anyhow, those are some of my early thoughts. @ Christopher. Great to hear some positive news. Pleas keep us all updated if you find some issues. Brian The thing that drives me crazy is that CRL received $93k more than their goal. And that still didn't motivate them to get things going to meet the deadline. @Bill Ruch I hope Christopher posting all of a sudden on his flashlight was just a coincidence....things aren't looking good though. With interminable delays, the decent thing for CRL to do at this point is to offer refunds, particularly since I'm not likely to get my flashlight until this time in 2015. I've been holding off on buying a flashlight for my EDC kit for a year in anticipation of the Apollo AP-1 I'm in Tucson, and I haven't gotten my flashlight. I'll certainly post when I do... Anyone notice that Christopher below here is also from Tucson Arizona (same as CRL) and the only comment he has ever made on Kickstarter is this one about how the flashlight works? Coincidences abound sometimes! So I guess I must have been one of the first to get my light and I honestly didn't realize that there was so much concern / discussion on Kickstarter until I read today's post and clicked through. I replaced the surefire I kept in my travel backpack with the AP-1 and I've been quite happy with it. So far it works exactly as advertised. It is seriously bright. In fact, even the lowest setting is extremely bright and the highest setting is lighthouse bright. Just after getting it, I was on Easter Island and the electricity went out all over the island. It was raining and the AP-1 lasted for hours on the lowest setting which was more than bright enough. I've never run it down all the way, but got at least 4 hours of use out of it, and that was several weeks after I got it, with the original charge on the battery from when they shipped it. Overall, I'm thrilled with the light. If I didn't have it yet, I guess I'd be a little worried, but it is real, it does work, and it's awesome. Thanx John for the info <url>"s a pretty nice light, that does most everything we were looking for! check it out! You really want to get mad? Do a little homework on what it takes to mask and unmask the threads they're talking about! It pretty debatable if there's any need to keep the threads from being anodized, I have several things that screw up water tight and are anodized the same as everything else. Plus taping withe Teflon or whatever is a really dumb way to do it! And finally, if 2 people sat down at a table and prepped the flashlights the way CRL CLAIMS they have to do it, they could knock out 10 flashlights an hour even if they were totally slow! That's 80 flashlights a day! Shouldn't have taken more than 2 weeks for that process even if they were telling the truth about how they're doing it. Once again I call NS on CRL! From CRL July 16th- “I can assure you that we are working as hard as we can on getting these flashlights finished. We have been working on a new masking technique which we hope will cut the masking and un-masking time in half for the last two weeks. Unfortunately, at the moment we have a lot of bare aluminum flashlight components that are waiting to be anodized due to the issues we are having with anodizing” CRL can complete other projects but don’t seem to have the time to complete this one, I don’t believe they are working hard at all. I see on their website the dice and the Cord Stash that started and have been completed before this one. CRL is the creator and the manufacturing company so it is in house which makes this more frustrating as there is no middle man involved – create and manufacture not create and then find and negotiate a manufacturing place and go back and forth. They have had lots of experience with creating other projects so even when they have to send something out that can’t be done in house they of all should have a streamlined process for it. I nor my family will not back anything affiliated with CRL again. Yep now its waiting for a overpriced outdated flashlight with this speed you wil get your light in 2016 Wow it really has been over a year since backing this thing It's been over a month since the last update. Don't tell me nothing has changed since then? @mark Do a search on projects from Tucson Arizona, then check out how many projects are by "Rix" it was mentioned somewhere that those are his daughters and I doubt they have they're own machine shops. Then go to CRL's web page and see at least 1 other project from Ks being sold there. I also happened to back the Dale Mathis Card project which was featuring RIX dice. Then, as a buyer on Massdrop I saw CRL projects on Massdrop and sled if they were from old campaign and was told they're new. NOW, look at all the dates of these projects and see that most of then were done while the Flashlights were supposed to be done. Then consider how KS doesn't allow you start a new project until you've delivered on your last project and suddenly it makes sense why they're using family embers and calling them "independent" to break those rules! Also, consider I haven't really spent much time looking onto this, I just have a good eye for BS and I'm betting there's plenty of projects I've missed that CRL is doing. Plus the excuses for lateness on the flashlights are completely lame! 1/2 hour of homework on the net will confirm that. what does anodizing do? @Bill Ruch, sorry, my question was not very clear. I was wondering how you are able to determine and investigate all these other projects that CRL is doing. I can't even though how to find that information out. I guess I am asking is since I can be aware of these types of concerns in the future. @Bill Ruch, how are you able to determine all these side projects? I am just curious. I backed ZEROHOUR: Modular Tactical USB Battery Backup Flashlight which I have received and no major issues with the product. Since I am in the area, I was able to meet both of the creators and they are very good people and have great pride in creating a quality product. In the end, they ended up losing money as you can never think of all the little things that will and could go wrong. In the end, I trust them very much and will back their future products to show my support. @EJ I think that would be embarrassing, but I do believe they've cracked a hundred! They could, but they clearly don't want to. They've ignored requests for that data for months now. Last update was a month ago, with only a remark since then that another update wasn't given because nothing has changed. I backed them to support a local company, but right now, my regret level is high. I expected them to do right by their backers, but I don't think they have. Other local projects have really brought pride to the area with their responsiveness and communication. That's not the case here. @CRL can you tell us how many units have been shipped out? Meant sell on your website Soo... The Rix girls are Not " run by or maintained by CRL"? Do your Daughters have their own shops for manufacturing? Do you steel other people products on Your website? Do you think we're all Stupid? @John yeah, but RedPath was just an arrogant person with poor communication skills. In the end he Did deliver a satisfactory product and he only ran ONE KS Project at a time. CRL has multiple projects under has daughters names claiming they're "independent" of CRL. They have, according to their statements on Massdrop made New Batches of old products to sell on Massdrop, they also have "Chuck Smith" and his Cordstash project <url>"begging") is coming to an end - unfortunate for those with great ideas and a desire to deliver. . I'm not saying CRL is not going to eventually deliver the lights - and I suspect that the reason that they are refusing to disclose how many they have shipped is because - as I did months ago - people will do a linear extrapolation and end up somewhere in 2015 at best. . Well, enough rant - and another lesson learned about backing technology projects on K$ Bill - it's sorta like a Redpath isn't it!? :-) If they wanted to put the flashlights out faster they could have easy. Notice there are 4 Rix projects (AKA CRL) also promised to deliver in Dec 2013. Such as this one: <url>✓&term=Rix <url>’s way to find out it was not even close to being ready to send out. March 21st 2014 - “Your flashlight is scheduled to be shipped on Wednesday of next week and will be shipped Via Priority 2-day mail” June 8, 2014 “ This is the first production run of a newly designed and engineered product. We have had some isolated and unexpected problems with shipped units but they are being taken care of both on an individual basis and in our production process. We did expect to ship to you earlier but as stated in our updates, we are running into delays”. I can understand some delays but It is now mid July, they have produced many other products so it’s not like a learning curve of trial and error with younger less experienced creators. It’s a flashlight not rocket science, with all the experience Cybernetic has this should have been a walk in the park and completed last year. @ Bill - Well do tell dont keep us all in suspence. Or how much stuff they've made for Massdrop instead of here? Also, now that CRL has caught up on some of their other projects that have come and gone since they did this flashlight they might go back and finish it. Anyone want to know how many names they've run Ks project under since last year? What? You want one more than once a month? They're only 8 months late and they are putting out 25 lights a week or so! Check out the Fenix PD35 it's a good light that does most of what this one promises and probably more than it delivers! Costs about $65 on Amazon. Are we getting an update? XM-L2 lights are also coming out in full force this year, and they weren't exactly non-existent last year either. Your lights are already starting to fall behind some others in terms of efficiency thanks to that. Any chance of a upgrade option to the XM-L2 U2 LED? Now that I look around at other LED flashlights, I'd also like to ask about the runtime for the low setting. For many other XM-L lights with similar runtimes at high and medium, their runtime at low is easily double that of this light. In fact, with a quick calculation, even the high setting is more efficient than the low setting on this light. Is there any reason the efficiency is so low at the low setting? The only reason I can think of is battery self-discharge during use, which shouldn't be anywhere near as large as to affect runtime significantly with the energy required to produce in the region of 20 lumens. Tired for waitng ordered this one delevired today, <url>"time up" for you guys. If you were producing something for the DoD on an urgent basis the war would be over by now. I speak from experience on this point as I held a high position for a British company tasked with developing, demonstrating, and deploying a certain equipment for the first Gulf war.....and yes, we delivered not on time but before time. So, let's just get these things in the mail and we can all enjoy the product we have been waiting for. In the mean time why not stand by your word and show us all that your Shop is not a one machine she'd and start to turn out the Ti units while we are waiting for the parts to arrive from anodizing ? No excuses for the anodizing on the Ti units eh? Of course I backed out while I still could, I could read the writing on the wall where all this was going. And being a big shop should mean the projects come out faster not slower I would think. Frankly my initial reaction to this project was quite positive and I was looking forward to owning one, but as the situation developed and I learned more about how you all operate I rely lied to and could tell I was likely to get cheated. As for the other things I mentioned, however you mince it, they're still true! Here s a few things you all should know about CRL and why the flashlights are so late. There are many projects that have been started, finished and delivered since the flashlight campaign. CRL uses at least 4 different names (family members) to get around Kickstarter's rules about starting new projects before they deliver the last project. They have also put KS projects such as the Rix dice on hold and made those backers wait while they made dice for Other KS projects. You may not be aware of this, so I'm going to show you, it's not a personal issue with CRL , cybernetics, Rix or any of the names that company goes by. It's about ethics. Here is a partial list of the names CRL uses on Kickstarter to circumvent the rules: <url>✓&term=Rix That's 2 daughters and 4 projects, all delivered late, CRL's current project that's 9 months late so far, (CRL is owned by the Rix family, they are Not independent except in the legal sense to avoid lawsuits) <url>~1200 lumen, ~100m IPX-8 $100 vs $105 ($89 earlybird) You might want to brush up on your math skills. Should have just gotten one of those..... <url># 1: You say the issues are out of your control, yet your own part list from update # 25 shows this to be false. The limitation as of the last update is clearly the heatsink pills, not many (12), but it is the current limiting factor and has no outside process involved. Concern #2: In previous updates, you indicated that an anodizing lot is ~50 and takes 5 working days to complete. With nearly a 5 week gap between production updates, I would have expected more than a single lot to be processed. Why was only one lot processed in this timeframe? Concern #3: You are having the same issues you have been having since the start the better part of 6 months on. What are your plans to resolve them? Concern #4: What issues kept you from providing production updates on the timeline you promised in update #24? Providing solid answers to these concerns would do a lot of good. Waving a fig leaf of "Not our fault" does NOT comfort your backers. Clear, honest communication in a timely fashion is necessary, and even more so when you are 8 months behind your estimated delivery date. Early bird here, seen nothing yet I just double checked my numbers, and it seems production numbers are FALLING based on the number of completed parts (83 in 83 days at the first update, 120 in 122 days at the second update). Unfortunately as CRL consistently refuses to list the number of actual shipped units, these numbers are extrapolations based on their parts lists. For something already this far behind schedule, that is a very bad sign. I for one would appreciate some actual answers on the issues slowing this project instead of side-stepping and cheery propaganda followed by weeks of silence. That is a very good question, timely updates would be nice too. You got to love the fact that he avoids the hard questions. WHEN WILL BACKERS GET THERE FLASHLIGHTS ????? Almost now one year and till now I did not get my perk from you why you are very slow please ship it ASAP. Thanks Almost now one year and till now I did not get my perk from you why you are very slow please ship it ASAP. Thanks Just checking back in, the tightening fix worked, and now I can use both protected and non-protected 18650 batteries just fine from 65mm to 70mm. At the current rate (120 lights in 122 days at best since you don't list shipped units) the last light should be complete sometime around October 18, 2016. I understand delays happen, but the continuing lack of progress and huge delays in communication are extremely disconcerting. I also note that whoever updates kickstarter under your account had plenty of time last week to send an update to previous backers to buy more nano caches before bothering to send an almost 3 week late production update. Perhaps a re-evaluation of your communication priorities is in order? @CRL, on April 10 you stated that you were increasing production rates and expected all early birds to be delivered by May. Seems like that won't happen. Your updates don't show totals built or shipped, but it can't be higher than 120 due to the heat sinks (only 37 more than the max of five weeks prior that was limited by heads and lens caps). Would you please add the total number of completed/shipped items to your list? Thanks. Also, and sorry for sounding harsh, but it's hard to believe any schedule that you state because you won't even communicate when you say you will - it took five weeks to provide an update that you claimed would be in two weeks, and that just requires posting a picture of a spreadsheet. So if I understand this correctly. You can't buy a 65mm protected 18650 battery from any supplier. You can buy unprotected 18650 batteries that are 65mm long. Protected 18650 batteries are 68-70mm long. Some torches that have already shipped have a problem with the protected batteries that are in them. Since this issue has been identified and resolved, there won't be an issue for torches leaving the factory with batteries that are 70mm long. Torches that have these issues can be fixed by their owners by 'tightening some components' by following a video that has been produced. I'm happy to wait for my torch to arrive as I've been waiting to buy a protected 18650 battery that wouldn't cause me issues with it. I think I can now buy a protected 18650 battery at 68-70 mm long, safe in the knowledge that my torch hasn't left the factory and the problem has now been fixed. Is that about right? :) I think we need to remember that this is a brand new torch, built from scratch, and nothing goes smoothly........no matter how much you want it to. Cheers Dunc Still waiting for my early bird... Which batteries are you actually shipping with the light (for the pledges that include them)? Panasonic 18650B protected or unprotected? That update was rather confusing since you're contradicting the battery specs you've previously outlined. And which charger are you shipping? Also, please respond to my messages. Okay, I read the last update. However, I can't find a protected Panasonic NCR 18650B that measures 65mm in length. I bought Eagtac protected 18650s that are 68mm long, so I hope they will work. Amazon sells the Panasonic NCR 18650B that is 2.6" long (66mm), but it says specifically that this battery does not have a PCB. So, what battery does CRL specifically recommend, and where can I buy it? Guys, any news on the titantium ones? Has anybody had issues with the flashlight not operating properly? I've tried two different sets of batteries (both the recommended specifications) and have yet to get any results other than a meager few seconds of light when I slightly unscrew the back cap. Not sure what could be the issue here. Still waiting. Any word on a production update? The last update said there would be one every 2 weeks... and this Friday will be 5 weeks since that update. It's next week and looking for the production update :) Just got my early bird black flashlight. Looks great! @steven or we where the first to pay ;) Got my gunmetal early bird today (May 7). Pretty nice! When can I expect to actually receive my flashlight? I feel like I have been patient but any idea when these might ship? I just expected it months ago and want to make sure you have the right mailing address for me. Hi, I know you're probably busy so I wanted to make sure my PM or remarks below regarding the cap not screwing all the way down with a battery are addressed. Thanks. @njl - That has nothing to do with the order of the shipping. Early birds should (supposedly) still be shipping first. Creator Cybernetic Research Labs on Apr 11 To all: The production rates can not be extrapolated linearly. We are going faster, and will continue to get more out per week. We anticipate that all of the Early Birds will be complete in May. I definitely understand them not shipping in the order of placed orders... but as Steven said, they have definitely stated that early birds would go out first. @Azaly - Thanks for the suggestions. I would have gone for an Alpha instead, but it's unfortunately a bit over budget for me. At about half the price with similar components, I was happy to give this light a chance. Still hoping it turns out well, though the lack of communication from CRL is a little disconcerting. @all - Early bird here and still no light here either. I'd thought we'd be getting ours first since that was the order in which the surveys were sent out, especially now that they say they have the chargers that they were missing before too. @Ryan - Not to call you out or anything, but it seems that they've always mentioned in their updates that the early birds would be going out first. iirc, their comment about the order of shipping was about the order of backers by date backed only, not by tier. @Jacob & @Mike I was an early bird black flashlight backer and still have not received my light either. No worries though, they mentioned in an earlier comment or update (I don't remember which) that they were not shipping in the order in which orders were placed. So as unusual as it is, early birds don't appear to be first on the list. Wait.... someone in the regular tier received their flashlight before the early birds? I am an early bird and I have yet to receive mine as well. A coworker and I both backed this project. I got in as a gunmetal early bird she got in at the regular pledge level for a gunmetal also. She got her flashlight two weeks ago and I haven't gotten my early bird one yet. Did I get skipped over or something? @Steven: I took a look at Oveready.com and saw that they stock AW 18650 3400 mAh and the newer Xtar VP2. Drop them an email as well. These people at oveready are awesome too! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I do hope that's not the case. I would've happily paid extra to get a more reputable charger. @Azaly - Do you know any good sellers that stock the AW 18650-34 and the Xtar VP1 with decent pricing for international shipping? I would try to buy the batteries from AW him/herself, but he doesn't seem to offer the 3400mAh version for some reason. @Chris Sounds like the cell's protection circuit has been tripped as the cell was discharged to much or too fast. I don't know what brand of charger that CRL provides. Hopefully not crappy Ultrafires or Trustfires or any other XXXXfires, as higher quality chargers are able to revive or resuscitate these deeply-discharged cells by feeding them very low amperage current while charging. Probably at 0.25A at most. My Xtar VP1 are able to do that. Anyway, it could also be for to the cell itself being inherently faulty. We can't know for sure. I'd advice you to contact CRL directly (good luck at that). In the meantime, visit batteryjunction.com or lighthound.com to get replacement cells and/or charger. Look for the AW brand. I'd recommend the AW 3400 mAh 18650. For chargers, Pila or Xtar is reputable. I'm not associated with anyone nor do I receive kickbacks. Just trying to help out. I received my light about a week ago and it worked great. After a few days of light use, the battery died. I charged it on the included charger, and it hasn't turned on since. I've charged the battery three different times, and I haven't been able to get it to turn on. I think maybe my unit is faulty. Is there any recommendation to what I should do or will it be replaced under warranty? Also wanted to add that if you try and overtighten to get it to screw down as much as possible to reduce the gap that the light turns off until you loosen it some. I don't know if this will affect the water seal but notice how far the button/cap screws down on the body without a battery. <url>" I have backed every project by CRL and have never been disappointed and never received a product within 6 months of their estimated delivery date". @Evan, I think the best way would be to send them a direct message using the "Contact me" link in the right-hand menu. My address has changed. How do I change the delivery address for this light? hi please ship my perk ASAP. thanks Hi @CRL how many new shippable units have been completed since your last update? Thanks! @Jacobi - That's the designation Panasonic gave to some of their 18650 models. The B model is just a bit newer and has a slightly different battery chemistry and slightly more energy capacity. Their compatibilities are exactly the same; nothing other than the internal workings of the battery is changed. The model CRL recommended is the B model, in the fully protected form. @Jacobi - CRL probably hasn't answered your questions because they've already told the world what their battery of choice was. (See update #14 bud) @CRL - Hi, guys. You mentioned that you'd post the updated fabrication table every two weeks. Any updates for us? Thanks! CRL must be too busy to answer me I've sent them message but thanks for your input Steven. When I went online to look for a battery there are too many options. I think the diff between a-b is mAh @Jim - Yes, I realise it's a estimated date, but as I said, people were angry to find that CRL wasn't putting their all into the project even though it was so late. Also, even though it's an estimated date, being over 6 months late on it is pushing the boundaries. 'Estimated' means the actual date should be close, it's not just a random date stuck on a project. Also, when I said "forcing your opinion" I may have misworded my thoughts a little. it's more you being passive aggressive towards anyone who feels discontent towards the project's progress. "If you can't afford to lose the money pledged or wait for the reward, don't pledge. The suggestion that these guys are doing something wrong because they have to run a business is ludicrous." You're pretty telling everyone who feels that way "No, you're wrong. If you don't like it, go away. Get off Kickstarter." Calling other people's opinions 'ludicrous' isn't exactly the nicest way to state your opinion either. People should have the right to back a project and expect that they get it within a reasonable time of the 'estimated date', and they should be free to post their opinions here without having it be ridiculed by others. I'm not saying you're not entitled to post your opinion, I'm just saying you should do it without dragging other people who posted theirs down. @Jacobi - no idea what you mean by a or b. Whether the batteries have flat ends or not shouldn't really matter, but if you want the official recommendation, you'll have to wait for CRL's word on the matter. It's their design after all, not ours. @Jim and Steven So you guys can bicker at one another and not bother to help me out? :( why will no one answer my question about the battery? please help ty @Steven - I having trouble understanding how posting an opinion on an open forum where so many have posted theirs is "forcing" my opinion on anyone. I merely have an opposing opinion. One I am fully entitled to have and post. @Steven - The problem that so many backers have with "lateness" is the problem. Kickstarter projects contain so many unknowns at the start that all dates are up for grabs. The pledge areas have an "estimated date" not a "promised date". I don't feel I'm forcing my opinion on other backers because "backers" that think the "estimated date" is a "promised date" should not be backers. If you want a product by a specific date, buy from Amazon. If you are willing to help out a project and wait for the result, pledge on Kickstarter. @Jim - The project is over half a year late and the founders of the project were seemingly not doing everything reasonably in their power to fulfil what they said they would do. Now, I'm not particularly bothered by their lateness, but any backer not content with this situation has every right to complain. Just because you are content with how things are going does not mean everyone else should be. Forcing your opinion on others is far worse than expressing impatience. Also, although I said I'm not really bothered by how late this project is, the excuse "a lot of other projects are late too, it's common on Kickstarter" in no way justifies the lateness of any project. Just because everyone else is doing it in no way make it right. I am constantly amazed at the vehemence of some kickstarter backers. If you can't afford to lose the money pledged or wait for the reward, don't pledge. The suggestion that these guys are doing something wrong because they have to run a business is ludicrous. I have backed every project by CRL and have never been disappointed. so whats recommended 18650a or 18650b and nob(nipple) or not? ty The power cycling memory function shouldn't be so much a problem in practical use as a benefit, also, it would be the driver that needs changing if you want to change the function, not the tailcap. Just pointing it out. Glad you like it though - can't wait to get mine now! :D Tony, thanks so much for the review! It was reassuring to read about the quality, and I also like your suggestions for some possible user-replaceable upgrades/fixes down the road. This is my first CRL project, so I don't have other hardware as a basis - just what I read from you all. Great info, thanks! You know, I would call these Apollo AP-1 high quality prototype flashlights. CRL isn't producing 1000's of them. I now see the tail cap power cycling memory problem, to me, not a big deal. Maybe down the road CRL can fix it by offering Rev.2 tail caps. I'm sure that well known high end flashlight companies have hundreds of people working for them into producing gem flashlights. I think this torch is worth more than I paid, the quality is much better than expected. I received my Apollo flashlight today. The quality is outstanding from end to end. When you put it in your hand the flashlight seems well balanced, weighty, and the knurling part is better than well known China brands that begin with an F. I didn’t have trouble with the tail end cap moving it to the different brightness levels. My only minor quality issue I have, with mine, is that the Cree XML LED that is surfaced mounted is not centered squarely on the PCB. Mine has a 10 degree diagonal shift from center on the PCB/ Heat sink. I don’t believe that this would affect anything, but just want to mention just in case there is another round of Apollo” Ap-2” Kickstarter projects. I just worry about the heat dissipation on high that the LED would be able to sink high heat properly, and not heat up the solder joints. Most flashlights I own never go past low of medium anyway. Surely I would be a backer again. Maybe once everybody gets there’s, I could swap it out at CRL. Or leave it alone, because it has character. Requested a refund and was denied, will be contacting again. 40 lights/month is unacceptable progress. "We anticipate all of the Early Birds will be complete in May." That tells us that it will be at least June by the time all of the early bird tier, which is less than half of all of the backers, will be receiving their rewards more than 8 months after the anticipated date. I'm sorry, but if your shop is experiencing such delays, putting us on the backburner for "other projects that pay the bills" is completely unacceptable. I appreciate the transparency, but would appreciate my money back even more. This user's account has been deleted. Thanks for the info. As a Non-EB I know it will at least be into summer. Thanks for the update. It's disappointing that you can't give priority to your flashlights - would have seemed more honest to have given more realistic estimates and timelines when you pitched this idea, as I'm assuming that level of priority we decided well before you started this Kickstarter. Thanks for the update, but I sure hope the production speeds up, otherwise it will be years getting over 700 flashlights made. So far not even 10% are done? I sent in the survey 2 months ago and thought I would be getting one any time now. So even if that is when production started, that is 40 per month. At that pace, the last one will be finished in about 18 months. That update was very discouraging. Sill no refund or flashlight with charger. My refund request was overlooked and was I told “Your flashlight is scheduled to be shipped on Wednesday of next week and will be shipped Via Priority 2-day mail” this was March 21st so it should have been in the mail the following week on the 26th, two day priority would put it at the 28th or 29th. It’s now April 11th and I don’t have the flashlight with charger nor a refund. @CRL "Our internal Kickstarter projects do not have number one priority in our shop; our regular contract business is scheduled first since that is what pays the bills." I'm sorry, so when 751 generous backers gave you almost $100,000 USD you don't see that as any sort of contract that you have to adhere to? Per the Kickstarter Terms of Use: "Project Creators agree to make a good faith attempt to fulfill each reward by its Estimated Delivery Date." Honestly I don't think you have provided any information to us backers that will lead us to believe you have made a good faith attempt. You even said in your update we are not a high priority for completion. This is despicable business practice. Expect an email from myself asking for a refund. You give Kickstarter a bad name for the way you've conducted yourselves through this project. @CRL Great, thanks for the quick response Hi CRL, I look forward to the update. I'm curious to know why you aren't shipping by backer number? I'm in the early reward teir and within the first 50 to back the product - surely I should be within the first batch of 60? I requested a refund, this was not addressed just that my flashlight is scheduled to be shipped out. To date, I have not gotten a refund nor a flashlight. I really wanted the refund as I asked for but clearly that request was over looked. On, Feb 28, March 5, March 7, March 11, March 18 and March 20. I sent e-mails respectfully asking for a refund. I had gotten no response until --- March 21st. “We apologize for this lack of communication. Your flashlight is scheduled to be shipped on Wednesday of next week and will be shipped Via Priority 2-day mail. @CRL in the interest of transparency, Exactly how many Kickstarter projects are you producing parts or products for and exactly how many of them are run under the names of members of your family and/or friends or partners? Be Honest, I can find out if I have to dig! @CRL Thank you for the response. I do have to apologize, I phrased my question poorly. I didn't mean to insinuate that the money was spent on something else. What I meant to say was more along the lines of Steven's sentiments, that 90k should at least give us some priority. <url>"Our internal Kickstarter projects do not have number one priority in our shop; our regular contract business is scheduled first since that is what pays the bills." I understand that you have other contracts and that they may be your primary source of income, but if you're going to start a project and have us invest in it, you should at least treat us like any other of your contractees. That means you should either put this on the same priority as your regular contracts, or at least tell us in the beginning that the project completion date will be dependent on any other contracts you take up. Yeah, I'm guilty of a little trolling here, but I can't help but express my frustrations at the $200 I almost spent on these flashlights and the difference between the impression you gave us compared to the truth of why their late. I actually only came back here to see if they were up for sale on your site yet and buy one if the reviews were good. Then I got pretty annoyed at what I found out here and elsewhere about how you use KS to help run your business and make money and then drag your feet and put the KS backers low on your priority list. I felt that the other backers have a right to know what's really going on, Brad warned me and I still backed you and helped promote, I also feel a responsibility to anyone who may have backed this project that was influenced by my large number of positive comments. Also, Quoting you verbatim is not taking sentences out of context! What your doing is wrong and it's a shame KS allows it, this is exactly the sort of thing that makes people stop trusting kickstarter and that denies other people their chance to succeed in their projects. And that's really all I have to say about it. If you feel like what your doing is OK then keep doing it until KS catches on and tells you to stop. Yeah I'm a little confused. I understand business has to be prioritized, but what bills did our ninety thousand dollars pay? The setbacks and improvements made don't really explain all the delays. Sounds like you should be very proud of your daughters, but I seriously doubt that they have their own machine shops! I'll bet their projects get finished before the flashlights. This is the sort of thing that makes Kickstarter look bad and makes people stop pledging for projects on KS! CRL's own words from their update, did they tell us this Before we paid our money? No! "Our internal Kickstarter projects do not have number one priority in our shop; our regular contract business is scheduled first since that is what pays the bills." So there it is, the flashlights are just plain low on the priority list! A delay on a heavily overfunded project is acceptable and in fact we should know by now that's going to happen. Taking our money and then putting us towards the bottom of the job list is unacceptable and if we as backers don't keep each other informed, who will? Creators, Please inform us all who are waiting for their tourch... howmany of the "751" have been shipped. Please give us some statistics / dates / numbers. Dot leave us in the dark. And above all when will my tourch be shipped Regards devries Netherlands On, Feb 28, March 5, March 7, March 11, March 18 and March 20. I sent e-mails respectfully asking for a refund. I had gotten no response until --- March 21st. “We apologize for this lack of communication. Your flashlight is scheduled to be shipped on Wednesday of next week and will be shipped Via Priority 2-day mail. . I'm commenting here because this is Exactly why I asked for a refund, I saw this Coming. As anyone can tell I very enthusiastically comment and support good projects, which so far is about 9 out of 10 that despite despite delays, were honest and had good communications. II don't like to see Andy projects on KS, it makes everyone unhappy and hurts us all one way or the other as well as the crowd funding concept itself. When you have are project and are still making things for others instead of completing this project that's not right. And, if I'm not mistaken aren't 2 of the other you contract for your daughters? Wouldn't that just be a way of getting around the KS rules about not starting another project before you've delivered on the last one? Correct me if I'm wrong, but really. I think the Backers have the right to know the truth of what's going on! Are you using family members to run concurrent projects? Which is against KS rules? Plus they're making parts for other KS projects, (this I know to be fact) we'll see the flashlights when other, more important projects are finished. Here's a website that sells only Rix products, they're all there! <url>"trying" to get 40 per week. They haven't told us how many have been shipped. It seems that only a handful of people have received any form of product. The gunmetal grey lights seem to be on the backburner, as I would assume are the titanium units. This seems to be a Kickstarter trend - specialized items usually go out either first or last. a couple of questions how many lights are being made how many have been shipped so far has anyone received a gunmetal gray light yet? :) CRL, Appreciate the update, but can you clarify a bit more. 40+ a week starting when? I'm in the first early birds (I think there was 200), so if my math is correct I should have received mine a while ago. Your last update of Gun Metal was three weeks ago ... so that should be 120 flashlights shipped. All we are all asking for is a proper update. If you are only getting one produced a week then tell us. Regards. Thank you for the update! Doesn't look good for me as backer #595 then, I suppose ... @Shane thank you for the pics. Looks like a quality product. Another day, another lack of information from a Kickstarter project. Did they ever say that they would ship according to backer numbers? @Steve P - wow, I'm backer #49 and I was wondering why I haven't seen my flashlight yet, but you're comment suggests that less than 25 lights have shipped!! :( Hi guys, I'm backer #25, do you have an ETA on when you expect to ship to me? Thanks. Well sheriff, I think you should issue a warrant and a BOLO for these guys! Azaly and Shane - thanks! Great to see the flashlight and hear good news about the flashlight remembering the setting. That was one reason that I liked this design. My other flashlights with multiple settings have no memory at all, and clicking through all of the settings to the one that I want every time is a bit cumbersome. I was disappointed to read that this design was pretty much the same, so it's great to see (at least, I'm assuming this from the posts) that it works like I thought it would! @CRL - I post rarely, but I check this site pretty much everyday. I'd be surprised if at least some other folks aren't the same. Please share more status of the build with us. Whether you think it's good, bad, or ugly - please just let us know. I expect that this isn't your only contract, but with this level of funding, I think that you should share more with us. Thank you. So... I'm going camping for Easter... was really hoping to have this torch by then.... I hope you have more being shipped soon! Another weeks goes by, still no idea what the status of this project is. @Shane Thank you! That's exactly what I was hoping for. It looks like the the knurling was done well. I was curious because my tactical pen has a few ugly spots. @Azaly - Dude, lifesaving advice! I feel like a goon for stomping my feet earlier, I'm a UX designer by trade, so I get all up in arms when communication between humans and circuits fail. Thanks for explaining the UX better than CRL's included instructions. @CRL - I'd highly suggest you revisit the instructions you include with your torch and explain the circuitry a little more thoroughly @Levi - For your viewing pleasure <url>"we have sent out flashlights," but really that tells us NOTHING. Did you send out 100? Did you send out 4? Come on, that isn't an update. This is despicable business practice. If you actually cared enough to read through the comments of the backers that gave you their money to make this project a reality for you, then you'd see NO ONE is upset about delays, they're ONLY upset that you seemingly REFUSE to give us any solid information about where the product stands. I'm not asking for you to tell me what hour of what day my torch will be delivered, but to simply give us better, or in most cases, ANY information. Instead of "the next batch of black is at anodizing" you could tell us "300 more have been sent to be anodized! Next batch will be another 300 on this date!" Simple information like this would keep us happy, you out of hot water, and should be easy enough to provide. The fact that you're not makes it appear that even you yourselves don't know, and therefore seemingly are not allocating the money we generously funded you with. I want to know what the hell is up with this tail button? The partial press cycles through the light levels. Fine. Of course full pressing results in toggling to the on state. The next time you turn it on, it resumes the same light level, but even if you full press on the second activation, the *third* time you turn it on it starts the cycling again. The only way for the light level of any given press to be *less* predictable is for it to be completely random. You have to assume that any given time you want to use the torch, you'll have to cycle to the light level you want. Here are the instructions that came with the torch: "The Apollo AP-1 features three, switch-selectable output settings. The custom switch has two modes of operation. Slightly depressing the switch sequentially will cycle the flashlight through each setting (Low, Medium and High). Press the switch until it 'clicks' to select the current light output. The next time the flashlight is activated, it will default to the last setting." What they don't say is that the time after *that*, it resets entirely and you're back to cycling, even if you try to full press. It would have been so trivial to set it up always to return to the previous full-press state the next time it's turned on. But they didn't. It only remembers the previous state exactly once. I never expected them to make an awesome torch. This is their first foray into electronics, much less torches. I backed them to help fund their project. Sadly, they went lights-out on communication and clearly made little effort to think through realistic usage scenarios. This is a first effort, sure, but it's a piss-poor, half-assed first effort. I'll never back CRL again. early bird here... still waiting. Will post when i get a tracking number Again, can you give us any sort of information on what percent of the early bird black flashlights you have sent out? With no other source of information, people go with what is available, people saying they got it. This is VERY easy problem to fix, just give people an official source of information about the status of the project. Please give us a real update after two months! I'd much rather be told that things are taking longer than expected and you've only shipped out 2 flashlights than be left in limbo for another two months of "shipping soon." I do think this is a good product and was looking forward to it. I do understand delays as I have been waiting almost a year for another project and I am ok with that because of the great communications on their end. I am just unhappy with the lack of response to my e-mails and I no longer need this as I purchased something else after the extended delay, therefore I asked for a refund. I am really not trying to be mean. At first I just asked for an update, I got no response. I few weeks later I sent another e-mail and no response. I understand delays but lack of communication is a pet peeve of mine. I have e-mailed several times now and have yet to get a response. I want a refund and yet still no response at all from these people this is crazy. I have been e-mailing since Feb 22 and not receiving any kind of response is just bad business. Flashlight. Can Not Wait. So Excite. Such Anticipation. Wow. @Cybernetic - You have yet to return any of my e-mail messages. I have been very nice and respectful in them. To no resound at all unacceptable. I know that the project turned out to be much more successful than anticipated (nearly $100,00 compared to a $5,000 funding goal) but an announcement was made on January 17th saying that lights had already been sent out. Here it is two months later and still it seems that many EARLY BIRD backers have not yet received their lights, let alone normal backers like myself. What is going on? @CRL keeps promising us shipping dates soon, or that it has already begun, but come on what's the holdup? Your communication has completely disintegrated, your loyal backers that made this product a reality are clearly upset and want to know what's going on and you're not giving us anything but a run-around. We backed this project because we had faith in the product AND the company, not just one or the other, but right now both are falling through. I can say that I'm not sure what to expect anymore. Obviously I've come to learn that initial shipping dates can be pushed back but when 300 early bird backers can't receive their rewards in over two months I tend to fear the worst. I'd like to know what the holdup is, or what our capital was invested in, if not for the lights that we were promised. Early Bird backer here, I so can understand delays but the lack of communications is not good. I sent my first e-mail on Feb 22 in regards to getting a refund on this. I have since sent 4 additional e-mails and have yet to hear boo from them. Also, I don't know if these has been asked before, but: 1. What color bin is the XML-U2 LED used in the Apollo? 2. Why weren't the newer XML2 LEDs from CREE used instead of the XML? Just asking these out of curiousity, but would be very grateful to have them answered. I think I remember a few people commenting on here that they got theirs quite early on, so there's no doubt they started shipping out units ages ago. It's quite probable that they've been delayed by production and/or quality control problems since then, which would explain the sudden change from people reporting that they received their lights to afaik nobody reporting such for over a month. Seeing how this is their first electronic product they've introduced here and by far their most complex design so far, it wasn't unexpected for them to run into so many problems. I do however agree the lack of communication has been unsettling and has, sadly, destroyed much of the creator-backer trust that they have seemed to built up through their previous well managed projects. The shipping of early bird lights seems odd to me. There is only 300 early bird backers? 100 without batteries and 200 with batteries. If you go back and count the days since we were told they started shipping they average shipping less than four a day if not everyone has received their unit yet. Or, less than six a day if it is assumed no units shipped on Saturday and Sunday. I am in the early bird group. But, I feel sympathy for the other 418 backers if they continue to ship less than 6 units a day. Since I still no not have might light it might be less than 6 units a day. I really don't mind the delay. I really dislike the feeling of being mislead that the units started shipping over two months ago. I agree that communication is valuable, and I do wish that CRL would be more frequent in their messages about status considering how far behind the project is. I understand that things happen and schedules slip, and I suspect that most folks here do. The slip doesn't really bother me - the lack of communication kind of does. News about slips should, IMO, be conveyed early on. After all, bad news isn't like wine...it doesn't get better with time. That, and slips aren't necessarily "bad" news if CRL is increasing quality or the product. I just wish that they'd inform the 751 backers about their plans more often and telling as after the fact about a slip less often. Ah i i saw that email but i didn't read it because i wasn't interested in the scale. This was another monumentally bad decision by CRL though. They should have sent this out in an update to the kickstarter project. I also don't have much faith left in me at this point so i'm not sure i believe that they've shipped a significant number of flashlights of any color. I believe if this was the case, someone would have said something saying they got theirs. Hopefully i'm wrong though. I appreciate that to make a quality product, assembly and testing is time consuming, but you need to tell people this instead of leaving them in limbo for two months wondering what is going on! That is all they had to do "Hey guys, this is taking longer than we thought and we're only making 2 flashlights a week" would have bought a lot of good will. The email was a marketing email that CRL sent out about that iPhone scale project. I almost missed the blurb about the Apollo that was at the end of it, and I suspected others would probably just delete the email without reading it, so copied it here. It's definitely odd that they didn't put it out as a proper separate update, as it answers questions that I had about my early bird order. Yeah... i got no email either so you'll forgive me if take some mystery email someone supposedly received with a grain of salt. And yes, i'd say that no communication is by definition less than stellar. CRL has stopped even bothering to respond to people asking about the status of the project now it seems. At least early on we would get a "Soon" when we asked what was going on, even if it didn't help. So there is a separate email update that goes out to some backers (I didn't get it). I don't understand that. Why wouldn't they put that information in an update? Thanks for the update Stephen! This user's account has been deleted. I'll say this that the communications between CRL and the Apollo backers have been less than stellar, but hopefully they learned the lessons here and will set future expectations accordingly. Probably lots of behind-the-scenes delays have impacted this project, more than publicly acknowledged? I'll get my black early bird light, just like I got all the other CRL projects I've backed, from the caches to the whistle to the pen. No worries here about that. Oops. left out the last part... "The assembly and testing of this product is time consuming, but we would rather ensure quality over speed of fulfillment. Never less, products are shipping and we are doing our best to get these lights out in a timely manor. Thank you for you patience and understanding!" This was posted in a group email sent by CRL today: Apollo Flashlight production is fully underway. The gunmetal grey lights came back last week and the first early bird gunmetal grey lights were sent out late last week early this week! The next batch of early bird lights will again be black. Not all early bird Black and Grey lights have been sent out yet, so if you have not received your yet do not fret, we probably haven't gotten to your order yet. Shipping will continue of early bird lights this week and the next. Please update on Black flash lights and also shipping of early bird orders that supposedly commenced shipping 8 weeks ago. The last update was confusing to me. Did all the black early bird flashlights go out? It sounds like they did since you've moved on to the grays. If so, I never received mine or a tracking number. Two months and still no update on the status of early bird black flashlights. Can anyone actually confirm they got theirs? It seems unlikely that it has been a two months with only a couple flashlights shipped unless CRL is hand delivering each one personally. Where are the black flashlights then? @CRL guys, when are you guys scheduled to do the titanium ones? Looks like they have logged in March 7th but no updates yet. I have sent 7 e-mails since Feb 28 and have no response yet. Was an early bird backer for a black flashlight and charger. Filled out my survey on 11/14/2013. Black early bird lights started to arrive to backers, based on comments in this project, as early as January 18th. I'm confused as to how it hasn't arrived yet. There were only 300 early birds total right? @CRL. A nice compromise for the delayed production - post pics or video of the physical products (not one but many) so we can see where things stand in the process. I'm a native Tucsonan which is why I backed this project. And the lights looked almost "too good to be true" which made me want to invest. Investors for anything in this world deserve frequent communications. Especially the hundreds who have given you money to see their return on investment in a timely manner. If pics or video don't get posted, I'll ask a family member who is Detective with TPD to stop by anytime to check it out. Police love flashlights so I'm sure this would be great publicity for your company. I'll post again after to update the investors on progress and details as well as photos. It's dark here Completed the questions you sent me over a month ago and not heard anything has it been shipped? We all understand that Donald, but CRL has provided little to no information since saying shipping was starting. My personal belief based on the information available is that one of two scenarios are taking place: 1) They stated they were starting to ship way too early. This made their backers antsy and expecting certain things that CRL was not ready to provide. Potentially also they are still making the flashlights (even the black early bird ones) and it is taking longer than expected so the holdup isn't the shipping but the actual manufacturing. They don't want to give an honest update for fear of upsetting people. 2) There was as MAJOR setback, much worse than the air compressor update. The lack of updates is potentially due to not wanting to let backers know while they work behind the scenes to fix it. Obviously these are just wild guesses based on very little information, but that is the problem, we don't have any idea what is going on except that we aren't seeing anyone reporting that they got their flashlight. In the event one of my two guesses are actually true, and i'm not saying they are, I hope CRL will just come clean. Putting it off will not make things better, the opposite actually. Many projects are late, kickstarter users mostly expect this by now, but they also expect some degree of transparency. @ CRL-Just to break the monotony, I am just as anxious to receive my light as every other backer. But I understand the need to ensure every light is tested and quality is ensured. I trust that you all over there are working hard to ship asap. That being said, I do agree that the more updates you can give, the more it would keep backers happy.I look forward to seeing the finished product. Here's how a project *should* be updated: <url>"Early Bird" from the first 100 and have seen nothing. Since there were only 100, and you said on February 6 that you were shipping the black units, and it is now a month later, something does not compute. You have all my correct info. @CRL - Any updates on the "Early Bird" gun-metal lights? How's those Gray flashlights coming? This user's account has been deleted. Hi CRL, Can you please let me know where you are at with the Early Bird black flashlights? I'm in Australia, so expected some delay - I'd just like a target date so I know roughly when to expect a delivery. Thanks, Dan Could we get some kind of idea on how many of the early bird black flashlights you have shipped out please? It was nice that we got an actual real update of some sort semi recently, but it seems somewhat strange that it has been around a month and a half since you stated that shipping started and only a couple people that i saw stated that they got their flashlight. Obviously in my experience the majority of people don't say anything after getting their item, but still the number of responses seems MUCH lower than i'd expect based on previous kickstarter projects. @CRL, that sounds like a great idea for the tour! Patiently waiting for my light. Thank-you for taking time to get it right :) Just wondering, are there going to be any more tests done? For example, impact resistance. Also, what's the colour temp of the light? @CRL Thanks for the update and the new ETA. Glad to know you're so close to the finish line. I hope it runs smoothly. Will the hand stripping of the anodized surface inside the head have any side effects, for example, loss of water-tightness or a reduction of ability to withstand pressure underwater? Or is it just the case that it won't look as nice when we open it up? *NOTE When I say "not giving a damn about explaining why" I was referring to personal communications between CRL and myself when I asked for and update on why they had gone so far past the ~2 week ETA. Their only response was "apparently you have missed our public statement about the gray flashlights." Todays latest update was much more forthcoming and descriptive, but still lacks any new ETA. Now that CRL has explained the situation, we need that new ETA I spoke of so we aren't left figuring it out ourselves. Then if it passes, it passes and we start the cycle over again of apology --> explanation --> new ETA. Easy. Acceptable and professional. I'm one of those "some of our backers take these dates as promises" guys. @CRL In your own words on on Jan 16, 2014, "It will be aprox. 2 weeks until we send out the first gun metal flashlights." I didn't take the 2 week approximate as a promise, I took it as an sign that you are close to fulfillment. I'm not angry by the delay as much as I'm angry about the total lack of proper communication to us your backers. We the 751 backers that made this project a reality didn't buy a product from a shop, it's true. What we DID invest into was a journey that we believed in, the product just happens to be the final step of that journey. There is nothing wrong with missed ETAs. There IS something fundamentally wrong with passing ETAs and not giving a damn about explaining why. We've given you are money. We trust your judgement as the professional. By not giving us a new ETA you leave us to try and figure out the ETA on our own. Would you rather have control of ETAs or leave us, your backers, to speculate on them? If you give us a new ETA we won't take it as a promised date of fulfillment, but and honest/transparent ETA from the professionals. If it too passes, it passes, we love updates on our journey together... @CRL On January 22, you told me, "No gray units have been sent yet. They are currently out for anodizing." Emphasis on "currently". A month ago. Are you telling us that it takes this long to anodize such a small number of pieces? Or are you telling us that it takes you this long to assemble them after you get them back? Or are you telling us that it takes you this long to package and ship them? The *first* gray is going to ship in "about" two weeks? An air compressor can take down your whole shop? What does an air compressor have to do with assembly and testing of flashlights that can't be done by hand? Not one thing you have told us about delivery has turned out to be true. What have you been doing with our money? Did you spend it on something else? Did it pay for completion of the pen? Did it pay for something unrelated to Kickstarter? Why do you continue to refuse to account for yourselves? Why do you continue to evade questions and make vague statements? Do you have any notion of the degree to which you have engaged in false representation? Hi, CRL. Any estimate of when the local tour will be? I know that you have to get all of the products/updates done before then. Just curious - thanks. Yes, would love to hear on the earlybird gunmetal grey. Yup update About gun grey earlybirds please I agree, a meaningful update indicating progress of shipping would be desired by most backers. A month on and supposedly still only shipping Black lights from the early bird tire? It would be nice to get any kind of details at this point. By now it seems like a weekly routine for me to come here trying to find out what is going on (and not finding out). Would it be possible to do weekly updates? Just something like "shipped X flashlights this week" or "20% done with Early bird backers" or even "facility lost power, production delayed one week" would go a long way and probably stop many of the people asking for status updates all of the time. @CRL - Updates to the Early Bird Gunmetal folks would be much appreciated. Got my 125$ survey and completed it. Looking forward to play with the flash! Hi, I'm normally one to wait and see but after you sent the message that all surveys had been sent...well I never got one! Was one of the early bird 200 backers. Just an update for other backers who may be wondering where others stand in terms of receiving their light. I ordered a black light as an early bird and received a reply from CRL the other day saying that they will likely get to shipping mine soon and will send tracking information when they do. So don't panic, they are not done shipping black early bird lights yet. Just got my survey. I was in the $125 bracket. No answers to my PMs and nothing here in the comments shedding light on when we'll get our gun grey torches. I was told 1 month ago that the grays would be done in two weeks. Still haven't heard anything about when they will be done or any update on how much longer it's going to take... Engineers/mechanics are the worst communicators! How far off are titanium lights? I still have not received survey card yet.Please let me know have any problem? Do you have a general estimate on when the shipping of early birds will be complete? While i'm glad that they will be shipping "soon," it would be nice to have a little more specific time frame, even if it is just a general guess or to say that it will be 3 months until all of the Early Bird Black Flashlights with chargers are shipped out. Thanks. I think the early bird greys will ship soon so some of us should be getting surveys next week. Any news on the 'other little upgrade' yet, or when grey are shipping? :) wondered if the other upgrade is a paid addition I could add it to my package as I'm international if shipping is still not imminent. I am an early bird backer also and have not received mine yet. That being said you are not alone RedZeroTwo. Watch we will get them today or tomorrow now that we have posted :-) Hello, I was an early bird backer but have not received it yet, just wanted to check had they all been shipped out? Could we please obtain a status update? Thank you. Are these survey cards sent over mail post? Still have not received survey card yet. ???? Still have not received survey card yet. Any more info on where we stand ? @someone I believe so. I have not received a survey yet either. So... surveys... if we haven't received a survey yet, we're likely not yet queued up for shipping of flashlights. Is that assumption correct? Many thanks! Got home tonight from work and guess what was in my mailbox? That's correct. I received my black flashlight in the mail today. It is a marvelous piece of flashlight instrumentation. I have several bright flashlights and this one blows them away in brightness. The wait was worth it. I still have not received my survey. Is this on purpose or I missed something. I still have not received my survey. Is this on purpose or I missed something. whew! I thought you had started to ship all the early birds and I was waiting for a shipping notification, but no grays being shipped yet. Good to know. Thanks! I don't remember filling out a survey on color or shipping did I miss this ? I would expect the aforementioned messages are in part inquiries about the status of shipment surveys. I have yet to receive mine. Can I expect one soon? Any update on this? Are you still shipping units out to early backers? Received light today with battery. Battery is a green colored Japanese made cell. Be sure you remove the battery from the flashlight [if you ordered a unit with a battery] and take out the plastic spacer. Otherwise your light will not turn on. Build quality feels very nice in the hand. Knurling on the body is slightly uneven but nothing to worry about. Light output is approximately equal to my hexbright [~600 lumens] but has a slightly wider field of view. Color of light is a clean white, not much blue apparent. I'm going to top off the charge on the battery and see if I can pick up some more lumens. Ran at full power for ~10 minutes and head got warm but not hot. Body was maybe 5-10 degrees above room temp. I don't think high output will be a problem. Haven't yet tested run-time or checked to see how the voltage regulation functions. Overall this is a nice addition to the flashlight family! Sweet!! The Apollo is arriving today!! Just to clear something up, not everyone may get the other possible update. correct? You stated that one of the updates, if it happens may be provided to the top tier backers only. For those who don't read the comments, the following is their response in the other comments: Cybernetic Research Labs "Our other little "upgrade" it should be called is still in the air, but all early bird lights will go out with all the other improvements stated in the update. The other upgrade we may just sell on our online store and give free ones to our Titanium backers and top tier backers only, because it can be added on at home and does not necessarily need to be assembled in a lab. But there will be more information on it later, as we said, its all in the air right now" @John/@Shane Typically it is because they do the colors in batches. They can't just make a black one, turn around, make a red one...you get the idea. I hadn't really thought of that when I first started Kickstarter...and hit a delay. Fortunately I was able to change to black and avoid the delay. The trick is - if you want a color - figuring out which one will run 1st. Given the latest update it seems no matter what you chose you will get it soon and it will be a quality product. The update implies that some improvements will be added to the light for the later backers...dunno. Take care! @shane - no word on mine, but it's an Early Bird Gun Metal - and unfortunately, my experience marries @trogdor's - special colors seem to delay everyone.... That said, CRL could do a bit better job publicly communicating with their backers... @Shane I learned long ago not to pick special colors on KS projects. Anything other than maybe black or white seems to always take longer no matter what the project. Good luck! I'm one of the earliest backers and I was told mid last week that my order would ship Wed (yesterday). I sent them a message asking for a tracking number as they told me I would receive one if I asked. This was their response: "It will be aprox. 2 weeks until we send out the first gun metal flashlights. I will make sure you are one of the first." So basically I have to wait another 2 weeks to get my torch, even after they told me mine would ship yesterday. They are apparently lying if they say "all early bird lights are assembled and tested", unless I'm the only early bird guy that bought a "gun metal" finish. Very annoyed with the broken promises and lies. Not sure if I'll be backing any more projects by Cybernetic Research Labs. ANY UPDATE FROM Cybernetic Research Labs ? Thank you for sharing that Matthew. I'm curious about the schedule as well, and would like some type of estimate on when the titanium lights will be done. @John T. In the absence of communication from CRL to the project backers as a whole, I'll share a portion of what they sent me in response to the question I sent them last week. I received this on the 10th: "We are fully prepared to ship out our first lights this Monday, but we are holding off until this Wednesday just to get the team back together and go over all final checks. Production on the early bird run is complete, all components are complete, all (early bird run) lights are assembled, and tested. And we are way early on our estimated ship date. We are in good shape my friend." By "get the team back together", they mean after having gone to CES, where they apparently spent a week. I've asked them how it is they consider themselves to be "early", but they have yet to respond. I am a little confused. On the CRL 12/24 post it was stated “Early birds will begin shipping next week!” Today (1/15) I received the ‘Updates from CRLP you do not want to miss’ that stated “Some early bird orders going out today, and continue shipping throughout the week.” I was under the impression the early birds started shipping between 12/30 and 1/3. Are the early birds just shipping now? If so, will all of the early birds ship this week? Thank you, soOoo, it would seem I spoke too soon. I just got an email with a tracking number! I wouldn't be worried. Annoyed? Yeah, annoyed by the radio silence an the tease that shipping would commence a week ago. but not worried. I have not recieved anything... Getting worried as well. Early Bird backer here - is it time to get worried that I've not received my light? @Cybernetic It's been a few weeks. What's going on? Shipping yet? do you have any news on the flashlight delivery time? I didn't receive an tracking information so I'm a bit worried. I'd like to know shipping status as well. I filled out an early backer survey weeks ago and have still not seen my torch. Any updates guys? By way of follow-up, did any of the torches ship before the end of 2013? Also, what is a realistically achievable schedule for general delivery? @Matthew Peck I expect communication, as do you. Hey guys, it would be great to get some kind of update. Would love to hear the progress, good or bad. All the best for 2014! @Mathew Peck. I agree, patience is virtue and anything that is any good must be worth waiting for. However, I do have an issue with the whistles we backed earlier on. I have used my whistle in earnest a couple of times and I do not seem to get anyone's attention.......only sore eardrums. I don't know if its the people I am working with (don't go there) but they just seem to hear the whistle......thoughts. Maybe I will get someone else to blow the whistle and I will listen at a distance. Let you know the result soon. @Mark Moulton Kickstarter is not a store. It's not even Etsy. You didn't make a purchase, you backed a project. The project creators gave an estimated delivery date, and, as happens with most projects in this world, including on Kickstarter, that estimate was missed. CRL has run three previous Kickstarter projects, and each time has delivered excellent results. It seems clear this project will end up delivering 3-4 months past the estimate, which is disappointing, but should not be particularly surprising to anyone who paid half a moment's attention to what Kickstarter is before backing projects through it. While I could wish they were more communicative on this project (*ahem* CRL?), I have no concerns regarding the eventual (and imminent) success of the effort. Again, this is not a store. This is Kickstarter. I was expecting my AP-1 tactical flashlight in October but I received nothing. I was planning on giving this as a gift. Disappointed Mark Moulton 231288 7745 Is this brighter than the "ZEROHOUR" flashlight that is on campaign here? Will any of the torches ship before the end of the year? More interested in realistic assessment than hopeful possibility. I think they forgot to provide an update about the charger also. Any charger that can charge 18650 batteries should do though. I assume electronics or hardware stores in the US should have them stocked. Can I please add funds for a charger? I can't find the update on what sort of charger this is. Can anyone help? Hi guys. I hope you had a good Thanksgiving. I was hoping you could give us an update on the latest progress when you get caught up and also advise when the surveys would be expected for each Tier. I personally am the second early bird tier but I think all backers would appreciate the info. Thanks and have a great productive week. Deep water testing was reported to have been done a couple weeks ago. How did that go? Seeing how late this project is, it would be nice to help reassure your backers with slightly more frequent updates and some actual responses to comments here Any news on manufacturing? I'm curious to see how the PCB's are assembled. When is an early bird not an early bird... Kickstarter. I think this is the straw that broke my Kickstarter back. Why not the second $99 early bird tier? The survey I mean. Just submitted my survey! Still no survey?? Did the early bird surveys go out? Great and thanks for the update CRL! Hmm... Wonder why I bailed out of this project? I know you're busy working on the pen and that you've had issues on the floor. However, communication on this project has become something of a let-down after my experience with the whistle. I'd like more frequent and consistent communication, even if you don't have any more to share than pictures of your work on the pen. Let us know that you're still working away and, in particular, give us an update on the expected delivery date, since it seems clear it won't be in October. I'm still inclined to back more of your projects, but you'd do yourself a service by touching base with your backers. Any news? By the way, CRL, I really need a competent Creator to design a quality battery holder and start a KS project for it. There's huge demand just for 18650/19670 cells. Powerpax is the only company making battery holders at all decent, and the most exotic cell they make a holder for is CR123. Howzabowtz your next KS is a good battery storage solution? @Azaly Thanks! I'm hoping for a memory function so if you use low it will stay on low untill change the setting. Toggle function for a flashlamp is not best solution from my point of view. We have to wait to see what CRL will give us for answer. @Joakim: Looking at the specs of the light, it will be using a 'tactical'-style 'forward' clicky switch. This means that to activate the light, pressing the button at the tailcap fully will engage the switch - it latches on with an audible "click". Click the switch again to switch the light of. Simple..Click on, click off. However, if you were to press the button lightly without clicking it on (like pressing the shutter button on a camera half-way for auto-focus) the flashlight will still activate until the switch is clicked on fully, or turn off if the button is released. To change modes, lightly 'tap' the switch to advance to the next modes - keep tapping the switch and the light will cycle through its programmed modes each time until you click it fully on to which mode you want to keep the light in. I am not sure if CRL will program the light to include a memory function. This feature is handy to have because if equipped on-board the Apollo, the light will remember which mode you used last. So if you want the light to turn on at a certain mode then just leave the light on at that mode for more than 2 secs. The next time the switch is either tapped or clicked on it will light up at that mode. Personally I would prefer a simple Low (5%) - Med (30%) - Hi (100%) with memory. The Apollo features a clicky switch with five different light functions: low, medium, high, S.O.S, and strobe. How is this five diffrent featurs controlled? Can I control witch function will active when I turn on the flash? Tried to find info about.. Thanks for great and interesting project. @CRL -- Cool. Note that I love the tech stuff but am very interested in the manufacturing details too [good & bad -- it is what it is] Again I went over to the Tactical Pen project to try to infer what is going on with the flashlight. Having said this: I realize that there is still time in Oct. before the estimated delivery date is passed. -=- @CRL - updates are always appreciated! Are you still working on the pens, or have you started the flashlights? How far behind is the flashlight project at this point? Updates on specs are welcome for sure, but how about an update on actual delivery? @CRL on the pens or the Flashlights? @Cybernetic Research Labs Cool - I look forward to the update. I would believe the lathe failure would impact the flashlights far more than a mill failure. Yeah, I'm going for October too and settling for 1/2&1/2 green and blue. We'll just have to see what happens.... @Hammerhand No cord. Opted for the thicker option at the end of Oct. Honestly, not much that is gonna fix that project unless you use it in total darkness. Is what it is... @Jacobi yeah, seems too be! ;-p Am I the only one who wants to know what's going on? I guess since I used to be a contractor I should know that "A week or so" means "OR SO" like, If i said it would take 7 days, but failed to mention that it's 1 day a week for 7 weeks! LOL! Was it the dice that broke the CnCs? Sooo many dice. lol This has become the HAMMERHAND Forum. :) I am pleased to hear you have been busy Guys but could someone let me know if my idea about the lens has been taken on board yet? CRL isn't much into doing updates. @Trogdor Did you get any Gloomi-Cord yet? Did it work? Jumped over to their tactical pen project -- looks like the first Ti pens shipped 6 days ago and they said the AL pens had shipped about a month ago as had the stainless tactical pack. -=- So...to get an update I had to read comments in another project and infer that if the team is still working on pens then they maybe haven't started on the Flashlights. @CRL - come on - hook us up with some info please! I'd love to "love the results" what are they? I'm also interested in ordering a charger to go along with my battery pledge.. I mean, with all the tests you all are performing I would feel best ordering straight from you all. I did a dumb think. Ordered bat charger, but no bat. As with the pens, will there be an opportunity to add stuff at the survey? Meant what Have You Got So Far? What have you for so far? On Sep. 6th you said a week or so for an update, it's been almost 4 weeks, time to let us know what's going on!, if there's a new problem or you've made a mistake, Own it, Don't Hide it! Time To Speak Up And Tell Your Supporters What's Happening! I know, their powers out and they don't have any flashlights yet! I PM'd them a while back and they answered pretty quick so there not dead or anything. They said the test results were looking really good and an update would come when there was a full report. I'm not too worried, even if late, the comments on their previous projects are almost all positive with regards to quality and we All Know over-funded Kickstarts tend to be late! It's alway hard to tell, I personally know a guy with a late project who's working his A**S off and putting out something way above and beyond what he promised and he's just updating barely enough. I pledged the Gloomi Cord project and they update constantly but everyone hates the first batch of their product. My guess is we'll hear something soon and these flashlights will be Awesome, but late. @CRL Don't go "Dark" On Us Now! No news on production? @CRL how's it going guys? Keep us in the Loop! Judging from the comments on the pen project, it looks like they're still working on those... Update Time! Any updates? @CRL How's the production coming along? @CRL for any updates for us? It's starting to get dark earlier!:-) @Bill Hey titanium fans! Thought some of you might like to check this out. <url>"free" 18560" batteries ( which I threw out) and sure enough, on one of them I peeled of the "Ultrafire" label and found a used Chinese battery that had been rewrapped. The lasers were actually pretty good but the batteries and chargers were dangerous. Just for fun I plugged one in on the free charger on some concrete and after a day and a half it melted. I've also had lithium ion RC batteries that were completely unprotected to save weight (helicopter model) and my son plugged one in wrong and it ballooned 3 times it's original size! That's why I'm buying the Apollo with its recommended battery and will only buy known name brand batteries as extras. Also, just to be on the safe side I ALWAYS charge any battery on a flame proof surface where no matter what happens it can't do any damage. That being said, Apollo has earned my trust, that's why I'm buying 2 of them! @Levi, CRL won't want you to do that for safety concerns. But sure, as a last resort you can throw a couple of CR123s in but do not use the high mode of the Apollo for more than 10-sec at a time if you do. Low and Med mode should be fine with CR123 primaries, but take my advice with a pinch of salt, as CRL might be doing some tweaking here and there to boost the Amps to drive the emitter, etc. @Bill, totally agree with you and I always cringe at the thought of folks hoping to save a few bucks by getting cheap Li-Ion cells snd chargers. Even if these cheap cells are protected (with PTC resistor as temperature fuse, and Circuit board for overcharging and/or over-discharging protection) the cells itself are usually retired cells salvaged from old laptops and then re-wrapped to look new. If the cells are cheap, the manufacturer possibly cheap out by using cheaper solders, cheaper components, lower gauge wires, inferior insulation, etc. The adage "you get what you pay for" really applies here. 18650 cells are really for hobbyists and techies. They were intended for laptop manufacturers because the energy density and watt-per-hour Li-Ion cells yield are very phenomenal, as such they can become pipe-bombs with acid vapor. Thus it was never intended for consumer market that has been so used to carbon-zinc and alkaline primary cells, and Ni-Cad & NiMH rechargeable cells in the common format. However I give CRL credit for properly testing the best cells in the market for use in the Apollo, as they intend to introduce Average Joes to high-performance flashlights powered by 18650 cells. It will certainly be a 'major' upgrade for these folks from supermarket plastic dollar lights, 5mm LED crappy showerhead flashlights, and the ubiquitous Maglites. Also, as @Azaly mentioned, batteries Really Can And Do catch on fire! See my earlier posts where I was cautioning/ranting about battery related fires I've seen as a fire restoration contractor. That also applies to modified batteries! I even had a kids cheap plastic toy train that melted and was about to burn and it just had 2 regular AA energizer batteries! Lithium ion batteries (good ones) have built in protection circuits because they are far more volatile! @Levi, Azaly definitely knows more about the tech on flashlights than me, but for my 2 cents this is what I do: I keep a couple high power flashlights like the Apollo around for when I need lots of light for short periods or when things go bump in the night they're a good initial self defense to buy you a couple seconds to do whatever your going to do, (shine it on high in someone's eyes and it'll take them at least 2 to 5 seconds to see properly again.) although, the Apollo will function on a lower setting for quite awhile compared to other flashlights that can put out 900+ lumens, so that makes it pretty unique. Mostly, For "in a pinch" I keep some off the shelf 120 lumens or so little mag lights that run on regular AA batteries and lasts for a long time. If you can get ahold of @Mathew Peck from earlier in this forum he's quite knowledgable about batteries and pretty friendly, I bet he could give some great advice on some of your questions. Seems to me that one flashlight just can't possibly do it all! I must say though, that the Apollo comes pretty close! Thank you Azaly. I was thinking that in a last resort kind of situation, it would be nice to be able to throw a couple cr123's in. That would depend on how hard CRL is gonna drive the emitter. I suppose running 2x CR123 cells in the flashlight in low and medium mode would work in a pinch, but I wouldn't want to run the light on high other than with a protected high-quality 18650. As with any flashlight, you wouldn't want to run the light on high with 2x CR123 primaries if the LED is going to be driven higher than 2 Amps cause that's gonna be too hard on the CR123 primaries - the cells will get too hot and thus increases the chances of having "vigorous venting and/or rapid-dis-assembly" of the cells. (a.k.a. fiery explosion) Can anyone confirm if you could use 2x CR123 batteries in place of an 18650? I know the funding period has ended, but i was wondering if it possible to add more lights to my order? PS I like the choices for each setting, seems like a good trade-off for a brighter high without much sacrifice to low and medium Thanks for the update! So, in english, if I turned the flashlight on low, medium, or high, how long will the battery last on each setting before significantly dimming? Of course I understand that it's a given that switching say from medium to high for 5 minutes would reduce run time left on medium by some multiple. Just looking for the simple answer on each setting:-) How's it coming along! Any runtime updates? It's going to be the dark season soon, I'll be needing those cool flashlights! Sorry posted in wrong project. If this is being moderated please delete my below comment. I just received my parcel. Adelaide, Australia Monday 29 July I will inspect in detail and post an update. CRL Team, why are you not considering CREE XM-L2 a.k.a. U3 bin for the AP-1? I'm very happy with the battery choice NCR18650 from Panasonic with 3400mAH capacity. I'm eager to find out what charger will be included. I really like the specs of the Nitecore i4 and can pick one up for approx $22 inc shipping with a power cord to suite my county (Australia). I hope something similar is included, else do we have the choice to refund the $20 paid for a charger and proceed with buying our own? @George thanks for the info, I will go to amazon if I can't add the charger with this order. @Dennis - if you're not able to add on, you can get the Nitecore i2 from Amazon for a very reasonable price. I second Bill's sentiment. I have backed few of CRL's project. I always found all of their products to be of top notch quality. Is there a way to add the charger to an order already placed? I would like the charger as well. Great Work! PS. I have no doubt the batteries and charges from CRL will be Good Quality! @Mathew Peck thanks for the good info! I personally haven't had an unpleasant introduction to this market, although it is a bit confusing! Unfortunately for some others, in the past as a home insurance remodel contractor I learned from the mistakes of others who lost everything in fires caused by crap batteries and/or chargers. Mostly I just wanted to get a warning out and hopefully save someone from burning down their house trying to save a couple bucks on batteries! "If you build a better mousetrap, the world will beat a path to your door." If you Build a Better Flashlight, they will Beat a Path to your Door Even If It's Dark! First of all, congratulations on reaching the end of your campaign! I look forward to receiving my first CRL product. I am curious though, after you publish your final decision as to what battery you will use with the product, will you tell us what charger you plan to ship to those who added the extra $20? Just want to be well informed, but I'm sure with you all I have nothing to fret about :) Congratulations, CRL! I'm delighted to have backed another of your projects. Boo, just shy of $100k, unless we get $1359 in the last five minutes. Any new videos??? @Bill Ruch Quick follow-up: I would not personally buy any 19670 (again, this is typically referred to as a protected 18650) that didn't have a Panasonic cell. I personally evaluate the Eagletac 19670 as being the best-value such battery for my purposes, which includes many LED flashlights. @Bill Ruch The 18650 battery cell is an unprotected cell. That means there is no circuit preventing over- or under-charge, both of which will damage lithium-ion cells. An 18650 with a protection circuit added is properly identified as a 19670 battery. Unfortunately, complacency and lazy marketing folks have given us an industry in which almost everyone refers to a 19670 battery as a "protected 18650", which more often than not gets truncated to "18650". Enter much confusion. The Apollo AP-1 uses 19670 batteries, but due to the aforementioned industry habit, they use the term "18650" (as everyone in the industry is basically forced to, because consumers are ignorant). This is why I asked CRL for explicit clarification, which they gave. All 19670 batteries are 18650 cells with a protection circuit added. That protection circuit is external to the otherwise complete 18650 cell, which means some sort of packaging needs to be added to affix the protection circuit to the 18650. Essentially, every 19670 is a protection circuit shrink-wrapped to an unprotected 18650, usually with an extended positive terminal plate added. I wouldn't be surprised if someone makes an all-in-one 19670 battery, but I'm not aware of such a thing. The typical consumer rarely if ever deals with any battery that isn't an alkaline AA, AAA, or 9V. At most, they're vaguely aware of the NiCd or Li-ion batteries in their phones, cameras, and cordless power tools. As a result, they just assume that batteries are batteries are batteries, because they've never had a reason to become educated consumers of batteries. Even within the long-normalized world of AA and AAA there are remarkable differences in quality, particularly when it comes to rechargeables (short version: *never, ever, ever* buy Duracell or Energizer rechargeables). The 18650 (and, by extension, 19670) battery is a specialty battery with few consumer uses. It has become far more common as a result of the explosion of the LED flashlight market. It may be that, in the future, you'll be able to pick up a decent-quality 19670 off the shelf of your supermarket. However, today the market is far from normalized, and if you're going to be in the market for a specialty device, you can't expect to get good quality without knowing about it and paying for it. I'm sorry you've had an unpleasant introduction to this market. ONE LAST NOTE OF CAUTION! if your tempted to buy a Cheap Charger Somewhere else Many of them CAN AND WILL CATCH ON FIRE! I'm not Kidding! I used to specialize in rebuilding houses after fires, I've seen at least 3 caused by crummy or damaged battery chargers and just for fun, I left the battery in the charger that came "free" with the laser I mentioned below and after about a day it started melting! STICK WITH A CHARGER HERE OR GET A NAME BRAND AND ALWAYS CHARGE BATTERIES WHERE THEY CAN'T BURN YOUR HOUSE DOWN! (yes, I'm paranoid about fires, but after years in the business, you'd be Amazed at what I've seen catch a house on fire! Got a bottle in your windowsill anywhere? Maybe a crystal hanging where the sun catches it? A cheap AA battery train toy that "makes smoke" $20 bucks is a Great deal on this kind of charger and I'm Sure @Mathew Peck will back me up on all this! I Can't wait for my Appolo flashlights! Every flashlight I've seen that can match the performance mentioned on the last CRL post costs over $300! OR (under $25, something's suspicious there!) RE: Bunk eBay batteries! I I just unwrapped 1 of 2 batteries that came with 2 laser pointers I bought, 1 battery holds a charge and works fine, the other one only lasts 5 minutes and under the "ultra fire" shrink wrap is a battery that is some chines brand! @CRL II was just looking at candlepower forums and realized there a LOT more to batteries than I realized! My RC car charger has a setting that will charge any battery for this flashlight but I'm buying i'm still buying one charger for convenience. BUT, THAT BEING SAID, the temptation will be there for many of us to buy " higher performing" batteries that will soon be on the market! CAN YOU Provide a Spec sheet of some sort so we Don't Burn Up Our New Appollo's trying to boost the run time with whatever batteries are on the market next year that those of us that don't understand all the nuance of cycles, voltage and controlled power delivery? Sounds like the correct future battery will increase run time and the incorrect battery will Slowly DESTROY THE FLASHLIGHT! (Some of us, 'ME, for instance' can never resist the temptation to make a good thing better!) @derek williams I use a Nitecore i4 (<url>"Also, the bezel width was designed specifically to fit some 3rd party flashlight accessories such as colored lenses, diffusers, etc." I have been thinking about this. Do you know where such accessories can be bought? Speaking of chargers, just upped $20 to get one! That's good to hear! Since almost all PCB's have copper I started checking out copper PCB'S which led to second guessing and checking out other flashlights including major brands, and I decided I'm stating here! Glad I'm getting 2 of these! have you decided on what battery or charger you plan on using? wooo!!! Great! Very nice update! @ CRL doesn't the copper PCB come with All the models whether we hit 100k or not? @shane is the copper pcb a dealbreaker? Not trending so well these days. Looks like the copper PCB isn't happening. @ CRL can you just get some cheap PVC sprinkler pipe or aluminum tubing or buy buy a big lot of those crappy $2 flashlights from china and just put the battery In those to ship? There's also large rolls of plastic tubing of various diameters, maybe that would work? Aquarium disrupted ores use a Lot of those, or what about the tubes you get gum balls in? What are the specs for shipping? Cardboard, plastic metal? Thickness? Caps on ends? I've got a few ideas! Call it a "bonus case" :-) I realize that the batter CAN come out, what I would like to know is how the battery gets charged. With all the technical info on the light itself, I have not seen anything that shows how the charger works. So far, all I have seen (and forgive me if I simply missed it) is "Add $20 for a battery charger." I think the picture shows " one O ring for battery compartment" near the bottom of the handle which wield mean the light probably unscrews and the batterie comes out. just commenting because I'm hoping to sew a stretch goal or add on for Extra Batteries! Can you explain the Battery Charger? Is the battery going to need to be removed from the Apollo to be charged? Hi Guys, this is my second CRL project, loved the tactical whistle! are there other possibilities for batteries with bigger capacity? i know this causes issues with shipping, but would it be possible to source 3rd party batteries and still use the same charger etc? Could we get some specs? thanks!! Is my math horrible or are the numbers for the estimated battery life on the medium (280 lumens) setting a little high? If the power consumption scales roughly linearly with the light generated, shouldn't the battery life be around 3 - 4 hours instead of 12 hours? I mean, the low setting seems to scale just about perfectly linearly to the high setting. In fact just changed to one basic black and a titanium. Is someone really questioning the integrity of CRL after several successful projects and the quality of those projects ? Is there much drain from the circuitry on the Li-ion cell when not in use? What can we expect the flashlight to do after having been stored away for a few months, assuming it was fully charged before storage? Awesome, thanks for the update. This is my second CRL 'Tactical' backed project and I commend the approach you take to updates and general communication with your backers. How about a Tactical survival knife/tool project next? Any chance an option for a stretch goal to include colour filters e.g. red/green/blue filters for the front of the torch? Hi, any update on the battery/charger shipping restrictions? I'm in Australia - are you going to be able to ship to me? I realize that I should have pledged EB $99, and not $89, thinking that I would be able to handle the battery. But I was not correct. Am I able to ad $10 to get the battery and $20 to get the charger (thinking of a quantity if 2, so that would be a total of $258, if my math is correct)? Thank you Just backed your guys at the $125 Level and I added the $20 for the charger! Your previous products were excellent and I use them daily. Can't wait to get my hands on this flashlight! Thanks! A case of some sort for protection from drops etc would be a good addition IMHO. I hope there is a stretch goal coming...we are WAY over the initial pledge amount. Let's see a direct bond to copper heatsink :) I like the idea of color filters for a stretch goal too! I also like the idea for a "rig for red" filter cap that was mentioned below. Something that won't melt/won't absorb significant amount of heat for lower settings, not the max output of course... would really help people using this in military/operational settings where white-light is a no-no... Should be pretty cheap to come up with something, I think a decent amount of people would jump on this.... great for night vision preservation. Time for a real stretch goal! Titanium? Colors? Lenses, Caps, Something.... Cool? I am very much looking forward to receiving this flashlight as my duties depend on tools like these. Although I will be deployed next week and will most likely not have Internet access for some time. Is it possible to give you my shipping address now in the event I will not be able to complete the survey? @CRL 54 minutes on high is pretty impressive! Was high still 900+ lumens? Are you to the point yet where you can tell us more about how long it will last on a single charge on medium and if medium is still going to be around 280 lumens? I was also thinking as a stretch goal or additional reward, maybe a Picatinny style rail mount w/ a quick disconnect for mounting to a weapon. Just a thought, as I'm not sure if the current body would allow for such mounting or the device itself it designed for the rigors associated with that type of application in terms of shock/vibration performance. I'm starting to think the Ti route might not be the best avenue, at least in terms of a price increase vs. ideal end-state of the device. I think a price increase that would be adding more Cu to the heatsink design would ultimately benefit us more than a Ti body. Simply because a larger mass of Cu that is directly bonded to the LED, will have better thermal performance. If this can't be done for design reasons, I would also be more interested in a better battery as a justification for a price increase. Not saying the current battery is not going to meet our needs, just laying it out there in terms of things that are really going to make this thing "shine", vice just make it look/sound fancy. I also 2nd the Cu PCB.... @CRL: What Shane probably meant was something like this: <url>"@Sam: Nope, what you do is go through the modes to find the setting you want by putting pressure on the switch, but not making it 'click' then when you find the setting you like you full click and that will make the chosen setting the default setting so that whenever you turn the flashlight on normally it will go to that setting. Hope that makes sense " I could be wrong, but I thought I saw somewhere that on this clicky you can set it to always turn on at whichever setting you choose. Not sure if it's already been discussed, but is there any likelyhood in doing away with the clicky interface where you have to run through the different light settings, is there no other way of doing this you can offer? It's the only part of the flashlight I dislike. I would pledge more for Ti... in for current revison now, maybe just make the heatsink and center core of the body out of Cu to transfer heat to Ti more efficiently. I would assume its hard to go from small Al heatsink to a Ti body... I, Like Shane am MOST interested in the hours and Lumens capabilities of this light! I fully understand we are pledging to fund the CREATION of this capability and I take these numbers as GOALS more than Promises. I am however Hanging On The Edge Of My Seat! Any new news on how soon you'll be able to actually test the light? To be clear, I mean all this in an optimistic and positive way and quite frankly will be satisfied if the light comes even close to the lights/lumens goal! @Karl as an example IMO, I have 2 Leathermans of the same model one titanium and one steel. They are both great but the Titanium seems a little Stronger, lighter, scratch resistant and more cool looking! Does this flashlight have a direct bond to copper heatsink? Is 1hr at 910 lumens & 12 hours at 210 lumens an overoptimistic hope/wish/dream, or is there collected data to prove this? I'd personally like to see more images/videos of the Apollo Ap-1's performance (without pointing it at a highly reflective road sign). Thanks What would be the point of a Ti flashlight? Would it be significantly or even noticeably lighter or stronger or just more expensive? @CRL Just a thought on making extra batteries available: (1st, someone correct me if I'm wrong.) These batteries are Expensive! The ones that sell cheap are usually poor quality and or used! I've bought some on eBay that were actually Re-wrapped with a different name on them! ANYWAY, if there's a problem shipping batteries not in a flashlight, why not just get some .99 cents flashlight the right size and ship them in those! I would love the chance to get a good deal on some quality batteries at the kind of prices you'll get buying in large quantities! @CRL You should have made an update on the Ti edition with a poll instead of on here. Not a lot of backers keep up with the comments. Negative comments are part of every campaign. Not everyone will be satisfied. It's better to try to address them than to zerg them down. Ti would be great, but if it's too expensive to sell enough, the some second choices for me would be: Alternate colors Any quality or function upgrades like better switch types or bulbs, extra lens etc. Although some of those would be too expensive as well. Keep us posted, I can't wait! I like Ti stuff but am price sensitive. Assuming you can heat sink the flashlight properly my upper end would be no more than around $200. I like that you're asking about it though :) add me for the Ti Ti is the right way! I'm down for Ti! put me down for a Ti I love titanium products and have several tools made from the beautiful metal. I will take one no mater the extra cost. Hope it happens. It will make the light special and unique. Ti flashlight would be awesome. I like Ti stuff and would back it. But it would be hard to make and waste a lot of materials and therefore would make it too expensive for most backers. Kill for the Titanium Version. LOL : ) Forgot to mention, I know for a lot of people Tactical=Dark colors, but I'd love to have a bright color so if I drop it when it's turned off I can find it without needing another flashlight:-) If this light does even Most of what it claims it will be Great! I think a Titanium stretch goal would be very cool! Definitely time for some stretch goal and or add ons, I'd also like to see some deal on a extra battery/charger combo, but I understand there's some issue with mailing batteries. Um......just so you know, titanium's thermal conductivity is really poor. It is probably not a good idea, unless you propose a better way of cooling the LED. I would hate to lose my early bird tier. Titanium would be very cool, but it definitely depends on the cost. I am very fond of titanium, depending on the cost. Holy cow. I misspelled "your*." Forgive me all. That's so embarrassing. @Mathew OK, I give, you're right! Sounds like you know a bit about flashlights, what's your opinion on this one compared to others on the market? I've got a few pretty decent flashlights but none that can go as high as 900+ lumens and/or then give a long life at 200+ lumens. Keeping in mind that 1 minute on high is probably equivalent to 1/2 an hour on medium. Let's end the defensive, reflexive bashing of CPF. In point of fact, it is the preeminent forum for discussions of LED torches, and many industry-recognized experts are frequent posters/reviewers on CPF. Whatever people in that thread think about the AP-1, CPF is an excellent resource for information and discussion on torches. I own a number of LED torches, including several of the torches people on CPF would/do recommend. I am a backer of this project, because I am *backing the project*, not buying a product. That I will also get a quality product is icing on the cake. I backed the HexBright for the same reason, and have enjoyed my icing. I look forward to the success of AP-1. At any Rate, I'm buying this light, if it comes even close to its claim of 12 hours at over 200 lumens with a 980 lumen option that doesn't burn up the unit, it's a great light and I see nothing on the market like it! (Well, there is one from china for $4:-) I meant Specks on sites! I can tell you for sure that Cooter and MonkeyBoy, the people at that "candlepower" website are actually more hobbies to who make their own flashlights and it's what I call an "insiders forum" you either go there and seek wisdom from and old-timer Flashightist or your useless. They definitely hate Kickstarter and if you want a laugh, a few of us were mentioned over there specifically. Well, any of is can go do any research we want. The I looked around a bit and did not find other flashlights anywhere near this price range that can do what Apollo says it can do. If you do look, check out the specks on sights that sell flashlights though. You're comments remain even if you withraw your pledge. I like to see more information on projects as well, including those who are against it. I like to see valid arguments either way. I don't even know if I can actually fit this in my budget, but I have 27 days to figure it out (looking for a new job). When it came to the Trakline belt, something a little similar happened. I was made aware of the other options out there, and found out the Trakline WAS the best quality out there. Most of those 3rd party sites are fairly against community funded projects. I once posted in a forum about another project, asking about it and bringing attention to it. I was immediately reprimanded for advertising. It's good to see WHY they don't like something, but it seems odd for a small community to bash so hard and stick so strongly to their big companies. Hi guys, just woke up to find this going not exactly the way I thought it would be. I just re-read my posting and I can understand it gave a different impression than I intended (not exactly a native speaker.. I'm sorry) I just noticed that Mike wondered why someone would leave and I felt I wanted to explain. To be able to comment I had to become a backer again and I thought I had to be clear on how I did that. Personally I like someone to post a different view on a project I back. Sometimes I get carried away by the great project videos. That makes me somewhat of a impulse-pledger. The posting on the cpf site isn't mine, I'm not even a member. Just reading on the forum I found out there already are a lot of great flashlights like this for sale. And I can have it before my camping trip in july. For me (flashlight noob) that was news, and I was glad to find out about it. As far as I know the only way to remove my comment is to withdraw my pledge. So I will do this in a couple of days. I had no intention to start a project bashing here. If I offended anyone I am sorry, next time I won't post at 11 pm ;) @Creator I am asking you to let us know if you play to use any 3rd party sites to help manage your order after the Kickstarter closes [examples: Shopstarter, Backerkit, etc.) How my pledge is handled after the Kickstarter closes has now become part of my pledge process. @Goerge Fair enough, I've just gotten annoyed by people on some projects starting panic without any facts to back it up. @Bill Ruch - I can understand how you feel. Personally, I trust CRL to come through with a quality product, but I've also backed other Kickstarters where I very much wish someone who had a dissenting opinion/research had spent a buck to let everyone know. Would have saved me a ton of grief and not a little cash. Anyway, anyone who actually goes to the CPF thread can easily see that they've got a major anti-kickstarter bias going. I don't think too many people will be dissuaded by them. I'll agree on not going to far on the @calvin bashing, and I support anyone's right to change their mind but pledging a dollar to come back and bag on this project was really uncool. Ok, I think the @Calvin bashing can stop now. The man is allowed to change his mind. PS. I am NOT bagging on Real Survivalists! but the ones I've met spend more time thinking about food and water, and they don't have names like MonkeyBoy! I have a number of flashlights and I'm certainly no expert like Monkey Boy, but I haven't ever seen anything into this price range that can maintain 200+ lumens for 12 hours and still have the option of blasting 980 lumens! Not to mention the fact that you can use it at 45 lumens for a long time while holding your "super bright" capacity in reserve AND it's Waterproof too! I would be skeptical but this company has 4 successful projects under its belt! ALSO, I have done research on other forums for other things and most seem to be run by survivalist wannabes who talk more than they read, and are mostly just looking for people even dumber than themselves who will listen to their Drivel! Not even to mention, Its Just a FlashLight! WHO IN THEIR RIGHT MIND HANGS AROUND IN A FLASHLIGHT FORUM TO TALK ABOUT FLASHLIGHTS IN THEIR SPARE TIME! I think this will be a great all around flashlight, I'm going to buy it, use it, and forget about it when It's not Dark! @Calvin. Hope you've got some matches and a candle! @ Calvin - Hey, if you want to take flashlight advice from people (with very "professional" user names like MonkeyBoy and MountainMan) who have no appreciation of American made high quality products, go ahead, your loss. And they obviously cant read the facts listed on the front page (they probably didn't even look), because most everything on that forum is wrong... sounds like jealousy to me! @Calvin - Pretty uncool, man @Mike Pilcher, it's possible you snagged my pledge. Congrats. You wonder why I left? <url>"Manage your Pledge" button. That will take you to a page where you current pledge is listed. Just add the amount you need to add and continue as you did when you first pledged. Amazon will Email you an update to confirm the change. I've backed two of their previous projects and not only did they deliver as promised, but the quality of the work has become better as time went on. Still hoping for a Titanium version to go with my other Ti CRL products. @ Ellen I can't speak for Apollo, but every Kickstart I've done so far you just click manage your pledge and over-pledge by that amount and towards the end they send a survey to confirm your option. I tend to look at the companies professionalism before I get too deep but this one seems to have created 4 successful projects already and looking at the comments I feel comfortable here. Hope that helps, but I don't think there's any hurry. I'm confused. I order the light without battery, which is fine. But I'd like to order the battery charger? How do I "add" that $20 to my pledge? Will the AP-1 be compatible with Tactical Light Mounts for various weapons platforms, or is this intended to be a handheld light only? Is there any reason you chose the U2 over say the T6 (Which some would say is brighter)? Learned of this project when there were 4 Early Bird's without battery left. I had no idea how much a battery cost so I didn't pledge. After researching the batteries being talked about, I regretted it. I log on just now to find a single early bird w/ battery. Haha. I wonder why they left? Will you supply a CE marked 230V charger for backers in Europe? @CJ SIano and @CRL: 18650 is a confusing designation - to quote one reference: "Most manufactures advertise both bare 18650 cells and protected R19670 batteries as being 18650 batteries for historic reasons. When 18650 cells first came out many years ago, they were only available in the unprotected format so the 18650 size designation was correct. But over time, protection circuits were added to the 18650 cell for safety reasons. Adding the protection circuit increased the size of the resulting battery to 19670. Hence the proper size designation for a protected 18650 cell is 19670. But because these protected batteries were built around the original 18650 cells, most of the suppliers continued to use the older incorrect 18650 designation instead of the newer correct 19670 designation. This has proven to be very confusing to most customers." So I guess a spot of clarification is in order... OK, I looked through my chargers and compared the specs to various 18650 chargers. I'm able to charge 4.2 volts at 1 amp, which seems to be fine as many of the chargers are only 650 ma. My only concern is battery length. I'm seeing various brands from 6.4 cm to 6.7 cm in length. It will be important to know what length you are going to finally spec the light on. The batteries I have now marked 19680 are exactly the same size range and voltage as the 19650, and I wonder if they are just labeled wrong. Batteries and chargers are available on reputable sites for under $10 But be careful as there seem to be a lot of knock-offs. Stick with name brands to be sure. Frankly, I'm going to order my battery from CRL, but I'll use my charger. Basically, I'll let them determine the best battery for their light. A charger is far less critical so long as you can supply enough amperage, it will do the job. Another Stretch Goal Suggestion: A Holster or some kind of clip to secure the Flashlight to a Vest or Belt... ? Wireless Charging would be a verry cool option or Addon. Stretch goal suggestions: 1:certified intrinsically safe 2: extension tube to allow for 2 batteries. (if the flashlight will handle the increased amps or voltage depending on battery direction) Stretch goal suggestions: 1:certified intrinsically safe 2: extension tube to allow for 2 batteries. (if the flashlight will handle the increased amps or voltage depending on battery direction) Just read your newsletter and EB is gone already. Wow not sure if I am going to keep the pledge tho for that cost. Is the bezel made from aluminum or steel? If it's made from aluminum, I'd rather have the option for a plain, (non-threatening) version because I wouldn't be apt to trust it for it's intended purpose in that metal. ;-) @Grant. 18650 battery is quite different than AA or AAA. The battery charger they mention is if you own your own 18650 battery charger. If i understood right, it has a fixed focus. What is the angle, or in other words, how narrow is that spot? Can the light also be used to illuminated a room, or is it just meant for outdoor use for far away objects? @Diane I think it said "Single Cell" so maybe one cell used. As far as I know, 18650 is quite big. Just got the email, and the $99 level was filled. Poo. Got the battery less level--how many li-on batteries will this need? How many batteries does it take? How about alternate screw on crown peices for a streatch goal? Or even name engraving form whatever level pledges on up? stretch goal to include chargers? I have several batteries and chargers. They are type 18680, not 18650. Is that close enough, or not? Titanium would be WAY COOL! You noted earlier: "if you have your own lithium ion battery charger it will work just fine." Does that mean it takes AA or AAA Lithium Ion batteries, and if yes, how many? Thanks. Hmm, 300% Funded this fast? Awesome! I really like good flashlights! Can't wait to get this one! Stretch goals sound pretty good, how about an add-on option for a mini version that takes AAA or AA batteries and has a laser pointer? OK how about some info and pics of the battery and charger thanks. Yes I just did. @Chef and others yall should pledge at the $99 tier and add $20 to get both battery and charger. There's only 23 early birds left. How much to add for the battery? Is the add on charger the only way to charge the battery? For the different modes of the flashlight, do you have to rotate between all of them every time between on and off? Question I pledge for the $89 early bird without battery and it shows add $20 for charger. My question is "add $20 for charge" mean it includes the battery+charger? Thanks Nice product!! Can we get some information about the battery and charger? Question I pledge for the $89 early bird without battery and it shows add $20 for charger. My question is "add $20 for charge" mean it includes the battery+charger? Thanks and also on what Westleys questions: can we order 2 by doubling the pledge? Hey there, thanks to you I finally found my ideal flashlight, a flashlight with at least 200 lumens with an 8 hour run time. Other flashlights in the same class, the Fenix pd32 ultimate edition and the klarus rs11 have somewhat similar specs, but yours blows them away. One question can we order 2 by doubling our pledge?