A lot of people have been asking me why? Why would you do this, what is the point, what will be achieved? But asking that question defeats the object of a project like this, the point is that for a project to break new ground to be truly innovative, the answer to why should never be black and white. A project like this will have consequences in a number of disciplines just like when the internet was developed, the space race began or the light bulb was invented nobody could have predicted where those ideas would take us as a civilization. Regardless of whether this project is funded or not, the pursuit of an idea should not be considered a success or failure as everything we do is part of a journey. On the specifics of the technology, originally I had a much more detailed mechanical and engineering submission; however I was told by a number of people that it would be better to concentrate on the essence of the idea rather than blind people with science; a cursory look through any of the scientific journals over that last five years will provide you with all the technologies I have talked about with multiple options in all areas, and given this is a long term project even the early stage technologies will mature rapidly. And even if Arc island did cost 50 Billion, we could have built four for the cost of going into the Iraq war…. I am a philanthropist myself and there is always more each one of us can do to help the millions of people who are not as fortunate as us; however that should not be used as an argument to try and justify ignoring our human instinct to invent, develop and evolve as a species; if we have nothing to strive for, we have no hope; and that is not very good for the human condition. As for the KickStarter principle, as you will see all the KickStarter awards are achievable and will be delivered upon funding if I did not achieve the stated goals I would refund them; however as I have been very clear in the application this is the beginning of a very long journey into the unknown; I cannot guarantee that Arc Island will exist, I can only tell you that I will use my best endeavors to make it happen, I do not give up easily as my history has shown! All the plans will be open source so it should be contributing to humanity one way or another. Drew thanks for your feedback on the spelling but given I am Dyslexic and proof reading is like the blind leading the blind for me, you will have to forgive me! But if two letters and an apostrophe is enough for you not to enjoy the idea it was probably best you did not jump in! Hey Brad, Thanks for the feedback, I cant change the award text once they are submitted, but to clarify it is 5 sqcm.....as for the phone call that is a lot less than I normally charge for companies wanting to get hold of me ;-) Ben I recall Rishi's Eco Island when I saw this project. Similar project, but taken from two completely different angles. Perhaps a bit of collaboration is in order? :) It's not about lack of passion, it's about the fact that actual adults think they are investing in actual land. This project could never be completed for merely $50,000. I couldn't imagine it completed for $50 million. And regardless, Ben Way is selling land for about $1000 per square foot. I wouldn't buy land on the Moon for $1000 per square foot. Anybody who thinks that there $500 pledge is going to earn them a new life on some magic island is beyond unreasonable. $500 isn't enough to get you a single square foot of land to squat on. And the "passport" is subject to terms and conditions that haven't even been revealed yet. This is ridiculous. michael dude chill out and get some passion in life, this is what is wrong with kids today no imagination. it does not matter if it happens or not it is the pursuit of ideas that changes the world. people who pledge are all adults they can make their own decisions as with everything in life is a risk, otherwise life would be boring. really suggest if you want to do something constructive in your life you stop being so nonconstructive what goes around comes around! Wonderful thing you got going here, Ben. First of all, at 1 square centimeter per dollar, that's 50,000 cm to all backers (not taking into account the $5 and $25 bonuses, but those are minuscule and unpredictable at this point in time). That's about 54 square feet of land. The average American home was 2330 square feet wide in 2004. Even if it was 4 stories high, the veritable outhouse that would be built using $50,000 worth of land would not even be 1/10th of an average American household. Second of all, the phrase "terms and conditions apply" is going to get you into a lot of legal trouble. At $500, considering my previous point, the only real reward is citizenship, and if you subject that to currently unknown terms and conditions, you are going to have tons of people who have basically been cheated out of $500. Third of all, this is perhaps one of the most unprofessional business proposals I've ever seen. Ben Way expects people to donate a sum of $50,000 without even knowing the difference between "your" and "you're." Not only that, but their are inconsistencies in measurements for pledging rewards, which again, will lead to legal trouble down the road. This is ridiculous. It's unbelieveable that someone as unrealistic and unprofessional as Ben Way is actually a millionaire. I'll be honest, I'm just 16 year olds, and even I know this is ridiculous. The fact that there are actual adults buying into such a short sighted and unrealistic business venture is almost beyond me. So think before you pledge, this will never come to fruition. Have you checked seasteading.org ? Hi Ben. I hope you Arc Island is a reality one day. In the meantime you can check out my friend's island which is currently 25 meters in diameter and built on over 125,000 recycled plastic bottles. I am helping him with a kickstarter campaign to expand the island and launch it from a protected lagoon out into the bay. Just search for plastic bottle island and you will find it. alsoo how does this fit the project guidelines? No business funding, projects only. If your project hopes to make money, that’s perfectly fine! Rather, we’re underlining that we only allow projects. A project is something finite, with a clear beginning and end. Someone can be held accountable to the framework of a project—a project was either completed or it wasn’t—and there are definable expectations that everyone can agree to. Examples are making a film versus starting a film studio, or designing a new piece of apparel versus starting a fashion label. It's a good thing you don't have any equity to give up to kickstarter backers. Otherwise we might get angry and dilute your shares. I'm curious about this part: (Yawn-boring legal bit from the lawyers; Terms and conditions apply) Any ideas on what those may be? Would hate to drop the money and find out the terms and conditions restrict me down the line! This is quite feasable but it reminds me of Bioshock. I'm pretty certain that 100 years after construction, this place is going to be a cesspool of crime and corruption. +1 like the idea :)) Chase your dream Ben, chase it all the way. There are people say that it can never be done, they may be right, but no one will ever know, unless we try. The most precious thing ever is to share a personal vision with someone - there will be those who hate it, learn from them, there will be those who love it and will join you. But, unless you share you vision, there is nothing. Nice one for setting a bold example. I am in! So the genius of Kickstarter seemed to be the fact that, if there was not enough money to fund a project you did not pay. You say yourself it can not be done on 50,000 dollars, but if you reach 50,000 then we all pay anyway. If you cant get the massive amounts of money you would need from other sources and the project never came to fruition, would we be refunded? So I was a little interested, until I read this: "So the first question your asking is how possibly can you do this for $50,000, the simple answer is we can't, this is the start of a long journey into the unknown, and this Kick Starter project represents the first step in making this a reality. " You can't even bother to proofread and make sure you aren't putting "your" when you should be putting "you're"? This may have some relationship to this video game which also has a floating city called "the Ark" <url>"Power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely!". I don't mean to sound like pessimistic. I'm just calling a spade a spade. Ben, the language used to describe the pledge awards is a bit sloppy. The $5 and $25 pledges list the land awards using linear measurements instead of "square centimeters" as described for the $1 pledge award. And the $150 pledge promises nothing more than a phone call as an award. I think we are all in agreement here this Idea is crazy the question is is it crazy enough to work? Kickstarter makes a civilization This could be amazing. I have no idea how this would ever work. It's madness, logistical nightmare. I'm in!! Loving the kickstarter concept, like this idea it could be fun