@Mistermark: Sorry about the color mixup. There is no harm in painting the stage black. But another approach is to just cover the stage with a black piece of construction paper or felt that has been cut into a 2.7" x 10x strip. @David: yes! because by our records, we shipped you a stage on 08-10 via USPS. Contact us on <email> and we will start an inquiry into this. @Matt: All KS accounts have the free (old 5$ plan) until JAN 2013. If you provided us a valid account at the survey time, we upgraded you. If we somehow missed you, contact us on <email> and we will change your account status. Indeed, the old $5 plan is gone. We want to be generous to our KS supporters, so write us privately and we will work something out with you for 2013. @Vinod: Your stage was also shipped 09-03, so just like PhoneJoy, it should be arriving today. Please let us know if you do not get it by EOB. @Nicolas: Please send us feedback at <email>. We appreciate it! @Irawan: The stage handles up to 5lbs. @PhoneJoy: We shipped on 09-03. Worst case, 10 business days to Hong Kong would be 09-17. Let us know if it doesn't get there tomorrow and we will file an inquiry with Fedex. Out of 150+ intl shipments, yours is the first to take >10 days...but it is also one of the few to HongKong/China. @Nicolas: The brown paper is meant to be peeled off the white plastic top. It is there to prevent scratches on the top of the surface. Use your fingernail to lift a corner of the paper, then peel the rest off. If you turn the stage on its bottom, you will see two screws. By unscrewing them, you will see where you need to place 6 batteries; pop them in, reassemble and flip the switch. Write us at <email> and we will respond faster. We are also available on google hangouts. @Angel: Yours was shipped 09-07. @Irawan: We shipped your 5 stages on 09-12. We use a fedex service that does not give us individual tracking numbers. The spin that you shot looks good---somewhat grainy though. What camera do you use? Feel free to write us at <email> @bertie: Hi Bertie, your stage was shipped 09-03 via Fedex International Mail Service. @Nicolas: Your stage was shipped on 09-04. We use Fedex international mail service; it requires 4-7 business days to deliver, and we don't get individual tracking #s (only #s for the entire bundle when it arrives in CH). @Brad: I just emailed you your tracking #. @antimix: EVERY spin that we've made has been produced entirely with the app--no retouching. Our trick is to shoot against either a black or white background, and then adjust the white-balance, black point, and curves so that the background disappears. See our blog; we will be posting some tips on how to do this. BTW, the AnyCase looks fantastic. Can we buy one to test? Hi Ronny, Your stage has been shipped via Fedex International Mail on 09-05. This service does not give us an individual tracking # for each package, but rather, a tracking number for the large batch that is headed to Australia. As soon as the batch arrives in Australia, we should receive a ping. Thank you for being an early backer! @SeanMcAleer: Re batteries, theoretically, 2200mAH batteries should power the device for >8hrs, but this figure is based on crude measurements of current usage and a very simple model. We can note anecdotally that it is possible to take >100 spins on a single set of charged batteries. Using a lower width parameter will not increase the load time. It will just change the amount of space the embed occupies on a webpage. Please write us at <email> for further info about your last two questions. @Rebee, @Ryan: We emailed you privately with your tracking numbers earlier this week...just wanted to make sure that the other readers on this public forum didn't conclude that we ignored you. @PhoneJoy: Hi Martin, yours was shipped on 9-03. We have shipped almost all of the 60,85,110,150 orders. We are waiting for a few people to add the international shipping fees. There are about 30 backers left as of Wednesday who we are working on now; Write us at <email> if you have any questions. THANK you for your support and patience. @Matt: Those are indeed gorgeous spins! Please post a photograph to help others reproduce the setup. @Philip WOW! Excellent tutorial. Thanks so much for sharing. @Philip Thanks for sharing! Could you post a picture of your setup? We'd like to see how you are arranging the Modahaus TableTop Studio with your iDevice and Arqball Spin turntable. We just posted a piece on our blog that gives "behind the scenes" access on a recent project we did for the UVA Art Museum: <url>"Spin Me" rewards. After that, we will begin processing international recipients followed by the higher-tiered pledges. We can't thank you enough for your support and patience! Hi Scott, Our final design did not include a battery cover because we found that the batteries stayed tightly fit inside the holder on their own. We also weren't happy with the build quality of the covers we sourced and did not want to further delay stage delivery. We will be posting an STL file soon for the stand soon that you can have one 3D-printed. In the meantime, any iPhone tripod will suffice. Post some spins!!! Hello Backers, We're very busy these days fulfilling KS stage rewards. We shipped a record 100 stages today(!) and will attempt to hit the same mark tomorrow. If you haven't received your stage yet rest assured that we are working tirelessly to fulfill your order. Please send us a message with any specific questions or concerns. Best, The Arqball Team @Amit: Will record your choice. @Ryan: We are working as fast as we can. Big issue is waiting for parts. Add your specific details to the Survey we sent (under special requests), or write us at <email> @MattArcher: You can use this link <url>"float." It's also helpful to set a white point and adjust the contrast/brightness using the in-app editing controls to more cleanly isolate the object. Here is an example spin made using a white backdrop: <url>~5lbs weight. @Kailash: Checkout our new pricing: <url>"Panorama style" taken when I was on Mt.Etna: <url>"setup" shot and proof that our stage works at high altitude and low temperature: <url>"pano-style" spins can also be easily stitched into standard panos. If there is enough interest, we can probably create that export option quite easily....although there are already several stitching apps already available. @Hans: glad you figured it out. Here is the workflow we had in mind: Once you capture a spin, you can edit it. You can come back later and edit as well. However, once you "publish/share" the spin, then those editing parameters have been baked in and sent to our servers. To re-edit, you clone the original and start edits afresh. Here is why: If you were to later come back and edit a spin you have published, you might have the expectation that those edits would propagate to the server....or you might expect that when you "share" this version, the old version that you shared is left unchanged. Which one? To prevent this confusion, we have you explicitly "clone" the spin, and edit this clone. The clone acts like a newly captured spin from both the App and your perspective. @Jason, what we do to use different colored bases is to place them on top of the stage. So far, we use foam-core or acrylic that has been cut into an 8" or 12" circle, and has a donut-hole (torus) with internal diameter 5" centered and glued to the underside. This platform then easily sits on the stage and is held centered by the torus. You could easily do something similar with the glass. If you only need it for jewelry, and 5" dia is enough, just place it on top of the stage and forget the torus. Does this make sense? Tony, Thanks for the feedback! We are working on redesigning the site this week to be more helpful. We will try to incorporate your suggestions RE tutorial + faq. @Mike Lougee: RE tripod mount, we had the same idea. Working on a way to make a tripod thread mount into a solid alu piece affixed to the bottom. Easier would be plastic, but that doesn't seem sturdy enough for a threaded mount. We are thinking about how to economically achieve this feature. RE delivery: As soon as we get to ~75%, we'll feel comfortable ordering the parts early on our credit cards :) More than anybody else, we want to see this happen and get stages out asap. Hey femto, we've tested heavily on Opera and haven't seen this problem before. Could you send an e-mail to <email> with details about your OS and browser version? Thanks for your help! femto - We definitely have plans for an Android app, but it is still in early development. Mark - you are exactly right! There are other pano apps targeted specifically at outward looking 360s, but you can make them with our app and stage as well. Philip - Thanks so much! Help us get the word out; with a little word-of-mouth marketing I think we can reach the goal soon. Hey Roy, I thought you might appreciate this spin I just took: <url>"traditional" 3D models with tools like Maya, Autodesk, etc. is very time consuming and expensive. Arqball Spin achieves a comparable 3D experience that anyone can create with their phone in 60 seconds---indeed, part of the confusion is that Arqball Spin is not in the same category as those other tools, and that is the advantage of the platform. Although we do capture the 3D appearance of an object through a sequence of carefully chosen images, features like object labeling show that our algorithm is recovering some depth information about the object (see this video for a demonstration of labeling <url>"spins" will further blur the line between parametric 3D model, image-based 3D model, and video. In particular, the idea of exporting geometry is in Arqball's feature pipeline. More technically, Arqball is capturing something called a light field which is a fairly well understood image-based representation of a 3d object. Read more here: <url>"float". This is how we made the spins on our webpage that appear to float on white/black backgrounds. We actually recommend using foam core boards for this, which you can pick up at most hobby stores (e.g., Michael's). The idea is to create a circular base that you rest on the stage and a backdrop that is the same color. You will also want to play around with the white balance and curve editing controls in the app to help blow out the background to either white or black. We'll be making blog posts in the weeks ahead that more clearly illustrate this process and give a "rough guide" to making cool spins. Best, Arqball Team Hi Tom, Great idea. Allowing you to set the rotation speed in the app is something that is on our feature list. This should make it easier to make spins with other rotation systems. I can't give you a very precise estimate of when that will become available unfortunately, but my best guess is some time in the summer. Best, Arqball Team Hi Roy, It's important to note that Arqball Spin does not currently allow exporting spins to 3d/.stl files (we added a statement to the FAQ about this). That capability is something we are working on, but our solution will likely not achieve 0.125mm resolution. If that is critical to your application we should discuss a refund. Thanks, Arqball Spin Team I asked my friend why he does not use the arqball spin i got for him. He said "it worked. once." how can i get it fixed for him? What happened to the $4.95 unlimited deal for Kickstarter backers? Please let me know what is going on. Thanks! I have to say that your strategy of eliminating the ""basic" plan for $4.95/month that entitles you to an unlimited quota of shared spins (also unlimited captures)" and hiking it to a whopping $19.95 for "unlimited spins & 10,000 views per month" may just well backfire. I'm not sure about other KickStarters, but I feel pretty let down. I was intending on using it for a retail website that I was setting up here in Singapore, but the novelty factor is certainly not worth $240 a year! That's considerably more than I pay to host the whole website! Sadly, my Arqball Spin will likely sit gathering dust on the shelf in my study, unless you come up with more realistic and palatable pricing... @ Matt: I hope no, since a lot of us have just received the stage, an I would hope they will extend at least till June 2013... Hi from Asutralia. Received my stage the other day. Looks nice and working fine. Thank you! Brett Hello, just to clarify... the plan most of us KSers are on... is the 25 spins and 1000 views for free... or the unlimited $4.95... are you saying that those of us who are using the 25 spins and 1000 view "free" account will be downgraded to the new "Free" account which I believe is only 5 spins and 1000 views in Jan 2013? Hey Arqball, I just recieved my stages (i'm living in the Netherlands). And although they are not black and white like I requested(they are both white), I am very happy with them and super excited to see in what ways i can implement them. I only had one question, should i choose to spraypaint the second stage black, will it have any effect on the device itself? (In other words, will i ruin a perfectly good stage if i paint it black?). Thank you for the great product and the time you put in to it. Hello, I haven't yet received my (domestic) Arqball Spin. Should I be concerned? Hey, what happened to the $4.95 unlimited deal for Kickstarter backers? I no longer have that option and now all the prices are hiked much higher? You said we had it free till the end of the year? It is not even October? Please let me know what is going on. Just received my unit (in France) and look forward to producing my 1st spins! Hi, I had paid the international shipping as well... when do I get my Arqball? I received an email for reminding to pay the shipping as my shipment was pending for it... its been a long time now. @Arqball : Sorry, this is my mistake. I sincerely apologize. Still, I keep thinking that the product as it is shiped today, looks like a prototype: no packaging, no product information nor manual. Do you plan to work on packaging? Then I have a subsequent question. I did a first try using the product/prototype and the app: <url>"wood" > is this part finished ???) - no paper, no instruction... nothing except this average "product" which does not look finished at all. Is it a mistake ? Did you send me by error one of your first prototype ? What a disappointment... <url>Ángel. dear 'Arqball Spinners', We are very anxious to get our stage, could you tell us when it is, or will be, shipped, (to the Netherlands) thanx, <email> @arqball: I think yes. Please contact Steve Boehmke (<url>"retouched" spins ? I see perfect white balanced spins, or background retouched spins in your sites. This actually can not be done with iPhone, since the video can not be edited or cleaned. - Do you have any Windows application to create/edit spins ? Best Regards Hello, I just received my Arqball. GREAT!!!! Here is my spin showing the tripod I use for for my iPhone. I find it perfect for my arqball. For your info it was another kickstarter project (ANYCASE). It was unsuccessfull since nobody noticed it.... <url>"crop' feature will be updated in the app. Got mine...top was not flat in its case, first I thought it was supposed to be like that until I pushed the unit in place. A few questions, how long do the batteries last before your spin won't properly display correct? By including smaller size px embeds, will that decrease the load time, say adding a page with like 4 spins on it at once, or is it just loading the 512px spin for each? Will there be options for white label, save the display to some .3ds or say Google's 3d format? Can we disable the " drag to interact" label????? Thanks, Sean When will Canadian order arrive?? Thx! I got my Stage ! Thankyou ! Very cool ! I only had time to make one very quick silly spin before rushing onto a flight. Note that its important to keep the camera VERY still ! <url>"spin me" stage... Hopefully I'll get a notice soon! Just got my spin a few minutes ago. Can't wait to take it out for a .......spin. The "spin me" level is shipping. Just received notice by email with a tracking numer from stamps.com USPS priority mail. Huzzah! I just came home from work to find a stage on my doorstep! Can't wait to start making spins of my tinkerings! Hoping the "Spin Me" stages are shipping soon. We need to get a bunch of spins done in time for the holiday season - and that's starting in the next week or so for us! Any status update would be much appreciated, for sure. Hi, When will these be shipping? I'm in Canada, paid extra shipping costs. Let me know ETA, have a project would love to test this out with. Thx, R Hey guys, we ordered a 2 Spins and would like to have 1 White & 1 Red. Please Confirm the same if the option is enabled in the Shipping Response. How do I get you the additional $20 for international shipping? Thank you for the update. Love seeing the spin of the two motors - and don't mind at all the small delay - better these things are resolved before they are sent out. Very exciting to see it in action. What about to add the color "Green Chromakey" to the color options ? The Green Chromakey (there is a Pantone color for it) is the special green used in TV or special effects that become transparent. That would allow to use the stage on top of a standard Green background and using common video editing plugins the background and the stage would VANISH, allowing virtual unlimited effects !! For the tripod mount, how about just embedding a nut in the center of the top (to avoid the issue with the battery compartment) and using a double ended screw like these?: <url>"see" the base when sitting directly on it. You'd have to specify the threads of course, and there were other vendors that had similar products which might be less expensive and/or already have a 1/4 20 end. I searched for "double ended screw". Good luck! I think is my favorite spin I've done so far. :) Hellraiser Box <url>"Panorama style" taken when I was on Mt.Etna: <url>"setup" shot and proof that our stage works at high altitude and low temperature: <url>"pano-style" spins can also be easily stitched into standard panos. If there is enough interest, we can probably create that export option quite easily....although there are already several stitching apps already available. @Ronny If you put your phone on the Spin it creates a 360 panorama. The 360 spin I saw was a lot more accurate than the ones I have done in the past with the iphone app 360 panorama by occpital. Not to nock the 360 panorama app as it is very convenient but Arqball's app appears to create a better 360 panorama with a lot more accuracy . Had a thought about another potential use for the Spin last night. Supposing you put the iPhone on the Spin and filmed the room as it revolved 360°. How hard would it be to update the app to handle that? @Roy hey in Canada it's a long weekend! I'd say take Monday as well;) Quite the roller coaster ! Well done. Breath deep! Congratulation guys! Congratulation guys! Looking forward to receiving the stage and taking it for a spin... Congrats, guys! Now... Take the test of the day off. Hell... You might as well throw in the weekend too. Sorry again for the silly question!! I´ve read that this will be possible in the survey for all backers! (choosing the color of the Arqball Spin) Sorry, maybe I´ve oversen this: How can I decide the color of my Arqball Spin? Congrats! Well done :) $2,748 over. Congrats and you made it. Can't wait to spin some stuff! It's too bad we can't put a firewoork explosion on the Arqball and record it, that would truely be something to see. Actually you could almost, some good fiber optics with a controller it might be simulatable. Maybe your next kickstarter project. Just found about this over at Slingshot and ordered 2. Looking forward to using it to come up with great shots of my wife's jewelry. Lots of awesomeness guys! have increased - and seems you are there good luck mates I had to update my Pledge as this has to be a great gift for a fellow photographer! The pledges keep coming in! Go Arqball! I pledged $15 at first then changed my mind and went for $80 so I don't have to continuing spinning by hand. :) Watching this pledge metre go up to $40k is like watching something spin at 3 revs per minute. Excruciating! Come on, people! Pledge! PLEDGE!!! lets keep it going, im very excited for this! :) wondering if and how long til theres an app for the android market nail biting stuff, I am pushing like crazy over here in Europe for you guys, I think you are gonna do it and you so deserve it, maybe then you will be able to get some sleep :-) Is the rotation of the spin motor adjustable? does it have a USB connection (arduino compatible)? i would love to use this for time lapse. Fingers are crossed that this reaches the funding threshold... Yeow! Down to the wire! Just $5k left to fund! Holding thumbs here in South Africa! I'm interested in using this for my wife's cakes - mostly sponge cakes weigh in the region of 2kg, which is just under the limit of this thing. Just pledged. I hope this project gets pushed through. It would be great for things like ebay, etc... but really, I think I want to digitize my whole collection of mint 80's toys for archive! What limitless possibilities! Been spreading the word... How come you don't have a Facebook page or link? I think that would have helped a lot in reaching out to more people.. So close and yet so far as the song goes... Keeping my fingers crossed that you reach the $40,000.00 mark... Everyone needs to get the word out for the final 24 hour push!! Good luck! This user's account has been deleted. Besides all the products I cannot wait to spin, I'm really looking forward to doing all my statues from Sideshow Collectables. I will be able to take my collection wherever I go. Another thing I cannot wait to try are different lighting effects on models. Seriously this is going to be amazing!! Thanks guys for this project, I will have a blast with it. Is there going to be a way where you can have an object, record it on your phone and then display in on the web or share it with friends? I am thinking that I could potentially use this for some of my clients on their websites. Thanks After seeing the 360 panorama mentioned in your previous post have y'all thought to make the stage where it could be attached to a camera tripod? Any ideas if someone wanted to not have branded spins? Have the ability to do spins for other people. Also any plans to allow scrolling up and down within a spin and the ability to zoom into a spin on a computer and not just on an iOS device? Cannot wait for the stage! Sorry to mention another 3D app, but is this <url>"truly 3D" in addition to Spin's 3D "movies." Fantastic that you'll be making the stages, regardless of whether there's full funding. Someone may have thought of and/or mentioned this before, but if not... You may be currently missing an opportunity to do more with your software and spin platform that could bring in a ton more interest. Here's the idea: if you put your iDevice ON the platform it will take a 360 panorama. I tried this without the platform and it produced an navigable 360 "image", albeit a wobbly/jerky one. For real estate this could be great, but would likely require a case lens or perhaps the use of a better movie camera for separate upload, at least for small to average sized rooms. For outdoor use it will probably work just fine with the iDevices' normal focal length. It would also probably produce some pretty cool group shots if you all circled the platform at an appropriate distance and "froze" in place. Just food for thought :). BTW, your idea is very neat, simple and elegant. I wish I had thought of it :). I'm looking forward to receiving mine for ebaying. Fingers crossed for that last 1/3rd! Congratulations on the invention of this amazing concept! It's truly ground breaking. I'm interested about your plans regarding hosting of images on other websites. I am an Optician and have about a thousand varieties (literally) of frames and sunglasses in my inventory. Would like to get a sneak peek about your pricing beyond hosting 100 spins? Thanks in advance! Makes sense. What kind of weight limit will it have? Hope to use this for jewelry and for dental stone models with articulators. I'm already backing because I like your goal... just wondering. Can the spin deck (shown in white) be changed out in the future or is it glued/stamped on the spin rod? Would like to be able to switch it out with a piece of glass that is painted on the backside to produce the reflected image look often found with jewelry store photos. I solved the problem with the software. I now know that you can edit a clone of a project. I have used the software for a while but cannot edit the spins anymore! Why is that. I ordered a stage and i hope your project wil fund. When the software will work like now it is a litlle bit less usefull I have visit your web-site , it looks nice but it needs to be more useful . How about some tutorial and a section of common questions and answers . Also I will like to point out That your Terms and Conditions page notes a discrepancy on spins and prices and not too clear on cancelation or downgrading Best of luck Tony This is a great idea. If you look at the opening of our PadPivot campaign from last year you can see our attempt at 360 rotation photography. I sure wish I would have had a spin back then. I am now just about ready to open a new website and was researching 360 product shots and found another great KickStarter project the Arqball! I will likely be using your app before I receive the spin to show off the PadPivot on our new website. I hope you make your goal. Good luck! Assuming the Project is funded (we're all optimists), do you have any more precise predictions about when the stages wil ship (ie early May vs late May, etc). If you don't, no problem (and we can't hold you to any predictions anyway...). TIA Using Opera to browse the example spins, I noticed that the spins are flickering a lot. Is this a know issue and if yes, will it be fixed? Are there any plans for an Android version of your app? Fantastic product, so excited by it and it will make my company website look hundred times better, hope you reach the goal. I don't know if this is a stupid question or not (no questions are stupid, right?).... If you place the camera / iphone on the stage, would you get a 360 of the room that you're in? This would be practical for real estate purposes, etc. Is it correct to call this 3D? Since it does not seem to involve transforming the object to a 3D model but rather like a film that one just scrubs back and forth. I would love it to be real 3D since it would allow to do 3D printing or for use in games etc. Saw this at DEMO this week. Awesome technology, looking forward to my stands! How much weight can the stage withstand? Sorry to ask another question (but you folks are so responsive, and you seem to give all the right answers!): I wonder if, in some future version, you might allow users to capture the rotating object from two (or three) perspectives... 1) the normal perspective, from the side; 2) a "ceiling" perspective, from directly above the center of the rotating object; 3) flip the object upside down, allowing a "floor" perspective. Then all your software needs to do is merge the captures, and you could allow the image to be manipulated in (sort of) three dimensions. It seems like it's just software, and you folks are good at software. My use case is for medical education, where the "object" might be a medical specimen, but there are probably tons of other uses. Mike Lougee, I was curious what I would get w the software if i held the iPad and rotated in a circle for recording. Looks as if it will work but the software frame rate may need increasing or the rotation time needs to increase from 20 sec to about 40. Would be great if the software allowed the user to config these options. I list a rental property on vrbo and would love to be able to take high quality spins of the space. Just ordered, good fun... and a couple more things. First, I'd join Tom Thomas's request for a tripod mount on the bottom, to make the Spin a "2-fer" device. If you folks can't do it for the first round of manufacturing, I'll bet that the recipients of the first devices will create DIY versions. Second, if the color of the Spin were black (and if the "deck" of the Spin were also black) and if the Spin were placed on a black backdrop, would all evidence of the Spin disappear, allowing the spinning object to "float" alone? Thanks for the quick response. 0.125 mm is our "dream" resolution for imaging and I saw that the 3d acquisition may not happen, but even the visual spin can give us dentists a huge advantage over what we currently have to visualize static models. No refund necessary but keep up the work - that's the direction I'd personally love to see you go... Fantastic! I need this yesterday for scanning plaster teeth models, both to archive them so I can toss the originals (they take a lot of space) and to import into 3d/.stl (etc.) programs for planning dentistry and the implants I currently place. I now use my $125,000 conebeam scanner to do this but I'm guessing yours is more affordable... Sign me up if the resolution can approach 0.125mm, especially! Awesome awesome awesome... I will use to showcase firearms that a local builder creates. 2D pics are so 1985... Just ordered one! Feature request. Make the spinner table tripod mountable on the bottom and support reverse image acquisition where the iPad spins and captures the room it's in for rotational view. Saw it on Engadget and had to back right away. This is great for small business owners. Genius Arqball Spin Team, Genius. This is brilliant. The uses for small sellers using eBay and etsy are enormous.