Hey guys, I just wanted to take a moment to clear the air about the status of this project. Firstly, I want to apologize to all of our backers for our lack of communication over the summer. Many in the industry have fallen on hard times with studios closing, massive layoffs, etc. and our team members, myself included, were affected by these issues. As you well know, we raised only enough money for this project to purchase licenses required to publish the project. By no means is this project a means of income for any of our members, in fact, many of us have put our own, personal money into the project. So when we were hit by layoffs and set adrift in a sea of other laid-off developers, many of us had to double down and focus on finding work, which meant for many of us, we did not have time to continue our work on the project. Days turned into weeks, weeks to months, and we dropped the ball communicating this to all of you, because we never planned for it to have been such a long process. Many of us have found new work, moved or are in the process of moving, and will be returning to the project. That said, we are going to be focusing on making the game playable and getting it in people's hands. Until that happens we probably won't be posting updates. Once we're at that point, and we can start iterating on the title itself, based on actual feedback from you, we'll begin posting regular updates. We've made some mistakes along the way on the project, and I apologize to all of you for that. To clarify, none of this is an excuse -- but I wanted you all to know where the project stands, and where the team has been these last months. I also want to clarify that the project is not canceled. The dev team is still pounding away, we're sharing smaller updates via Twitter and Facebook, if you're not already follow us and/or like us if you're interested in more frequent updates. <url>"Holy Stones!" @Peter I'll be sure to check it out! For the record though, abilities in the proof of concept are not an indicator of what is to come, they are intentionally very straightforward example abilities. Trust us, we have lots of fantastic, exciting and unique abilities planned! @Steven Awesome question! Stat growth is determined by a character's elemental alignment, as well as the auracite they have equipped at the moment they level up. And these base stats remain regardless of class, though classes will have offsets and potentially multipliers. (Hooks in for both, but it's a long way out before we finalize the numbers.) So yes, hardcore players will be able to use class swapping to great effect to train their characters with the stats they desire! @David You can leave a comment directly on the update if you'd like to discuss that topic in particular! Feel free to answer these questions on the update page if you make your next comment there. ○ What makes you say Play Style B? ○ I don't wish to influence your decision, but we do have plans for a fantasy style that will feature not only influences from Europe, but the near east, as well as other regions of the globe, and purely fantastic styles. @Omnifarious To follow up, if you'd like to gift multiple rewards the ideal way to do that would be to create additional accounts and make separate donations in your friends names! However, if that's not an option or too difficult, please send me a personal message and we can work out another solution! Lucky # indeed, screenshotted for posterity! Sorry I didn't respond sooner to PAX, about the same time you made that comment someone else asked in a message, and apparently I forgot to respond here! I won't be unfortunately, nor will the core development team. One of our designers and our new audio people will be, but there won't be a large presence for the game. If and when we attend any other events, however, we will be sure to let you all know! I'm aiming to be at PAX next year, and for Aura to have a presence. @Omnifarious Android games can be distributed fairly easily as installs as far as I understand. (I don't own an Android myself, at the moment.) Rest assured, you will receive a copy of the game on your desired platform. Don't have any concerns about it, we just can't inform you as to the method until we're actually ready to distribute. @Omnifarious I can't answer this question at this time, but I've submitted a ticket to Kickstarter to find out for you. I'll let you know as soon as I hear back from them, however, simply upping your donation amount would not work given the way that the system works. (Thanks for the question!) As an addendum though, if you're simply interested in copies of the game for your friends when it launches, you could always gift those copies through the app store, or whatever other relevant storefront. @Trevor Thanks for the kind words, I'll be sure to high five myself next time I see me! (I'm by no means a graphic designer, so it's great to hear that the logo caught some attention!) @Sean I can't comment 100% on the format we will be releasing an android version in, however, suffice to say that we want to be able to reach as many potential players as possible, so if there's a demand for a particular format, we'll work to meet it! @Nicholas Thanks for your support! @Ominfarious There will be built in Facebook functionality or something equivalent to help you find friends that play. As for the matchmaking functionality, I can't go into any details yet, because we haven't begun working on matchmaking yet. It's definitely something we will keep you updated on though! No worries @Charles! And I meant to clarify, not call you out on terminology, that's all! We would never sell what's up there as a vertical slice of the game is all I mean. Glad you feel like it's already very far along! Hopefully we'll have much more polished content to show you all very soon. We're overhauling the user interface and update to Unity 3.5 as I speak! @Charles Just to clarify, it's actually not a demo, just a proof of concept! Essentially, it's proof that the game works/functions. It's still a very rough/early phase in development. I would never call what is online right now a demo, demo implies that the experience is similar to what the experience will be in the finished game, simply a small section of it (or vertical slice.) The game is going to be far more playable, clear, etc. when it is finally released, and there will be many more playable builds and demos before that time! I'm glad you decided to back us, we'll be sure to keep you up to date, and keep getting feedback from our fans! @David Thank you! It's definitely very rough, if our backers prefer that style, we will certainly develop it further, everything you see in what we've shown so far was put together in the course of two weeks! @Peter Done and done! We were looking into this, and we love the idea, it's great to see indie developers supporting one another. @Yggdroid Hey thanks for your support! We're in the process of scheduling some features/interviews with a few places, and we have been promoting, but there's always room for more promotion if you had any specific suggestions! We also have some concept art & in-game art showing our other potential art style, I'll post an update in the future to show some of it off! That way when the project is backed and I send out the survey, everyone will know what they're voting for! Sigh *cough* Still nothing. I'd kinda love to see where the $11,577 actually went in the end, whether or not I get my individual $5 back. That and I feel bad for the ~20 people that put over $100 into this. Yup More Crickets. Crickets. So...How do we go about asking for our $5 back? "The project is not dead and we will start regularly updating you." . . . no update in 757 days. At least I only pledged 5$ "Who the Heck are we to take your Money?" Apparently you meant "take" quite literally. Take what you can and give nothing back. That is excellent news. If they've moved on to full time professional game development, they shouldn't have a problem refunding their backers. Glad to hear he has a job with steady hours. When do the refunds start? I'm gonna go ahead and say that "life getting in the way" amounts to "some people BSing around", as you put it. I wasn't here to fund a hobby. I will add though that this was not fraud or just some people BSing around. This team worked really hard on this project in the beginning. They would hold regular meetings to discuss what they had worked on, and what they would work on in the future. I think in this case sometimes real life just gets in the way, and plans change. Just thought I'd shed some light on this since a lot of people are curious, but this project is most likely dead. I know for a fact that the creator has a full time job for a gaming company and puts plenty of hours into an MMO for this job. I just thought I'd state the obvious here so there weren't anymore questions. If this is still happening, it's not anytime soon, if ever. Did this project die? I have encountered more issues with software related kickstarter projects than any other type. It is getting to the point that I don't or will not back software based projects. Most of the physical kickstarter projects have been late, but so far the creators have done fairly good jobs at communicating. I have been reading more and more of kickstarter project going belly up as failed projects gain more attention. The creators at least should communicate with the backers in some form or fashion. It is painfully obvious the creators have moral or ethics. Well... this was a waste of $5.Over two years now. I get a better return on Taco Bell consumption. Just poking my head in to see if anything new is happening. Ping - Any updates? I emailed Doug Miller directly at his site last week. No word yet. Almost two years past the deliverable date, fantastic! What happened to this project...? Yep, an update would have been nice to see back in Nov/Dec. I just wandered in here to see if any random comments had been made. 'Lo and behold, the creator himself makes a comment. Fourthed. I would highly recommend that you do it some time this month. The last time you made an update was Febuary 13th 2013, closing in rapidly on almost a year ago. Thirded. Updates (I mean actual "Updates", not just Comments here) let us know that y'all are still alive, and still working on this. As a backer of the infamous Code Hero, it's been emotionally exhausting to see its creator post a Comment a few times a year, an Update even less often, and for them to then say that people showing concern makes it emotionally intimidating for them to post updates. :/ So while I can't speak for all of us, it gives me some peace of mind to hear updates from y'all, even if there isn't much info for y'all to report. I second Pat's comment. You guys really need to be more communicative. Doug you might want to consider posting an update with that info - hard to say if many people are still coming here to look at the comments. Looks like he's deleted/hid his FB account, but his professional page is still up...it even has his personal email and phone number on it. I only lost $5 on this project, so I'm not too stressed, but I imagine those of you that pledge higher amounts are a bit ticked. @Charles Boyung Good luck with that, guy who doesn't understand how kickstarter works. So, I've emailed this guy at his business email address and also sent a message to his FB account and have gotten no response. I think it's time to start working with Kickstarter and Amazon regarding fraud. This is one of the two projects that ha helped me come to the decision to never back an unfinished project ever again. There's been no communication in a a year, not even an apology. Thank you for continuing to drag the KS name through the mud. I don't care if you guys took the money and bought a yacht, going this long without any communication is pretty pitiful. You guys have an obligation to fulfill to 874 people, even if you are going to piss them off by doing so. Pretty sure most of them already are. Any word, guys? If you've bailed on the project, could you at least share that? Huh, that's awesome. Douglas backed Thoughtstronauts, which was a project from July - August this year, which shows that they haven't completely vanished, yet are ignoring this project, It is doubtful that fulfilling backer rewards did any damage to them. The only physical rewards they offered were tee-shirts, which went to 107 people. Assuming a very liberal $30 per shirt/shipping and the 10% fees to KS and Amazon and there should still have had about $7,200 of the $5,000 they needed remaining. Aged overdue and five months without a single response/update/acknowledgement is absolutely disconcerting. I have to ask... did this project bankrupt itself on backer fulfillment? That seems to be a common thing for KS, and I know they completed fulfillment. I see that there was an announced "big announcement coming" that never materialized? back in April. I'm not worried because I was a $5 backer, but has to suck to be one of the $500 backers. Is this project dead? I don't guess we're getting a refund... v Yeah, this may be a lost cause. At least they shipped out rewards (aside from those that require the game to be completed), right? Douglas Miller: *Please* keep us in the loop. Us backers hearing bad news is better than us hearing no news whatsoever. As a comparison, I backed Code Hero, and its creator has been almost completely unresponsive to the questions of backers, which feels just awful. D: If the project's in trouble, maybe some of your 874 can help out. Maybe you need to cut down on the scope of the game. Even if (gods forbid) you need to call it quits...an update telling us as much would be greatly, greatly appreciated. The last update on Facebook or Twitter was back on April 9th. I probably consider this a lost cause at this point in time. Hm, closing in on two months without an update. Is this one dead? What's the haps, any news? any updates on progress???? @Douglas Miller Some of us use neither, so please don't forget to update the kickstarter when big events happen. Oh and thanks for the t-shirt. You guys still around? An update would be much appreciated. Any update on this project? Well, odd timing... I got my shirt today!! While it's not a game update per-say... it did include a note promising "exciting new content ... soon". It also said they're "working harder than ever". Let's hope to see some more news soon! In particular, an update on whether any progress has been made with the game would be wonderful. I'm genuinely scared nothing has been done with the game itself. Updates? Even if there's nothing much to report, a once a month "Hey, we still exist and haven't completely abandoned the project" would be great. Curious of status updates. I haven't seen anything in a while. Would you be able to send out another email? Thank you! Any news on the release date? Will this game run on OUYA? :D I'm sure this was answered somewhere, but do we have any sort of launch date for even a beta coming up? Could you make an update that talks about some of the classes and their abilities? What are the specs you'd need on an Android device to run it? I have a LG Optimus V, hacked to run at ~800 MHz. If I won't be able to run it, that's fine, and I may get a tablet at some point just to play it. But it would be nice to have on my most portable device. Do you guys have an idea yet of when the first game will be released? I only just now got around to playing the proof of concept, and I was pretty pleased with it. The controls were fairly intuitive. I was wondering, though, does elevation do anything besides prevent you from moving in certain directions? Nice, we got to well over 200%. Now to just do our part, test the game out as it's released, and generally support 'em. Congrulations & Wishing you guys the best of luck ! Truly amazing the amount of backers in just 30 days !! Hurra...... well thats horay in swedish @Sean Try out the proof of comcept man. From the feel it looks like, even with so simplistic a demonstration, they've nailed FFT If this game is even half as fun as FF Tactics, my pledge is money well spent. Oh, I thought the leaf was earth. I guess it's plants or something? The six symbols in the game's logo represent the elements, right? What's the yellow one? Are you guys aware that the term 'auracite' is used in some Final Fantasy games? Is it an intentional shout-out? Pledged! If it's A it would be cool if there was an easier way to visually distinguish the classes. Zatikon. It's not an RPG, but it's a turn-based, grid-based tactical multiplayer (and mostly free, to boot). Some of the people who backed this project might like that game. But more importantly, you Aura Tactics developers might get some inspiration from checking out that game (mostly in terms of unit abilities, in my opinion). Great job, fellow CA. This definitely will fill my tactics itch that I've been wanting to scratch. I would also want to put a vote for an android tablet. Does the unit's previous stats from being a previous class stay or will it get completely change to the current class? aka if I level a sorcerer to 4 then change it to a swordsman before level 5, would it keep the stats it had between 1-4 on top of having 1 level of swordsman stats or is all level 5 swordsmen stats are the same? I have been playing Baseball Superstars 2012 on the Android and they have developed a very nice feature this year for pitching and batting (smart) mode where you swipe patterns on your device to pitch(can be used for spells) and use the motion control while at bat to aim where "sweet spot" while at bat (can be used to increase crit on an attack) please look in to this it would add a great game play style Clearly I did not read that update well. Visual Style: A Play Style: B Okay... /panic I'm A for Abstract!!! But you can do a lot with some well crafted abstract images! Take some time to look at some of the amazing chess sets of antiquity. I am sick to death of generic fantasy crap, especially Eurocentric themed fantasy. Not a problem. I don't usually get a chance to go to conventions, so I figured I'd ask. Oh well. The shirt seems to be a hit! Your numbers are soaring. Hope you make it to 200%! $7,777!! That's a great sign! I'll take that as a "no" then... oh well. @DouglasMiller - I don't know that gifting yet works on the Android marketplace, which is where I'd be operating. Any chance I could get a copy or two for friends if I add a bit more to my pledge? I agree on the logo, that and the title caught my interest initially. By the way, any chance you guys are going to be at PAX East? I recently learned I'd be attending. Just wanted to say quickly that while the game content (and genre) were what interested me the most about the game, it was actually the logo that got me interested in the first place. Not sure who made it, but they probably deserve a high five the next time you see them. :) @Douglas Miller Fair enough. There's untapped demand for apps outside of the mainstream market, or "play store" as they call it nowadays. That's the reason, as far as I can tell, that the current humble bundle for android is at $650,000 (and counting). Will there be a way for players to find each other. Will there be a skill-matching system like SC2 has? As a former reviewer of iPhone games I got to say this project shows promise. It looks like you want to bring the Fire Emblem/Final Fantasy Tactics style to a space overly dominated by board games, an act that alone warants my respect for it without even going into the unique idea you want to implement here. My only regret is that I can'tafford more than the five dollar donation, a situation you guys can thank Brian Fargo for with his deviously recently announced dream team of RPG game designers that he intends to use for Wasteland 2. Still I do hope I can spread the word about this game with what few connections I have. Hi There. I like the ideas presented for this project. Just one question. Will the free copy of the game for backers $5 and up be distributed as a binary (.apk)? I hate the google play store for the virus infected trollop that it is and refuse to install it on my phone, so I'm only able to get games that offer up binaries for purchase, like the Humble Bundle promotion currently going on. Hi There, I instantly backed this as S-RPG's on android is what I want to see more of. I would like to see you guys try to innovate the genre, consider maybe instead of square tiles using hex, it could totally change positioning and strategy. Or perhaps instead of taking turns to move and attack, both players input their commands at the same time and the best tactics win. Good luck with the project! @Douglas Arg!! Sorry for the typo on your name! I glanced down at your previous reply, saw a David, and just got typing too quickly.... ugh. Sorry again! I'd edit my post if I could! @David Sorry for the terminology! I certainly didn't mean to imply that, I understand it's early. Just seems so far along already, I misspoke. Thanks for your time and efforts! I'm excited to get this going on my Android soon. Happy this modest project finally got enough backing! I've been on the fence for weeks about backing it, but I finally made a tiny donation. Glad there were over 200 other people to help out. I love the core concept... tactics game.... asynchronous... I can't wait! I played the demo, and admittedly I didn't have a ton of time to focus on it, but I found it really confusing. Hopefully the finished product will be easier to digest! I really like the chess-theme to the art style. I think it has room to improve, but keep it simple. Think "elegant" I you'll be on track! You better get all the backing. I want to play this game. Well done on kicking it forward Idea: You may want to try and promote this kickstarter through <url>"The Joystiq Indie Pitch" Anyways I hope you guys can get some more exposure and supporters :D Also might want to start reaching out to some sites that could promote your kickstarter if you haven't already I'd love see a different art style if only to satisfy my curiosity of what you guys are capable of doing. Other than that I hope the funding goes through because I really want this on my android phone.. Love this art style, it's original! Don't use a classic RPG art style... unless you think do something cooler than this :D Good luck, guys. I love this type of game and I really hope you reach your goal. good luck!