All remaining Kickstarter and pre-orders that are on the books today will ship out with the next batch that is slated to arrive at our office in mid-April. We'll keep providing details as we get them. @Carrianne - what browser are you using? If you are using IE, can you try using Chrome or Firefox? Kickstarter is saying there are issues with IE, specifically IE8 so to try another browser. If all else fails, you'll get an email from Sylvia (the one in the orange scarf - crazy woman) to get your survey info. Thanks! @Magda - on no! We're working on it! <url># down under $25) and sending it out. Love ya!! Cheryl here - from a bad internet connection in the back seat of a car on the 5 driving from LA to SF - you all are rocking it today. Thank you!! We still need one more push. Start with just one friend and nudge them until they jump on board. We'll send out one more backer update in a couple hours with that reminder. ...it feels close because we've come so far, but we still have a ways to go... Since ~midnight last night we have gone up 218 backers. Keep spreading the word - we CAN do this together! @michelle - thank you! where are we (fingers crossed) racing? Here is a link to a picture with the GPS Go Stick next to a pack of gum as a comparison. <url>"borrows" your watch, he might want to borrow your shirt as well. So we just added 2 new backer awards that include a limited edition Bia tech shirt for men! They come in black, same awesome Bia logo on the back, no flower design on the front. About time, right? Go at it! Yes, all the current matches that apply to everyone have been applied. Guys have been scooping up Bia as fast as women. The love the quick connect GPS and safety alert! Upgrading to Hers & His and getting one new guy friend on board today will help us blow through $300K and put us on track for tomorrow. It's going to go down to the wire! @Jake - thank you. We'd love to debrief after the dust settle. To say this is going to be a nail biter is an understatement! THANK YOU for upping yours and cheering us on! We still have unclaimed matching dollars on the table! What's going on here? If you have friends that still haven't backed us yet, go to our Facebook page and tag them in the picture of their favorite sport. Let's nudge them over the line on a day their pledge counts double! www.facebook.com/BiaSport @Jenny - yes!!! Love the Tam Runners Club - nothing like a Dipsea! @Shala - great blog post! We'll make sure we list it on our Press page and Twitter! @Shala, @Cassie and @Shannon - too funny - yes, we are refresh page junkies too. @Ashely - so glad you love it! We do too and are so excited to get this out on wrists. HI @Lisa - the wrists straps have very soft (but strong!) velcro fastening. This watch stays ON! Hi @Jennifer - Sending safety alert information to your loved ones will be free. There will be an annual subscription to forward it to emergency services. Price on this has not been determined. We do not expect extra charges for any other connected services. However if for some reason this changes, all Kickstarter backers will be grandfathered in for free. We love that you are here with us first. @kathryn -You can clip the GPS Go Stick to your suit for swimming. Other options would be on the strap of your goggles or tucked under the swim cap. @Barbara - yes. there is a picture of wearing it on your right wrist about midway down on the project home page. The display flips. :-) @Nicole - awesome. This is Cheryl. I was already running Tinkerbell with my Aunt and now our new $1850 backer has roped me into running WDW Marathon with her. There are a bunch of Goofy runners here too. What are you running? We didn't put it in the update this morning but just a note to all the Run Disney peeps, we had a backer come in at the $1850 level and it looks like I (Cheryl) am on the hook to run the 20th Anniversary WDW Marathon in January...followed by the Tinkerbell half the following weekend. What else do I need to throw into the mix to Go Goofy or Coast to Coast? ...why do i think this is going to be WAY more fun than Ironman races? So excited. Holy moly you all are KILLING it for us today. 140 backers and it's not even dinner time on the west coast! Runners World, loads of blog coverage, some of the best women's teams and women-led sports brands coming on board. ....Can't what to share with you what *we've* been up to today...if you thought today was fun....ha ha.. just wait... You ask. We deliver. New backer reward added!! @mallory Love it. Can you share the links with us so we can chime in if questions come up? And we are so excited to have you on board. Cheryl is running Tink with her aunt (a first time 13.1er!) next year. @Lynda....The only difference between men's and women's in the length of the band. If you backed at the $419 level it's easy to let you choose two women's bands. We say go for it! And thank you for posting on the Disney run pages. We'd love to see enough Disney folks come on board to do a custom Run Disney watchband. @Phil We are blushing. We'll take the MacBook Air comparison any day! Thank you. But no crossed fingers allowed. Use them to text, call, or strong-arm two friends into backing us too. That's all we need everyone to do in order to hit our goal :-) @Rebecca - your comment just inspired something for tomorrow's backers update...stay tuned. @Dan - thank you! I love that you appreciate the nuance of what the two piece is going to do for antenna reception. It's going to sing! @Elizabeth & @sonja - we *so* appreciate the hustle. We saw the effects of it all today - our biggest # of new backers ever. Could it be the start of a 7-day tsunami? thank you thank you thank you. It's been a long week of hard work and you all are re-energizing us right now. It's gonna be a big Bia weekend! Thanks @Steve. We love have you on board and (especially) love your spreading the word. @Janet Thank you. Glad to have you as one of our empowerers! @Eugene - thank you! @jennifer THANK YOU. psyched to have you on board and helping us spread the word. @Kathy Thank you for hopping on board! April can't come soon enough. We'll collect information on size/color/address for shirts on July 14th after we successfully hit our funding goal. Please keep spreading the word - we need your help to make it happen. Thx. ...and everyone, thanks so much for the excitement and spreading the word. We are hustling to get a new backer alert out today/tomorrow about two "features" we haven't talked about yet. And keep the team names coming in - we'll give a shout out to everyone in that next update. -- C2K @christi No, we don't have plans for a normal time based wake up alarm. Sorry. @Janine - we LOVE your blog. Just gave it some love in our backers update. Your impatience is a VIRTUE!! Thank you! @Kristi Eventually yes, but we are not promising it when the product first ships. We'll add it as a free (software) upgrade down the road. @Vivian. We won't finalize that until we are closer to shipping, but we are targeting between $129 - $179. @Ralf. Yes we ship internationally. For all the standard rewards it's an extra $15 shipping charge. @Paul. What a great idea. We just added it. Excited to have you on board! I'm just learning that Bia went out of business!!!!!! How do I get my money back or the product I was promised?? Got the notice that Bia goes out of business. Well, to me they never started, since I never received my Bia (nor any information when it would be shipped). Still have not received my Bia from June 2012, although I have had plenty of offers to order more. Wow, just got a very offensive eMail from Bia. "Back in stock, order now." This is like a slap in my face since I am still waiting for any info on the fulfillment of my $224 pledge from June 2012. I am always amazed that some people have no shame at all. I just got a pair of Bia here in Singapore. While i am already on Fenix 2 due to the long wait. But finally holding the watches in your hands, you realize why you supported these ladies in the first place. The Bias are really impressive to behold. I'll be using it for a test run tomorrow. Kellie did you just get the email saying if you haven't confirmed your address, you might be in the last group to get the Bia? I was in that group....so I followed the instructions in the latest update. Approaching 2 years since I paid over $200. Still no Bia. I got a confirmation email and tracking number over 3 weeks ago but it still just says that shipping info has been received - no real tracking info. My first email was answered and I was assured a "Bia would be on my wrist." Since then, radio silence - and still no Bia. Very disappointing. I know backing Kickstarter projects is a risk. I know I have no recourse. I'm very sad that I sent out the link and posted on FB and encouraged everyone I know to back this project. I backed this project from the start and expected my watch long ago but I have absolutely no idea when you are going to send my Bia to the United Kingdom. Can you update me please? Hey gals, Just received mine today. Looks like I'm the first based on the comments. Anxious to give it a whirl. Amazing how small the watch unit is when you separate the gps function. It's hard to get a sense of it in the photos. Looking forward to the added functionality in future firmware updates. One question, is there a site where I can rose a smaller strap? Looks like I have small wrists too. Long past mid-April - Is there an update coming? Haven't seen a update since Mar 27, any news yet? Thanks! Sorry if I missed it - but when are the Firefly ones supposed to ship? Thanks! I never received my watch. Can you advise delivery date? I may be confused but I thought I pledged for a watch with a shirt then upgraded for another shirt which I was going to get in a men's size for my husband? I don't recal a email for color or size? Can you confirm if that's whats my package included? Is it is possible to upgrade to a different watch if we supported the campaign on Kickstarter? Hi all - I got my shirt last week and I **love** the red color and the design but the sizing is waaay off. I received an XL, but it's still super-tiny! (ie - doesn't go all the way down to my hips.) Most size 16s have a 42 or 44 bust and are longer in the torso / wider in the shoulders. I took my shirt for a run and spent most of the run pulling it down over my navel. Is there any way to exchange it for an XXL? Puh-leez? I don't see how I can wear it. Pls let me know if there's a way to get the red in XXL (and I pray that size is longer in torso/wider in shoulders) Thanks!!! I'm not sure how to message you through this site, but I am having problems with the survey link etc. So, I really need the BIA now, my old Garmin Forerunner 305 just died! This is me now! Funny that's my moms name not mine. I'm Amanda Parr. I'm just curious. But my mom received an email requesting her to answer the option selection survey for her shirt and watch color. I never got this type of email. Talk about kicking it in to the finish. That was so fun to watch! Thanks to Swim Bike Mom for pointing it out to me, to all of my friends that spread the word and supported it, and for all of the wonderful people that backed this. Congratulations! I can't wait to be one of your testers this summer. I'm so excited!! I was out of Internet from Friday morning till now and I am absolutely amazed and excited that we hit the mark. I just realized though. If slowly waiting watching the numbers rise day by day, the eight months till I get my watch is going to suck! Can't wait. Good job guys This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. So happy about this. Congrats, and looking forward to getting/using my new watch. Wooohoooo! So, so happy!! Congratulations - I knew I should have just backed you with the package to get the watch - cause I'm getting one!! Congratulations! You ROCK! This is fantastic news to wake up to! Congratulations to you Cheryl and your partner, and to your scores of fans! Cheryl, call me re a 2012 Olympic runner I know -- you need her on your Bia team! Congrats! CONGRATS!!!! Going on a celebratory run, with my gigantic-man-watch, that I'll be happy to chuck soon . . ! Way to go! So glad Team Tough Chik led me to you! Congrats on making the goal! Can't wait to get mine and see the awesome-ness of this product in person! I agree with Andrea! As a larger woman it's nice to have a choice other then s,m,l woman's cut - plus size availability is really nice and motivating for us woman who are working on losing weight and improving our fitness :) My one request- stop assuming all the female backers want female cut shirts. Many of us are too tall, too large, etc. to wear female cut. Please don't make men's cut or unisex stuff limited editions, more expensive than female cut, or hard to get. Thanks. Yes! I've been checking on this and was getting nervous. I posted the link to all my running groups, and on Daily Mile. Can't wait to get my Bia! Congratulations on achieving your goal! Thanks DC Rainmaker for bringing attention to this project first, and then Swim Bike Mom for pushing passionately (and relentlessly!) for support. :) Congratulations ladies!!! So happy that this goal has been met - what an amazing sprint to the finish! Can't wait to see more excitement over this product when it comes out in the spring! Why, I guess triathletes DO kick! :) So happy for you both and very excited about this easy to see and operate watch, and smaller too! Whoop whoop!! Thanks to Kelly D & Swim Bike Mom for pointing out this project - looks like a great idea, and I am happy to be able to have backed it. :) So glad you reached your goal! AMAZING! you guys are gods! So proud that your goal has been met!! Hopefully my additional backing helped a little! Can't wait to receive my Bia! I'm glad I found this project! So excited! Woo hoo! Congratulations Sylvia & Cheryl! So proud to be part of this amazing group of supporters...and look forward to seeing Bia Sport fly! BIA WILL BE!!! <url>"BIA" Great Job! Cheryl and Sylvia - Simply an amazing kick to the finish line. I'm proud to be one of your 2,000 plus backers! Looking forward to staying tuned and learning at your feet. I hope you get to enjoy a well-deserved breather over the weekend!!! All the best from one of your many new fans, Jake Jacobi BIA WILL BE! Already celebrating on my blog! Join me ladies! <url>{clink of the virtual champagne glass} So so excited!!! I'm sure I drove my friends and family crazy, but it was worth it!!! Hoping I can proudly sport my Bia shirt for my August tri and do some advertising for this fantastic product! Can't wait to get it on my wrist! Congrats ladies for making your dreams a reality! WOW!!!!!!!! Nice job everyone! And CONGRADULATIONS to the whole Bia team!! I'm really excited to be a small part of your success! And thank you for sharing your vision with all of us! Time to pop that champagne the ladies were discussing earlier. Congratulations to Cheryl and Slyvia! Now to wait until April. Way to go, Bia! YEA!!!!!!!!!!! I'm so excited, you'd think it was my kickstarter project. CONGRATS!!!!! yayayayayayyayaya!!!!! Woohoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yay! I pledged in honor of Sherry & Sarah too. I really believe this product can save the lives of other solo runners. Congrats Cheryl & Sylvia! I am ridiculously happy. And excited to be getting a brand-new GPS watch next April for only $200 :) congratulations!!! love the idea of a backer band too!! I have to be quiet...I am in a stinking hotel :( :D Wooooooooo Hoooooooo!!!!! Quiet cheering!!! whoo-hoo!!!! WE. DID. IT. I am so excited to have been a part of bringing this watch to market! Sitting here crying tears of joy. I am so happy for Cheryl & Sylvia and I cannot wait to get my watch! Yay! :) Congratulations! "See" you tomorrow Meredith!!! Sleep well. Try not to have a hangover. Woo-hoo!!!!!!!! congrats!!!!!!! congrats!!!!!!! We did it!!!! Congratulations! SO FREAKING EXCITED!!! CONGRATS, CHERYL & SYLVIA!!! I must officially go to bed now. It's been great! Yay! Congratulations! Can't wait to get my watch!!! Congrats! WHAAAA HOOOO!!!!! Congrats, Ladies (and gentlemen!)!!!! I put in my extra buck...looks like I might have been a hair too late?! Haha. Awesome work. So stoked. WHOHOOOOOOOOO VIVAT!!!! Yay! Now to convince my hubby that I need one of these as my Christmas gift. congratulations!!!! Hurray!!!!! This user's account has been deleted. Congratulations! I cannot wait to purchase one of these! Yahoooooooo!!! AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!! Congrats! I upgraded twice and I suspect many others did too. Way to go backers!!!! AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! Woot! What dedication, determination, tenacity, faith! Congratulations! Awesome. I'm proud to have helped make it happen!! Fantastic!!!!!!! Yay!!! Yay!! Congratulations!! You DID IT!!!! Woohoo.! Loved the idea of the backer bands. Congrats, ladies! Way to make this project happen. I'm very excited! YES!!!!! Yay! Pop those bottles! :) Fantastic!! I'm so happy for you guys! Looking forward to April! Yes! YAY!!!! So excited to be a part of this! I absolutely cannot wait to get this watch!! Woohooo! Woooo!!!! We did it!! Awesome job to all who supported! WE DID IT!!! YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHH! Awesome!!! congrats!!! Woohoo!!! Yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (I'm surprisingly happy to be spending all this money!!) Congratulations!!!!! :) yayy!! wahooo!!!!!!1 ballloons and confetti are falling from you browser! Wooooohoooooo!!! Yay! BIA!!!! WoooHooo!! Ahhhh!! Woo hoo!! Congratulations!!! The goal is met!!!!!! Congrats everyone!!! :) Yay!!! YAYAYA!! MADE IT! YAYAYA!! MADE IT! $1.00 really? We did it! To Sherry and Sarah. To Cheryl and Sylvia. CONGRATS!!!!! Holy smokes! We're about to hit it! Congratulations on making it. 400k and 4h to go. Your passion and hard work paid off. Looking forward to my Bia in 2013. $1!!? 399,999 seriously! We're getting our BIA's!!!!!!!!!!! $1!!! 1 buck left? Really people? $1!!!! 200.00 to go!! I already upped my pledge but looked again... Less than $500!! I can stop smiling!! Finish strong, we've got this!! I'm not leaving this page until we hit 400k! WE'RE GETTING A BIA!!!! @Linda -- Jinx! Squeee! $200 left to go!! Oh, I would LOVE Balloons and confetti! I want balloons and confetti to drop from my browser window when they cross the line! ONE MORE WATCH TO GO! Will there be balloons and confetti????? Could not be more excited!!!!! Can't wait to get my new watch next April!!! This is the first project I've backed on Kickstarter. I've shared it 1000 times on FB and sent direct messages to about 40 people. I never thought I'd spend my Friday night clicking refresh to see if you made it. Good luck! Can't wait to get my Bia!!! :-) $400! I can't believe how excited I am. Cheryl and Sylvia must be over the moon!!! Almost there!!!! $500!!!! I know a lot of us are thinking of when SUAR lost Sherri just recently but there was a runner killed here in KY last month too... They are the ONLY reason I'm on board with this. I'm a new runner and have never owned a GPS watch. But feel like their lives MAY have been saved if they had a device like this. I can't wait to get mine. :-) $500!!!!!!! Me too. I run alone 99% of the time. Sherry is on my mind a lot. This is a plus to my training and peace of mind:) Thanks ladies :) So exciting!! You are going to make it!!! Less than $1K now! Less than $1k to go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) @anne but worth being tired! :) Thank you SUAR I love your blog and for telling me about the BIA! Cheryl and Sylvia - when this all started, did you think you were going to get 1984 crazed people waiting with baited breath like this? @ Sara - I'm a wanna be runner too. I'm a walk/runner that walks more than runs. Maybe one day I'll run more than walk! I'm glued to this page. Only $1.3K to go!!! Go, go, go!!! I like the special backer band idea too! Well I only walk... I can't even jog for 30 seconds yet! :) I feel like if I just count down from 10 like on New Year's Eve, it's going to say $400K + and then I'll have to scream and wake everyone!! @Sara/@SUAR - Since day 1 I have been thinking of Sherry too. That's my #1 reason to be a backer. Sara, I don't run, I waddle half marathons, but I'm a certified half fanatic, I don't set any records, but I keep moving forward..... come and join us @Sara Leland - there is no such thing as a runner wanna be!! Backer Only Wristband is soo cool! ! ! Another vote for Lynda's backers-only band suggestion! Bia Pride! I'm excited for this :) I'm not even a runner... more like a wanna be... trying to lose a lot of weight, having something like this will be fun and motivating! @Kamaile - me too!! I want to get my run done early but HAVE to see this to goal first. I began at $40 and three increases later I've topped out at $200! You go girls!! God this is like labour!! I can't wait to see you guys succeed! What an awesome job you've done. Almost there! SUAR, if you're refreshing by chance...I am thinking of no one else but Sherry and Sarah right now. Thanks BIA for creating such an amazing device. Almost there! I love @Lynda's suggestion too! Yep yep! My heart rate is getting higher the closer it gets. And I LOVE @Lynda's suggestion of a special band just for backers! I need to go to bed, running at 5:30 am, but I have to wait til I see $400,000! I love the idea of a hacker only wristband. This is so exciting!! Woo hoo, Ellen! EDGE. OF. MY. SEAT. Looks like Bia may be at my first marathon next year!! I just uped another $30 Thanks, Jill & Lynda! TGMer TourGuideMike.com a disney planning site where a relatively large group of us were lured into the running game. @Naomi - Thank goodness I'm not the only one! My 4 year old is BEGGING me to go to bed. Can I take a raincheck on tonight and save the bedtime begging for another night?? I feel like I'm watching a telethon....... DRUM ROLL PLEASE.........!!! When I pledged earlier today i didn't think I'd be getting my shirt. I think I was wrong!!! And definitely not a silly question at all! @Sara, I was wondering the same thing, so it's not a silly question! @Mark - Yeah, buddy!!!! Sara, a bunch of us here met on a website called TourGuideMike.com, for touring Disney World with no waiting in long lines. Over the years, we've kinda formed a little unofficial running club of our own. egads. My 6 year old daughter just said "mom please put me to bed!" -- pulling myself away from the refresh button to read her a couple of stories. I KNOW I'm going to miss the collective cheer when this project meets the goal! Just upgraded to the his and hers...so excited!!! Looks like I need to start signing up for 2013 races! Oh my gosh!! $3000 to go!!! That's NOTHING!!! @Mark -- GO DUDE!!!! maybe a silly question?? What is a TGMer? Cheryl, I am upping my pledge again and I am a dude!! Go Bia!! Mark It's a sickness isn't it! @Jill *laugh* "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!" Now I'm going to have to sign up for the race just because Cheryl will be there, right? *laugh* And I thought I might actually skip one... Great idea Jill! We are already popping champagne!!!! Let's go ladies!!!!! Carry these women across the finish line!!!!! I'M SO HAPPY THIS IS GOING TO HAPPEN!!! This makes me think of that old 70's shampoo commercial: And they told their friends, and they told their friends and so on and so on!(I think it was Wella Balsam) Awesome job everyone! SO exciting! Umm... I have left my kids to rot on video games while the hubs is out for a run so I can sit here and refresh, refresh, refresh... can. not. wait. to see this hit the $400k mark!!!! What will be cooler than that, TGMers, is having Cheryl there! Ladies! This is going to happen! So exciting I can't stand it!!! I'd love it if there was a band that only those of us who were backers could get, kind of like our badge of honor for being early adopters.... I'm so happy Meredith pointed the way here. Too bad we won't have our watches in time for our Disney race spring season. Great idea Meredith!! Naomi, I don't think you'll have to worry about getting to bed before 11:00 and seeing that number pop up beforehand. My prayers to St. Jude are powerful stuff and it's totally going to happen in the next half an hour! I'm in for that Jenney! I think all the TGMers need one of these! T tent with shoe pictures AND watch pictures. What could be cooler than that? I can't wait to sport a new, pink, BIA! You ladies are going to make this goal with time to spare! Absolutely, Jen! @Michelle - hahah, I've definitely teared up a little :) TGMers rock! We're gonna have a new gps for all of our fun Disney Running! We will have to meet at the T tent and get a picture! So close!! Just about 4K left! This is amazing to watch!! So exciting!!!!!!!! I keep refreshing like crazy too. The numbers go up faster than I can refresh. :) Seriously, am not going to be able to stay up much longer on the East Coast ... now it's like $2.30 per current backer that the girls need to make their goal. Would love to go to bed before 11pm EST and see that number hit $400,000. Impressive work, backers!! I am so excited right now!!! I've been refreshing like crazy ever since I pledged and that was at $166K. I might cry!! @Anna, @Michelle @Cheryl -- got it. Thanks! $279 -- done. AH! Meredith and Deb! OMG! I keep refreshing, too! This is just so exciting! Didn't realize you guys were commenting here. Totally would have joined the party earlier! Less than $6K to go!! I still have everything crossed. @Cheryl & Sylvia, You must be ready to jump out of your skin! So close and still 5 hours to go! You are going to make it!! @Naomi $279.00 @Naomi - as I read it, the $249 doesn't have a shirt, I think you'd have to go $279. The $249, is the $199 but you can choose the watch color and get the extra band. @Naomi - as I read it, the $249 doesn't have a shirt, I think you'd have to go $279. The $249, is the $199 but you can choose the watch color and get the extra band. @Debbie - Ack! It is May 2, I typed it wrong. It's the constant refreshing talking... This is so exciting. Reminds me of the early eBay days when they actually auctioned things.... Question : if I want a colored wristband with my watch, gostick and shirt .... what do I need to up my backing to? From $229 to what, $249 ??? Anyone know if there has been mention of pre-order specials? I totally want to get in on the his/her deal- but I didn't properly fund my account the $$ comes out of at midnight. @Meredith - when is your birthday??? I thought it was May 2. :) Homestretch!! So excited for this - nice job everyone!! Almost there!! I've been driving hubby nuts all day because I keep picking up my phone to refresh the page. Even during dinner... He actually said, "I wonder what would happen if you didn't refresh it for an hour. How much do you think it would go up in an hour?" Yay I'm officially a backer! I'm headed to Vineman too and obsessively refreshing! Let's hook up for a congrats hug up there because this IS going to happen! @Anne That's true! With a May 1 birthday, this could definitely be my present to myself! I hadn't thought of that! Thanks for the justification!! *laugh* $4 more by each backer and it'll be funded!! Just upped my pledge too. I @Anne it's a super late bday present for me, since my bday is next week! :-) I just upped my pledge...so close! Getting excited. I won't have it for my fist half marathon -- but would love to rock it in my second in May! I'm calling it a super early birthday present, since I'll get it in my birthday month! Twitter said I've tweeted too much today and it's been all about Bia! But the work seems to have been done. This is so freaking exciting! Keep it up ladies and gents!!! Yay!!!!! (And I'm glad that we're all obsessively refreshing together! The sooner we get there, the less likely I'll have to set my alarm to make sure we've hit it by the deadline! *laugh* ) Keep going everyone! You totally got this! Wish I had moved some money around before the banks closed so I could up my pledge... I am SO excited!! Hopefully not too early for congrats!! @leslie, I HOPE they DO have chilled champagne ready!! Just upped my amount from $199 to the HIs and Hers ... my 14 year old runner kid was super interested when I showed him the video. He'll have his own Bia now! wow! you think they have a few bottles of champagne sitting there ready? In the last 10 minutes I've upped my pledge TWICE! We're almost there! Help me get the pretty blue Bia :) Oh man! Looks like it is going to make it! I will get to be a beta tester! OK, just upped a second time to the His & Her's plus SHIRTS!! I'm excited! Wish I had the finances to up my pledge, but I maxed out on my first one. Still, pretty cool how the pledges are rolling in and very awesome how people are upping their pledges to make this happen! (now, if the 2,000 some-odd likes that haven't pledged would do so...) Upped my pledge, I am anxious with anticipation. Can't wait to see this succeed! Wow!! I am so excited. It's looking great! I've kept this page open as a tab on my home and work computer for the past week :) @ Cassie and Tiffany, I just went up to the "His and Hers" pledge!! We can do this. I really think we are going to get there! Now my husband wants a job with Bia as a PHP programmer. I got him the watch, he can deal with the job. :) Upped my pledge! I hope we make it!! This is so exciting! (Just had to say) $377,797 and every time I refresh, it goes up!! Upped my pledge - looking forward to a new PR with this on my wrist! Just posted photo of watches on Facebook and tagged every runner friend I know. Late in the UK, gotta sleep....really hoping to wake up to see $400k +! Mychele!!! You're so awesome. I want a shirt! I upped the ante! LET'S GO! Go Sonja! Get that hubby into it! I upped mine $30. I really want this watch!!! Buh-bye Garmin!! Sonja - I upped mine to "his and hers" my husband goes mountain biking....this will give ME peace of mind! Just rounded up 21 dollars. Let's do this! Okay, I am talking to my hubby. Right now, I am pledging $159. I think I am going to up to the "His and Hers" option. He is just getting back into running so I need to do some convincing. Plus he bikes a bunch and this watch would be great for him. Just upped again. Want it . . . want it . . . want it! Thanks Tiffany & Nicole - I am a $300 backer, and just signed up a second account to add another $40 (and another shirt!!). We can do this!!! @Janine - "peace of mind" was mentioned in one of their FAQs. The panic button to alert a loved one is free but there will be a charge (TBD) for sending that alert to emergency services. Janine- I believe that subscription is what makes your SOS safety alert contact emergency services. What's the "peace of mind subscription"? Upped mine by $59 and emailed 2 friends. Too close to let this die!!! Go go go Cheryl and Sylvia! Cheryl & Sylvia -- All the best in getting to the finish line with time to spare! Good thoughts to you both. Jake Jacobi We've got nearly $10k in one hour. KEEP IT UP! Hope we make it. Love this watch! Upped mine by $31. Fingers crossed.... Just upped my pledge! We can do this. Run, run, run...let's get BIA to the finish! I'm a single mom on a limited budget and I've increased my pleadge today TWICE! It's not often you 'donate' money and KNOW without a shadow of a doubt it's a four star product! OMG, my wrist is tingling in anticipation!! Just changed my pledge from 229 to 279! Go Bia! I just got Cheryl's message, and I upped my pledge again. Come on everyone! Just a bit more from each of us, and Bia will have their funding! This can be done! Getting an early birthday gift for myself. Just backed :) Changed my pledget from $99 to $229.... You're almost to the finish line! I'm cheering you on!!!!!!!!! Doubled my pledge to get his and hers! Let's bring it home!!! @Frances - which option adds a watchband for $20? I was going to do the same thing when rounding up but I can't see one that does that. OK... one more time I updated my rewards, I was going to round up but then I just added a watch band for $20... .... refreshing refreshing and another shout out... Time marker: 7 hours to go. 1,799 Backers, $361 total. Let's blow this out of the water! Hopefully, I updated my pledge and the projected is funded. Upped my pledge too! I just upped my pledge! Had to talk to the other half about it, he liked the product and told me to go for it so that WHEN it comes out, I'm getting a watch! Ok, I've added another band, and posted a million facebook posts. Off to grab dinner quick, then refreshing until I see we've made it! Obsessively refreshing...I upgraded my pledge one more time (cause I gotta have a cute band to switch out AND a shirt!) And I rounded up too...and now I'm stalking friends fb pages. So close! Don't loose momentum! Keep asking specific friends. Okay...I am officially a backer!! Now, I need this to happen! I want this device! Added in one as a gift for my mom!! I upped my pledge again, and rounded up to the nearest 10. C'mon, everybody! Got #2!!!!!! The husband got on board! Can't have him running around with my watch, can I? This is so exciting! Alright, I went up to the next level (again). A few commenters below had a great idea about rounding your pledge. If you can't swing the next backer level, just round up by $1 or $5! I got one friend to back it...working on my 2nd right now. This CANNOT die! I will cry! If all 1,756 chipped in another $26.26 we could be done refreshing and onto popping champagne! - bored in accounting I'm also clicking refresh more than one probably should! I am obsessed with "refresh" . . . This is total. Matches are already reflected. Is this total with or without matches? i upped my pledge & reposted too, hope it gets funded!! a really long overdue product. :) No Problem, Kristi! I know there's so many people on here, so much wonderful discussion, that little tidbits can get buried. Please! Please make it! I upped mine by $100 today. oh sweeet! Thanks @Rebecca..... so many posts I didnt go thru them all ! THE COUNT DOWN BEGINS! $50k to go at 10 hours left. I am STILL reaching out individually to friends. Are you doing the same? Please. Don't. Stop. @Kristi, It has been said (somewhere in all these posts) that the his and hers can be adapted to a hers and hers. I"m spreading the word!!! Maybe a hers and hers package? or his and his? My hubby isnt a runner, but I have some runner girls in the family I'd love to gift a shirt and a bia if there were a hers+hers+ shirt pkg! Ok, upped my pledge from $199 to $249! (just don't tell my hubby,lol...)Would love a cool print band! I've reached out to all my running clubs too. Keep this momentum going! :) I've upped my pledge by $15 to cover shipping cost to Canada. If others are in the same boat or international, maybe you can do the same and we can help reach the $400,000 goal! Upped mine so I get a shirt, too. Damn...look at the ingredients in the pack of gum. <url>"just a little more". Can I encourage all the other great backers to "round up" their pledges? Consider it a "tip" for a fantastic design in forward-thinking! If you've pledged in the "$1 or more", what would it take to get you to pledge in the "$20 or more"? Ok, I thought you did because the 159 come with a shirt. Thanks! @Nicole, the 229 pledge is the 199 pledge with a shirt, so I don't think you do unless you up it to the 229 option. Do you get a shirt with the $199 pledge. That is the one I selected and I hope that your goal is reached. I am very excited about this watch. Nicole runningwhilemommy.blogspot.com My BF just got in on this now too! We're gonna hit $300k before i finish lunch! Are the matching $$ included in the total amount shown here? Just upped my pledge! I think I'll also gift a pledge to my mom. We can DO THIS!! Cheryl & Sylvia -- You are amazing and inspirational! Am definitely upping my pledge. Wish you all the best in your final 42 HOURS. Just started the second week on our V-ZA-V Watch project and would love to get Social Media pointers (but I know you're a little busy at the moment. Jake Jacobi + the V-ZA-V Team @biasport I've been an update junkie today. When will the matching pledges be posted? Looks like you hit $35k for the day so you'll get that extra $10k right?! If @biasport can convince the slower "go with the flow" 1/2 of @twinsrun to back a GPS Sports Watch, it's got to be amazing! :-) <url>"for the guys" pledge, but I'm pretty sure my wife will want me to share this one. Either one of our 1BandIDs will look great on it. Trying to get the word out... cannot wait to get mine. Pledged yesterday, and wish that the match was retroactive!! I hope it happens too! I love that I can swim, bike or run while wearing it AND I love the simplicity. I sent emails to friends today and just sent another one to a bunch of fellow runners/swimmers and bikers. GOOD LUCK!!! I hope you this happens! This watch looks like it rocks! I would love, love, LOVE to ditch my chunky garmin for this! Keeping my fingers crossed! :) @Cheryl - I was thinking of doing Goofy........I was debating it in April.........but training for that seriously will wreck snowboarding season. :( This user's account has been deleted. this works on right wrists for lefties, right? so cool. Good LUCK!!!! @ Rebecca - Thanks, fellow teammate! :) @Cheryl - I'm running the WDW Marathon - it's my first of that distance after 3 half marathons. See you there! My DH will be a Goofy runner, but I haven't convinced him of the His & Hers pledge yet. Welcome on board, Nicole! I'm in for the $199 level. I hope this gets funded and that my current GPS watch lasts until April! I'm part of a few Run Disney teams and have spread the word there. This watch looks so great! PLEASE consider backing this project! I can think of SO MANY uses for a watch with a GPS-based panic button. If you are a parent, you can too! If you are a person who lives/walks/runs/shops/travels alone, you will want this watch, so let's make sure it gets fully funded! PLEASE pass this on...time is running out!!! (But I can't because I have no running partner and it's almost dark) My workhorse little Timex broke this wknd and was JUST getting online to start researching wireless GPS G----- when someone in my twitter feed posted your link. So happy to support; thank YOU for such a great product! Just backed at the $249 level... count me in for team TOUGH CHIK! woot!! my ultra running friend just posted this bad boy to his 400+ ppl FB group New Leaf Ultra Runs. hoping it sends more backers your way! upped my pledge as well. Yes, 2 more friends-- no problem! I'll try and double that to 4. Consider it done! Lila and I are pulling for you Cheryl! Decided it was time to put my money where my mouth is! I toyed around a lot because I can't afford the watch right now but every little bit helps, especially when the pledge is matched! I really hope this product makes it! i went ahead and upped my pledge. I am very much hoping to see some higher numbers!! Upped my pledge to $279... let's do this! Yay we broke 200K! I upped my pledge to $279! Just upped my pledge! I had to contribute something even though I know it isn't much - this looks great! I just use my phone's runkeeper app right now (and I carry my phone in my hand, not comfortable at all!) but I am certainly interested in purchasing this next year. Best of luck, I shared the link on Twitter and re-Pinned you on pinterest! That just went up almost 10 K in the last 5-10 minutes. Way to go! Go Bia! Awesome Cheryl! If you do the WDW Marathon and the Tinkerbell, you'll automatically get the Coast to Coast! You've got that one made! If you want to go Goofy, just sign up for the Half the day before the WDW Marathon and you've got that one too. That would be a BUSY week, but lots of runDisney people will be doing it with you! *laugh* Can't wait to see you out there Cheryl! Doing Goofy myself. If someone else does 1800 and asks for the Half you might end up having to go Goofy! Sounds brutal but fun at the same time! I just sent another shout out to the male athletes... Runners bikers... Swimmers.... in my world.... Wow 6 more pledges today.... I'm crossing my fingers and typing away to spread the word...on the East Coast.... Good luck ladies. I will be wearing my Bia shirt in the Stow VT 8 miler.. this weekend... I hope it's to celebrate !!! I'm going to up my pledge so I can get another shirt in pink.... :). fMB Upped my pledge... couldn't pass on the match. I upped my pledge - great news about the match!! I just put a plug out to my local running clubs - <url>"one of the guys" but I like my electronics lighter and without compromising the important features. I've used varous GPS units since '97 and I like the two piece design. It's allows the gps antenna to be placed in a clearer spot, and still allows you to see the display. Incorporating the SPOT messenger style emergency location feature is what really got me, as I usually run alone. I have not seen these two main features in such a small sports device (till now!). Do I dare paraphrase the old commercial? "Made for women yes, but men like it too!". Good luck to you and your team! SO excited about this watch! I have wanted a GPS watch since my husband got a Gar*** a couple of years ago, but I haven't been happy with ANYTHING out there that I've seen. Will be spreading the word so that hopefully you'll have MORE BACKERS! I have emailed tons of friends and relatives about the Bia sports watch. I even have my hubby sending this link to co-workers. Bring on the backers! I so want this watch!! I increased my backing amount the other day so I get the t-shirt. I'm so excited about this watch! I blogged about it, hopefully that will help to get more backing <url>~ Sweat Pink Ambassadors want a custom designed band on this watch! This user's account has been deleted. Good luck with your project! I hope you get the funding. I funded $40, I would like a small tech shirt. Thank you! Can hardly wait to April for a Bia Watch! Love Run-Walk! Since I'm a walker it will help me pick up the pace! Run-Walk.....what I have been trying to find for years!! THANK YOU for delivering my workout DREAM!!! Will there be an alarm for wake up/time setting? Thanks!! I'm so excited about Bia!!! I'm a full time working mom, distance runner, and recreational triathlete! This is exactly what This multitasking Mamma has been waiting for!!! I want this for my birthday, guys! Encourage others to back Bia! <url>"million dollar idea" and I am loving that you are going for it! Will cheer when my card is charged! Check out my blog about being a Bia Backer! <url>