Hi Carson, of course! Just send the large clamp back and I'll send you a small one. You can contact us anytime at <email>. Hi everyone, it's so nice to see how many great comments there are on people who received their lights. It looks like we've had a few problems I need to address. There have been a few cases of lights getting lost in the mail. Josh (below) is based in Dubai and has already had 2 lights lost in the mail. This has only happened with international orders. I got a note from a backer just yesterday that he finally received his light after it spent 6 weeks (!) in shipping. If you suspect this is your problem, you should call your customs office, it is probably tied up there. Sadly we cannot be held accountable for lights lost in foreign customs offices. We will do all we can to provide you with tracking information but often it is not helpful. All our lights are shipped USPS Priority Mail, and we have all your tracking numbers available. Just let me know if you want one at: <email>. Hi Everyone, we're waiting for the shipping to be completed to post another update, but I can quickly address the shipping: All domestic orders have shipped except for people who ordered more than one (those are boxed and waiting for pickup tomorrow) or people who did not know their seatpost size. We're labeling and boxing international orders today and they'll ship tomorrow and thursday. I hope you like 'em! Hi Kevin, good question. There is no proximity sensor, but what we're taking advantage of is the reflected light off your hand and the sensitivity of the light sensor. If we can figure out a way to make it lock-out the light we will on the next version as that has been a request of many. This is an issue that we're taking seriously. Thanks again! Hi guys, just wanted to leave a note here apologizing for the slow updates. We are cranking at the factory here (producing 1500 bike lights ourselves has been fun, but not easy, and it requires all of our time and energy). We are focused primarily on getting this out as soon as possible, and I'm sorry if it's meant for some slow communication. The best way to reach us is at <email>. I will respond to kickstarter messages eventually but if you have to reach me this is the quickest way. For the record, the lights are turning out really really great. I cannot wait for you to see them! Hi Everyone, let me cover a few of these questions: We'll collect your seat post size after the kickstarter campaign is over with a quick survey that will also gather your address. Lumens should be around 60 but it's hard to say if we're calculating it correctly. Both LED's are rated for 7500mcd (millicandella) if that is more helpful, as candela's are a better measurement of how bright something looks to your eye. As for if the bike is on your car at night: we are working on that issue. It's possible we will include a 'lockout' switch on the inside of the light body. We'll let you know when we decide. Thanks everyone! Hi Everyone! Thanks so much for all your amazing support thus far. We're funded as of monday but we can still make plenty more of these! Keep the support coming! To answer of a few of these comment questions: The Socket cap screws on my prototype have not worn even a little bit since I've been riding around with it now for a few months, taking it on and off to show to people, etc. They're high quality cap screws and don't need to be super tightened down for a waterproof seal. If you are still worried though, I'd consider pledging for the Torx screw option which will be harder to round over. I'm happy to answer any and all questions. Messaging is a good way to get more personal answers, I'm responding to all messages as quickly as I can! Thanks again everyone. Ben I have a bike rack with bag on the bike, so the bag blocks the view of the light. Has anyone 3D printed a replacement back that will attach to the license plate holder on the bike rack? Dear B&S, I have the same issue as Richard below...and I am also still waiting for my unit to be replaced since October!!! No response at all to emails, phone calls and finally, no returned unit. Looking forward to hearing from you soon. Cheers! Bst rgds from Germany, Marco Dear Blink Steady, I received my light and was very happy, but it does have an issue which you promised to resolve. I shipped my unit back to you, but have heard nothing since. No response to multiple emails, no response to messages on your Facebook page, and no returned light. I'm starting to wonder whether I'll ever get my light back again... Hope to hear from you soon, Rich Hi, I have not received my light. Can you confirm that it was sent? Kind regards Gerrie I accidentally got one too big can I return mine for the thinner one? Ben, I am glad to inform you that the saga i over. I have received, and very much like, my Blink Steady light. I'm sorry it took so much drama to get it done, but it is done. I appreciate your help. Josh As I have informed you, multiple times. I pledged to support your project at the highest level available, and you treat me like this? I will not let it go. I will file complaints in every venue available to me. And if that doesn't work, I will take you to court. I realize its "only" $250, but I will not be treated as you are treating me. My light is not stuck in customs, as you are trying to imply. It was shipped using a USPS method which is intended for a letter, not a package, and as such, was returned to sender by Emirates Post. Ben, if you look at my profile, <url>´s test it! Received mine today, 10th october. Woryh the wait: it is beautiful! Got mines yesterday on Monday 08th/Oct/2012 in Austria/Europe... It was declaired as a gift and worth just 10$ - so it was toll free... good idea to declare it that way! [in Austria you pay toll at approximately 65€ ~ 85$ worth of the product including sending costs; and you would pay another 12,5€ ~ 16,3$ for the Austrian Post to thrust out the toll -- quite expensive non "EU"-post ;-) ] thanks. already shared a picture at flickr (<url>"...when we're ready to ship the final product, you'll be the first to get one." I guess not really, though, If mine will be among the last to ship. What exactly did I do this beta thing for? Got mine yesterday,excellent job guys, just in time too for the early morning rides 10 days since the update that shipping was started. Can we get some feedback about where we are in the process? Has everything shipped? Got mine today, they really came out nice, Looking forward to going for a ride. Nice job guys. Received my light this weekend. Haven't had the chance to give it a try yet. Just letting folks know about delivery. Congratulatoons on shipping! I can not wait to receive mine :) I was wondering, can the proximity sensor shut off be used as a lock out of sorts when transporting a bike by car/bus/ etc? In May it was hinted that a solution to keeping the light off while mounted on a moving car was being worked on; now that we're fully in shipping, was anything implemented? Received the newly shipped beta light today. No idea where the original went, but the new one is here, looks great, and works perfect. Thanks, Ben. The correct size is 27.2, should have put that in there.. Hey, I got a request for more information some time back and at the time I didnt know the size of the bike's seat post. I'd like to update that now, where do I go? Well, we're through July. I hope to see a good update regarding shipping of the final products... I received an email from the guys at blink steady this morning, which confirmed they intend to replace the missing beta light they mailed over 6 weeks ago now. I'm still not happy with their response time, but at least they are not ignoring it any more. I still have not received racking data for either the new or the original light. I'm looking forward to seeing the actual product... Since I've posted all the negative stuff wit them, it only seems fair to post when I get a positive response as well. Once again, I was promised tracking information for my beta light, and it has not been forthcoming. It shipped 6 weeks ago, but I have not received it, and you are not very interested in helping to sort out the issue. Really, really disappointing. Please contact me with tracking information, as soon as possible. For the record, it's been a week since you promised the tracking information to me "tomorrow", and neither of my emails have received any response since. Apparently, I'm one of the international Beta testers that haven't received my light. Doesn't explain why I can't get them to reply to a message, though. And that 5 week delay would go easier, if I knew the product was shipped, and if they didn't ignore us in the mean time. I asked for tracking info, and can't even get a reply message. What is going on here? Could you please send us some news? Last one was a month ago and it seems that not even the beta ones were delivered... @David, they're not real good at communication... Last we heard, beta lights should have shipped 4 weeks ago. But they haven't. And we should be seeing complete ship out in less than 10 days. I've sent several messages, with no response. I'm starting to wonder if this is real. Sent in my survey, as of now I have not received any communication. Whats up? Are we on track for the end of July delivery? It's halfway through the month, and I've not seen a hint of my "beta" "We'll ship as soon as we're funded" set. What's going on? A bit of communication would be nice. just got a saddle bag which blocks out the entire seatpost of my bike, so I can either mount the light or the bag :( how about a saddle rail mount? something like what cateye has <url>"both" option? Or will I be able to purchase another seat post adapter separately after the kickstarter? When you ship them, will a tracking number be possible? Any word on shipping for the prototypes? will a lockout switch on the inside be too hard to get to considering you need a 2mm allen to open it? how well could the accelerometer detect lateral movement when a car is cruising at a steady speed? if it's possible, that would be amazing. Great light! Can't the accelerometer be used to determine whether the bike is moving forward, vs being on a car? I would like to increase my pledge to include 1 more light. Can you please tell me how I can do this? Thanks. I just backed this project but forgot to select my colour choice.. How do I now make this selection. Please help.. Blink, Do you need my seat post size? and I didn't see where to choose the finish. Thx. Hello, i would like to ask the same questions as "Henry Madej"... do you know the lumens produced by the light (ANSI Lumen or OTF...)? i allready know that the led will die after me so i'm more concerned about the light power ;) How is the visibility in fog? What longevity can we expect out of the LEDs used? Is there any warranty with this device, and will it be possible to buy replacement boards? Will the light be on while I'm carrying my bike in my car, driving? Any way to turn it off? I'm glad you go your money. Our just finished successful recently. I can't wait to get this lite! Also 2mm hex head bolts are likely to round out within a couple of uses. Is there any possibility of using slightly larger ones? Is it possible for these lights to incorporate a test battery switch so that it is possible to check whether the batteries are still good before out riding in the dark? If I say wanted to get three lights how could I go about making my pledge reflect that? This looks great, especially with the added security Torx option. (Although I will STILL probably inject silicone into the heads :D ) +1 for security allen bolt as descibed by Skylar Great looking light! Would you consider switching out the screws to something non-standard for added security? I, like many people, carry a multi-tool when I bike, thus I always have a 2mm allen on hand. A less common tool would strengthen one of the key selling points of the product - security. Maybe you could offer this as a "high-security" sponsor option that adds the 2 screws w/ tool? It's less likely that other BlinkSteady owners would steal from each other than anyone w/ a 2mm allen in their backpack. This is absolutely brilliant! Any plans for a similarly good quality head light for bikes? Good idea guys, this projects is simply the highest quality light for a bike I've could ever imagined.