Daniel! Very happy you enjoyed the film. Sorry to hear about your DVD troubles. I'm a bit scattered now, trying to prepare my latest film for it's upcoming premiere, but I want to help! Do you have Paypal? I'd be happy to reimburse you for a non region locked DVD. I hope you understand the very modest roots of our film and that the DVDs were manufactured by our US distributor. Our campaign was to solicit support for our art, which turned into commerce- we certainly tried our best but will never hold a candle to Amazon.com! Let me know and I'll try to remedy this- but please be patient as I'm off to the sound mix and I've got a thousand things to finish! Ryan! Guitars are going out this week, too, with the rest of the stuff. (They will be packaged separately, however.) Apologies, Glenn! Had some trouble with the t-shirt delivery, but your things are en route to you now! David, You are a true gentleman. There is absolutely no need at all to apologize but, since you did, we want you to know there are no hard feelings whatsoever. Hugs and high fives: we're all good. This has been a great learning experience for us and, if we could do it all over again, we would account for the (slim, so very slim) possibility that we might win "The Indie Movie Lottery" and have a full year unexpectedly dominated by promotion, travel, contracts, negotiations, and the seemingly endless technical finishing work. If we could have anticipated what was in store for the movie, we would have adjusted our rewards schedule accordingly and given you a more accurate idea of what to expect. But since we didn't know what was in store, and since our rewards schedule did get blasted to pieces, we sincerely appreciate your understanding and patience. And we mean that for every single one of our Kickstarter supporters. Posters and t-shirts and comic books aside, we hope that the real reward for our supporters is feeling like you bet on a winning horse and, even more importantly, that you enjoy the movie when you see it. Whether you gave $5 or $35 or $100, you are a part of this movie's (surreal and even embarrassing) success. If you got a little miffed because the rewards were delayed, we totally understand that and we apologize again but, ironically, it was your initial faith in this project that helped to shape that success, which temporarily diverted the delivery of the rewards! *cue 'Circle of Life' from The Lion King* Thank you again for everything, David and everyone else who may be reading this. We are forever grateful to you, we hope you enjoy the rewards as they begin to arrive, and we hope that you feel proud when you see the movie's end credits start to scroll. best, Jeremy & The BR Team Thanks for the kind words! Our short term goal is to raise $35K to make this film a reality- our long term goal is to do y'all proud! - Jeremy Fair enough. I must admit I did not expect a reply, so kudos for that. I'll send my paypal address through the message system. thanks for hearing me out and best of luck. finally got the time to watch the dvd. Great movie, but there was one thing that, in all honesty, totally pissed me off: The DVD itself. Why, oh why, is it region locked? I had to spend one of the limited region changes on my laptop just to be able to watch the movie (which will become 2 changes when I revert it back to my own region). Not only is this extremely limiting for my ability to actually watch the movie in the future, but I find it somewhat arrogant to send us-locked dvd's to 'international' backers. It actually made that I will never again support a kickstarter for a movie in the future, since I know now that I might risk getting sent movies from a different region if I do. Totally disapointed in your handling of the dvd itself, despite the movie being good. Got the Tshirt, poster and book in a giant triangular box reminiscent of a huge Toblerone! Thanks! Awesome! I can't wait. Thanks Jeremy! Heh, don't send them with United :) (they are not going to live that youtube down) <url>"suggested" with an undue level of arrogance that "you'd better make this up to the backers in some way." "After all," I thought "I've helped this project succeed and I'm ENTITLED to the reward I was promised!" I was upset. So why am I posting this seven months later? Recently, another company I backed on kickstarter was bought out for $2 billion dollars - and I was happy for them. This was great! They could now build the product they'd dreamed of building and ship it to begin a technological revolution that would mark the 21st century in the history books! "But... why are so many people angry about this?" I wondered. "Isn't this what we wanted? For the company to succeed beyond our wildest dreams? It's not like we *OWN* a part of their success, they did all the work after all and we got the products we paid for. We don't have any claim on the soul of their vision, we're just along for the ride." And it was in that moment that my mind reminded me (with the strength of a hammer blow) of a strain of hypocrisy within me. Hadn't I done the exact same thing with Blue Ruin? Yes, I had. In the moment of someone else's pinnacle of success I decided to remind them that they *OWED* me a part of that identity - because I chipped in a measly $35 bucks. The shame of that realisation made my stomach drop with regret that I could have said something so stupid - and worse that someone might take what I said seriously. I lost sight of what a pledge means. It is a vote of confidence, a gift to a dreamer ready and willing to make it real and not a receipt claim-check on the rewards they reap. I made that blunder publicly, so publicly I say: I am sorry - I did a very foolish and selfish thing. Perhaps you think I'm over-reacting, perhaps you'll never even see this message and perhaps if you do it will mean nothing to you - but regardless of that in the space of seven months I have grown acutely more aware of how rare it is for us to find our Icarus moments and how wonderful it should be to live in those tiny moments of joy. Never again in my life do I want to even attempt to rob someone of that fulfilment and I think that today the realisation of my hubris has ensured that. Sincerely, David. Where's my junk? Drag Macon out of his cave and have him sign a hammer or something for me. Really looking forward to seeing this at Art House Convergence :) So, any updates post-TWC purchase? "Jeremy Saulnier’s Blue Rain has won the FIPRESCI (International Federation of Film Critics) prize for sidebars in Cannes." ...... I read this today ... CONGRATULATIONS Jeremy!!! Good job going to Cannes, but I came here to share this bit of serendipity: <url>