Arvinder... If I try to put an estimation out right now it's going to be based on very very little information, and will likely be wrong. Then everyone is going to jump on me for a wrong estimation. Matthew... There were definitely other options for engineering but I opted for the best with the intent of developing the best product possible. Also, the mechanical engineering is far more complex that you might think. Not something a summer intern could reliably pull off. Tan... I have you on the list now. Francis... All valid criticisms. I think most Kickstarter creators tend to fall into the trap of being overly optimistic in their development estimations. I've clearly been guilty of that. I also think, though, that the length of the delays are somewhat related to the complexity of the product. The Pebble guys took over a year to get their product to market (even with $10M in the bank). I've had a couple of other product development friends that have had similar delays. I've seen even simpler products that took over a year to deliver. So, while a 5 month delay is annoying, it's certainly not outside the normal bounds of KS projects. In terms of being ready to ship a product that with a known problem. You're right. I was about to do that, but what you don't know is that there were a number of avenues that I was ready to take to address that. Please don't assume that I would have just shipped a bad product and ignored it. That's not how I operate. You would be incorrect to say that the issue is related to body parts blocking the signal. The problem is a function of the signal integrity which is diminished by other components in the vicinity of the antenna. The improved signal strength from the new module will improve the functionality of the product. We are definitely not going to get the sort of range the module can get when mounted in an ideal configuration. I don't yet know exactly how much improvement there will be. I do know that there will be an improvement, and I believe it will be a fairly significant improvement. Please remember, I didn't give the product an F for range. I'm using the current product every day and I'm not having huge issues. But the issue it is having is an important one to solve for this to be a market worthy product. Dragan... I, too, wish this wasn't 4 months late. But considering this is my first consumer electronics product, and having watched a lot of other Kickstarter projects, I think we're not doing too bad. Kickstarter is unique in that YOU, as a backer, actually get a sense of what it takes to put out a product. Normally what consumers see is, first a few rumors here and there on the internet (maybe), and then one day a finished product pops up on the market. That's a pretty painless experience. The reason I'm doing the weekly updates is less about transparency and more about... for a lack of a better word... entertainment. I want backers to share in the experience. That experience is sometimes fun and sometimes frustrating. Right now we're going through a frustrating phase as I'm trying to get this launched. Ultimately everyone wants a finished product. But you also want it to be right. As frustrating as it is at the moment, I'm trying to make sure it's right. And believe me, my frustration is about 1,543 times larger than anyone else's. ;-) Theerasak... I'm making everything as clear as I can. You know about as much as I do at this point. I've received everyone's special requests and I have them in a spreadsheet. There are around 100 or so. Maysio and Luigi... That would be a yes. Arnd... This sounds like an interesting idea. The one challenge I think would be space. This is a very small device. Even the microUSB and the audio jack are HUGE components relative to the size of the board. Seems like this might be a feature that would be better to accomplish as an app on the phone. Not sure, though. James... Getting very close to the start of shipping. But I don't think NFC is going to replace Bluetooth. They have completely different applications. NFC is used at distances of a few centimeters, whereas BT is intended for distances of ~10 meters (class 2). You're more likely to find both BT and NFC, combined, on more devices. Although Apple seems to be holding off, as far as I can tell, maybe to leapfrog NFC for other technology that performs the same functions. Ron... After finding out that the iPhone doesn't support AptX, I'm trying to do some more research on AptX. Apple accomplishes the same thing through AAC and A2DP. AptX is easy to implement since it's built into the Bluegiga WT32 module. I just have to purchase the license at, I think, $1-$2 per unit, which is pretty steep... especially considering it's not going to be utilized on a large number units. I do have a particular advantage in this situation since I'm producing domestically. It adds complexity but I can create a variation of the product that is AptX enabled for non-iPhone users. Any feedback from your end would be helpful. Ken... Interesting idea. The challenge there is, that also requires cutting a new button-only mold. Sarang... Yes, Elroy can be used while charging. I think I have this already added to the FAQ on the meetelroy.com website, but not to the Kickstarter FAQ. Thanks Marie! M-A... Should have a final pre-production unit to show on Wednesday. David... Doing that very thing this moment. :-) Vinit... If you have a Paypal account I should be able to send a $10 credit to you that way. Just remember, the credit will be issued Dec 1. Tan... You can try this link and see if it works for you... <url>"Ending Soon" section. We're cutting it close but we're already seeing good momentum. I'm holding out confidence we're going to make it. Hang in there. Mike... That might be something we try in a later version. Right now pushing the earbuds further into the base unit would make things too tight, and we wouldn't have as much room for the battery. It's going to be pretty jam packed inside there as it is. :-) You got it right, Jason. After the funding is finished we'll send out a survey and that's where you can select which rewards you want to receive. Marie... I'll see if I can find a way to build that into the KS survey somehow. If that doesn't work I'll take your suggestion and use Surveymonkey. Thanks! Ben... That's a good thought. We've not yet sent out any surveys. I'll be very curious to see the breakdown on people choosing white and black. That said, I'm going to push very hard to get both, as I think that's the preferred outcome. Just have to make it happen. That should be ***sound*** not "should." Eli... The earbuds are still in the development phase but they should be fine with sweat. They are ear canal style earbuds that seal and block ambient should. Some backers have been requesting that we make sure they are compatible with Comply foam earbud tips, and that's something we're also working on as we continue to develop these. Gabriel... That's a very good question, and that's one issue I'm trying to work through as I budget the final development phase. The earbud manufacturer's minimum order quantity is 3000 units per style, per color. So, to do both black and white earbuds I have to order 6000 units, for some ~1600 Kickstarter orders. I'm going to try to work out something with the factory to see if I can bring that number down, or find a way to justify the larger order based on orders that follow the product launch. Worst case, we'll only have black at launch time. But know I'm trying to work it out so we can have both black and white earbuds at launch. Jean... In a word. Yes. It's a little early to say exactly what discount, but I definitely consider all KS backers to be forever in a special class of their own. That's going to come with special deals for you guys, for sure. Sam... Thanks for that suggestion. I will inquire with the engineer on NFC and also do a little more research on my own. Because of the conditional nature of Elroy's operations (i.e., buttons do one thing when earbuds are attached, other things when earbuds are detached, etc) we're looking at building custom firmware into the Bluegiga module. Possibly we can dovetail NFC in there too, depending on cost and complexity. Sarang... I'll answer your questions here as best I can. Bear in mind, though, this is not a finished product yet. We are still in the development phase and are actually working to make some design changes in order to accommodate backer comments. 1) At this point, I need to keep this aspect under wraps due to patent reasons. Eventually I'm going to have competitors knocking this off, blatantly infringing on the patent before we get through the review process with the USPTO. So, I'd rather not publicly let the cat out of the bag right now. I hope you understand. 1a) Since the attachment will be on the cord for third party earbuds I don't think they are going to hold up to quite a vigorous of a shaking. But I'm confident they'll still hold very securely. They're tiny little magnets but neodymium magnets are almost magical. 1b) You bring up a good point here. I have two different designs I've been working on. One permanent and one changeable. The downside to the changeable one would be they would only fit ons size of cord. The downside to the permanent one is, customers need to order one per set of earbuds they own. 2a) We need to get to that phase of testing before I can answer that question. But since you bring it up, it will definitely be on my radar now. 2b) Same here. We are not to that point in the testing. But now it's on the radar. 2c) It's my understanding that the "7 devices" for Multipoint are devices that are "standby" rather than actual simultaneous connections. I don't think you actually want to have that many simultaneous connections, anyway. I believe it's possible to have more than one simultaneous connection with Multipoint but, it seems to me, the greater usefulness of this is to just be able to easily pick up a new connection on a device. Such as: You're listening to music through your iPad when a phone call comes in. You just want to be able to answer the phone call with a simple click, rather than having to go through any separate manual Bluetooth disconnecting and re-pairing process. 3) Using Elroy while charging is still not answered. It's an important aspect, and I'll find out something on that as soon as I can. Lot's of balls in the air at the moment. :-) We have a lot of stuff planned for Monday and Tuesday. We're gonna put in our best effort, and I think we'll make it. Gabriel.... Thanks, gotcha. Yes, we will include the small magnetic cord attachments so that you can magnetically attach other earbuds to the docks on the Elroy unit. Johan... I'm just now working on the sound driver details with the manufacturer, so more details to come on that front. Suffice to say, we're going to add the best quality we can while keeping the unit cost effective. But, not long after launch we will be offering a variety of earbuds with different styles, sound quality and price points. Marie-Andree... Yes, that's exactly how it will work. You just have to have your pledge set for the total that will cover all the add-ons that you plan to select. Dallas... Now there's an idea! David... As I understand it, just streaming music should be something close to double the talk time, since talk time requires both transmitting and receiving, and streaming music is only receiving. We're hoping to get at least a 150mAh battery inside Elroy. The Fuel Microcharger has a 220mAh battery, so that would be a huge boost. And that thing is so tiny! You'll hardly notice it in your pocket. I forgot to ask about listening while charging. On the freq response chart, we're still choosing the sound driver so I'll have to get back to you on that later. Eduardo... I'm not sure what you mean by the add-on clips. The Elroy uses a standard 3.5mm jack, so you can plug in any other headphones you like. Shadow... The base Elroy unit will come with the Elroy bluetooth unit, a set of shorty cord earbuds, a short USB charger cord, a full range of earbud tip sizes and an EVA travel case (once we beat our $150k stretch goal). Adam... Ah! That's a great idea. So simple. Satsawat... That is exactly what you do. You got it. :-) Good thoughts, Matt. I'm actually really excited for all the variations of earbuds we can offer later. I'm also hoping to work toward licensing the docking system to other earbud companies, but that's going to take some time too. Nicander... Rule #1 for good customer service: There are no stupid questions. :-) Using Elroy with Skype is actually a matter of your computer rather than Skype. If your computer is bluetooth equipped then you should be able to pair and hear what ever sounds would otherwise be coming through your standard headset. You might have to configure your computer in some manner to use bluetooth as your audio out. Jo... The clip is actually quite sturdy. If it were to break you should just contact us and we'll be sure to take care of you. With regards to magnets, I was just talking to our engineer about that issue today. We have to be careful with the magnetic fields we're setting up and how they interact with the electronics. A magnet that would be strong enough to hold the Elroy would likely cause a lot of interference with the bluetooth signal. What we're being careful to do with the docking points is to keep the small magnets we're using well away from the components that can be affected by their magnetic fields. Though, these are small so it's easier to manage that arrangement. Michael... Thanks! You know, it's interesting because, watching a lot of other Kickstarter projects, that is exactly something I took note of. When you don't communicate people get very frustrated. It's always a balance between annoying people by talking too much but still making sure to stay engaged with everyone. Trying to make sure to strike the right balance. Maxim... Noise canceling capability is built into the Bluegiga module. We're working on the exact specs for everything now. There are a number of updated aspects that we're taking into consideration based on backer responses. Expect to hear more detailed information soon. Marcus... That's a great idea. We'll definitely look into seeing if we can get this added feature designed into the earbuds. Greg... This is a quirk of Kickstarter's rules. They don't allow us to create rewards with multiple items. But if you just double your pledge we'll make sure you get two Elroy's. This is how everyone running Kickstarters is managing this issue, as I understand it. Ben... I have. I even have a supplier for the material. I was hoping to get through the initial launch before starting to bring on additional wood veneers. There's kind of a lot on my plate just making sure we have a great product launch. Gabriel... You will definitely be able to feel the wood texture. We will add a coating to protect it from things splashing or spilling on it but it won't be so thick that you lose the wood texture. Nicander... Color choices will be black and white, and styles will be Diamond, Perf and Oak. The style refers to the faceplate material/pattern. Kevin... Have you seen how many colors of duct tape there are these days? =-) Hmmm... Duck tape. Think of the money we could save! ;-) Thanks Kevin. I appreciate the support. I know exactly what you're talking about, having founded Timbuk2 and gone through all the early growth once before. There is always a delicate balance between leading and listening. If you listen too much, you have the tail wagging the dog. If you listen to little you can go off on a tangent that is meaningless to customers. My belief is that good leaders are also good listeners. I try to apply a level of "context over content." That's to say, you try to take people's ideas and suggestions in the context they're being made, rather than trying to follow exactly everyone's suggestion for exactly their words. A good example of this here are the suggestions for various clip mechanisms. Being in an early phase of this business I can't make exactly the specific clip that each and every person desires. I designed a clip that I believe fits the broadest sets of needs. But I definitely take note that this is an issue for customers. Rather than trying to design clips to specific comments, it tells me there are going to be a wide range of ways that people will want to wear Elroy. Thus, as a leader, what I know I need to do is elevate this as a coming design element. To me, that's what being a good leader is about. Ron... You'll actually be surprised when you use the Elroy what a difference just removing the lower 2/3 makes. When I've been using the prototype I've accidentally gone out, gotten in the car, driven to the store, gotten out of the car, gone into the store... suddenly to notice that I'm still wearing the prototype. And yes, two mics are required. The line drawing on the KS page is an early version. Several small changes are in the works, changes that won't change the overall aesthetics of the unit. Stephan... Sure, if you'll just add those two funding levels together we'll make sure you get what you're looking for. Great question, Matt! I wish you'd caught me about 5 mins ago before I posted the update. I just did a quick video of a shake test. I'll make a quick update to show off the results. Marie-Andree... Ah, thanks. That makes total sense. Marie-Andree... Ah, I looked closer at the two images you sent. Our earbuds, and the Elroy, will not be compatible with the attachment system at the earbud junction. (I'm not even clear on why they do that.) I'm talking about the 3.5mm audio jack each of those has at the other end of the cord. I've seen some other systems with a smaller jack at the middle of the cord (at the "Y" junction). We also will not be compatible with that, since those are not a standard 3.5mm audio jack. Bear in mind that we're a brand new company, right out of the gate. The audio accessories business is vast and complex. We're trying to hit the market with something new and meet as many needs as humanly possible. There will certainly be a few things we're missing but we'll be working hard to fill those gaps as quickly as we can. Marie-Andree... There are a number of things you can do. One, you can use any other standard set of earbuds with their full length of cord. Two, if you're the DIY type, you can buy a 3.5mm jack and cut your own cord to length and add a new jack. Three, you could go to a local electronics store and have them do the job for you. Four, there are several existing short cords on the market, like these: <url>– and I think unnecessary – complexity in manufacturing. The mic can be really easily surface mounted inside the unit to the PCB, whereas on a cord it's going to be a manual labor process. So, if we get better functionality AND a more simple manufacturing process, then it's a win-win. Francis... I've tested a few other devices with the mic on the unit and it seems to work fine. As well, if you think about it, every set of on-the-ear bluetooth headsets has the same configuration. Barb... Same as with, Matt, with digital printing we can get low quantities but it's a bit pricy. So, selling digitally printed textured faceplates might not be cost competitive in low quantities, but it would be easy enough to do printed labels with logos and designs. Matthew... Yes, we would. We can use high resolution digital printing to do a one-off of the design. But then we'd just want to reserve the right to mass produce it, giving you full credit for the design and naming rights. Joseph... Kickstarter actually has a rule against multiples. But if you get on and back the project and just do the math for multiple units, then I will see that and make sure you get your multiple units when we ship. Nikita... The rewards for this Kickstarter will be Elroy 1.0. At this point Elroy 2.0 is nothing more than some ideas on paper. It'll be sometime in mid-late 2014 when we put out 2.0. And shortening cables is actually very easy. If you're handy with tools you can do it yourself. Or you can usually find a local electronics shop to do the job for you for a small fee. Here's a video on how to do it... <url>~1000 backers getting us to $100k we're going to have to order several times more earbuds than we need to fill orders. I'm pretty sure we'll get past the $100k mark, and then there will be some additional stretch goal rewards that we can toss into the mix. Chris... That's an excellent suggestion. I just sent a query off to the engineer to see how complex Siri integration is. Simon... That's definitely a feature we want to implement but it's going to take some extra work. Can't quite promise that one yet. nihal... Oh, I think once we get this finished, the clip is going to be a very nice-looking feature. David... There are some other tricks that we have up our sleeves for the 4-point connector. Those will be Elroy 2.0 features, though. Quy Alan... The humble is all mine, that so many of you are backing this project. As for BT 2.1, that is a function of the Bluegiga audio module. At the $30k funding level I need to use an off-the-shelf module that's easy to develop (and sure to work). If we can get the funding higher then we can start to think about building a custom board that includes BT 4.0. DareMachina... Will pass that along to the engineers. Chan... Yes! We are going to be doing exactly that. I need to work up some drawings so I can show everyone what it looks like. Music to my ears, Jacob! :-) Eric... I'm pretty sure that we'll have it working on all platforms. We haven't started that part of the testing yet, though. We're going to do our best to make sure this works for everyone. Patrick... Weight and battery life. When you start trying to jam all the electronics and all the battery power into the actual earbud, something has to give. By using a wearable base unit you can lighten the load on your ears and get much more bang out of the product performance because your clothing is carrying the weight. Remember, too, this is a first round product from a young business. We're only scratching the surface with what we're going to be able to do with this form. There have been a number of wearable bluetooth units that have come out over the past years and I just don't think anyone has done it right yet. That's what I'm here to do. And honestly, I'm not presenting but a fraction of what we can do with this product. I don't want to throw too much at a first product. I want to create a solid product with some unique features, deliver that to Kickstarter backers (on time), and then build on that. I'm so freakishly excited about where this can all go! It's going to be a fun ride. Benoit... Five hours would be talking on the phone time. Just streaming music (or podcasts) would be much longer. And you should be able to use it as a remote with no earbuds attached, no problem. David... That's definitely going to be available prior to when we ship product. Rodrigo... The higher the funding goes the more options we can add. But ultimately we hope to license the magnetic attachment system to other earbud makers so that there will be lots of earbud options. These things take time, though. Jin... The actuator is merely the small internal mechanism that allows removing the earbuds to answer a call or replacing them to terminate a call. The answer button on the other side of the unit will perform all the functions you're describing. Adan... Elroy will definitely be usable on Android devices. Eric... We will be trying to build in the best quality earbuds possible, for sure. I was holding back posting any details on the specs of the earbuds until be had a better idea on how high the funding might go. David... I've tested the bluetooth module around the house, and I can wander to the far ends of my house (2400 sq ft) without losing signal. Jin... What I did in terms of this project is focus on what consumers were looking for, based on a questionaire I sent out. The top responses, by far, were bluetooth and the magnetic docking points. So, I redeveloped the product to meet those needs. Eduardo, We're hoping that strong initial success will mean that we can license the magnetic docking system to other earbud manufacturers. DareMachina, Me too! It'll be way more fun to make our own earbuds for this. You rock for being #1! And yes, we're going to make this thing insane! :-) I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!.... (NOTE TO SELF: Good luck wit dat.) Fuuuuuuuccckk yoooooouuuuuu Haven't received any product or refund. Both promised at some point, neither came. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount He is suing companies like Samsung about using his magnetic earbuds patent using his new company Snik LLC but can not make his own ?! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Can't Belive you are american... thats a shame I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraisinI invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount.g campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraisinI invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount.g campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Did this ever work for anyone? Reply I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Is this invoking as useful as is posting pics of facebook against new terms of service? Did anyone receive anything? I doubt it.. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraisinI invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount.g campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Did this ever work for anyone? I too invoke my rights. Full refund I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraisinI invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount.g campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraisinI invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount.g campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraisinI invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount.g campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraisinI invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount.g campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount ..... wow... so ive “hearted” over 100 projects over the past few years, things i was interested in maybe backing, and today just for the hell of it i decided to go through them. Its so sad how many just completely failed, its about 2-3 out of 10 thats actually fulfill their projects. Its sucks that suck a great site has turned into a huge moneygrab. At this point some projects are just taking peoples money. It sucks. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. Never received the product that I pledged for, please refund the amount pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. Fraudulent joker. I'll never pledge another dime because of grifters like you Real Thief!!! Thief Refund all my money now you fraud!!!! Thief Thiefs!! Refund my money He will not refund, and KS will do nothing. Consider this one a loss. Has anyone who helped fund this project gotten a refund? Reporting it to Kickstarter doesn't appear to do anything. Item never received Can you please send refund PayPal <email> But Jorge, that would be fine if RH had just said in an update just that, that it had failed and that it was dead. But he did not he told us that something would happen over two years ago and it hasn't. Further, the name of the project includes the term Made in the USA, which convinced me to pledge as well, only to find out that that was a lie as well and that RH always planned to manufacture in China and perhaps to Assemble in the the US, but he knew he was promising from the start what he would not deliver. This guy deserves to be hounded. Refund my money. Anybody got a refund? @Jorge, (re)read his last update. The main issue I and most backers here have is not with the concept of Kickstarter but the constant lying by Rob Honeycutt. On top of that, he himself left the door wide open for some kind of follow-up. All he had to do to lay this mess to rest is admit he fucked up, but that's not going to happen any time soon... Y'all some whiny babies. This is kickstarter not your local best buy. You funded a "project" not purchasing a retail item. The project failed, the money is gone. MOVE ON!! Rob is a thug... Anybody got a refund? I reported the project again. I'm skeptic it will make any difference. As far as Kickstarter is concerned, they earned their commission. I agree with Matthew however that it's the only course of action we have left and we should not stop doing so. keep reporting the project. I want my money back "Be respectful and considerate," the note below says... So, ROB, you want to try being respectful and considerate to your backers first?! Tell us the project went belly-up... SOMETHING Yeah, my $120 refund would be pretty nice about now! still silent on any progress... Any chance I can get my $99 US back now? 26th May 2016 Can we just keep posting this scam project on Kickstarter page. We need money back!!! update..... you are working everyday on this right? Want my money back or an product ! Look at the Zano case Kickstarter was forced to do something. But an 2Million$ case makes more noise then 144.463$ So 1.543 Backers should open an case at Kickstarter. They should check where the money gone. And if there are only 50,000$ left…I take 33% of my money instead of loosing all. Pick everybodys money and never come back to an update! This is like stealing! Should be in prison! Kickstarters do nothing! I never got my product or refund as well. It looks like a few people have tried with no luck? <url>������� Shame on you kickstaerter.com for backing up scammers like this at my expenses! Government of Canada is now starting to crack down on these. They qualify as criminal charges. They wouldn't extradite this guy for the dollar amount but if he travels to a common wealth nation he will be arrested and sent to Canada. So gutted I'm in the UK. I would be suing this guy out the wazoo. Rob, you are a scumbag. I WANT REFUND!!! NOW!!! Exactly Tam! Rob when are planning to at least give a position or contact us to explain your plan? Please you as a entrepreneur should have a minimum of commitment and be professional with who supported you with your idea/dream/goal/whatever... this is ridiculous I will add my voice to the other dissatisfied backers here. Projects have risk, that is part of the process. However, those risks come with responsibility on the behalf of the creator, who has to, according to Kickstarter's TOU (in effect at time of project creation): "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As you have clearly stated that you are unable to deliver on the rewards, I expect a full refund ASAP. Hello?? Rob?? Maybe we can get the FTC on this? Saw this article today: <url>"skeptical science". Some of the forum talk there was leaked a year or two ago and Rob's approach to things becomes very clear after reading some of his comments on how he likes to take on "the opposition". It's been almost a year since he's done any of his non-updates. I call them non-updates because they're just excuses as to why he can't do something. I honestly should just go to my credit card company had tell them to give a refund if I could. I'm also sure he's probably not reading any of these messages at this point. We all need refunds. All of us. This is the only Kickstarter project I've ever backed that has failed and epically I might add. Cut your loss, Mr. Honeycutt, your reputation is gone and you need to salvage what's left of it and refund all of our money. There is no reason to be polite. With over $100,000, we have grounds for a civil, class action lawsuit. Does anyone know a good lawyer? Or will we be waiting years later and getting a refund check wondering where it came from. I cut my losses on this project. I should have known better than to invest in this. If you have any business suave at all, you should have sold the plans to another company to fulfill it. I mean did anyone get any of the rewards, even the shirts? I think I said in a post a year ago that this entire project, from the moment it was titled, was apparently a pile of claptrap. The title says Made in USA, but each update was about manufacturing in China, and every update was "it's coming it's coming", then it was over. And a year later no updates, no refunds. Boy, friends this is what happens when we place our money in someone who is willing to renege on even the title before jump street. I dropped almost 200 buck on two of these and its just so angering. Oh well. We will never get money (because Rob views us as investors who accepted risk) _, we will never get answers(because Rob treats us a investors only when it suits him), and noone will ever look back on this as a good experience. At this point I don't care about money. It's gone, never to be returned. What I want is transparency. Rob-if you still check this, man up. What is going on? Scammers <url>" hey guys, i took all your money and put it in a savings account" then you at least done something productive with the money but noooo you just wasted it on trips. It is a bit of a miracle that you have your family left because I could never live with a thief. Or have you lied to them aswell? The money came from a "bonus" or a "pay raise" Yes I am being an ass, but you sure as hell deserve it. Is there ever going to be an update to this? Did you enjoy all your vacations on our dime? Hope you are fully aware your treatment of this project speaks volumes to the type of person you truly are. Thanks for NOTHING! There was talk of refunds in one of the latest updates...is that happening? I almost feel silly asking since Mr. Honeycutt has most definitely no plan to come through with refunds. The thief, Rob Honeycutt, @rob_honeycutt, has blocked me again on Twitter. He is a waste of human space. What is going on with this project? His new Twitter account is @rob_honeycutt Any updates on this Kickstarter failure? What's going on with this refund? Have we all given up? He's taken our money people Rob, please provide an update on when I will receive a refund. Status of refund?? This is ridiculous! Be an honest man and at least show your face and announce your real intentions. I'd like a refund please! I even have it in writing from you that you would refund me and NOTHING. This is ridiculous. Have any of the backers received their refund? This user's account has been deleted. Anyone here can report this problem to Kickstarter? i just report this project and wait them response. Where is the refund that you were talking about? No refund in sight. Anyone track where this Rob guy is actually living? He needs to be served. I think the really sad part is that while there are many alternatives nowadays I'd still be happy if this was actually shippped since if the unit itself was solid the "use your own earbuds" part is still kind of attractive. (Bad designs on much smaller bluetooth earbuds leave you with non-functioning speakers because the wires bend and fail and can't be easily replaced.) That said, I haven't tossed a lot of money around on Kickstarter (or any other crowd funded "thing") but this was definitely the project that soured me on the concept of "letting the people pay and hope something comes out of it" trend from the past few years. There's obviously nothing coming back to any of us on this so I hope he enjoyed his trips and sometimes feels a bit of guilt for taking our money with absolutely nothing in return. Hi Rob, Could you please reimburse me if the product won't be delivered, Thanks, David He's back @rob_honeycutt Hello Rob What is going on??? Refund??? Refund please, as you promised. Owner: HONEYCUTT,ROBERT TRUST Second Owner: HONEYCUTT,ROBERT TR Mailing Address: 612 ELIZABETH ST, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94114-3230 Site Address: 612 ELIZABETH ST, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94114-3230 County: SAN FRANCISCO Transfer Date: 10/29/1992 Seller Name: Parker,Dean F & Market Value: $1,627,000 Assessed Value: $689,153 Sale Amount: $431,000 History Flag: Y Owner: HONEYCUTT,ROBERT TRUST Second Owner: HONEYCUTT,ROBERT TR Mailing Address: 612 ELIZABETH ST, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94114-3230 Site Address: 612 ELIZABETH ST, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94114-3230 County: SAN FRANCISCO Transfer Date: 10/29/1992 Seller Name: Parker,Dean F & Market Value: $1,627,000 Assessed Value: $689,153 Sale Amount: $431,000 History Flag: Y County FIPS code: As Of: Market Value Year: Assessed Year: 2011 Loan Amount: $1,200,000 Property Type: Single Family Residence Owner: ROBERT HONEYCUTT Second Owner: BARBARA ALLENDORF Mailing Address: 1119 KEITH, BERKELEY, CA 94708 Site Address: KEITH BERKELEY, CA 94708 County: Transfer Date: 11/03/2005 Seller Name: David Edelstien Market Value: Assessed Value: Sale Amount: $949,000 History Flag: N County FIPS code: 06001 As Of: MAR-2014 Market Value Year: Assessed Year: Loan Amount: Property Type: Single Family Residence Owner: ROBERT HONEYCUTT Second Owner: BARBARA ALLENDORF Mailing Address: 1119 KEITH, BERKELEY, CA 94708 Site Address: KEITH BERKELEY, CA 94708 County: Transfer Date: 11/03/2005 Seller Name: David Edelstien Market Value: Assessed Value: Sale Amount: $949,000 History Flag: N County FIPS code: 06001 As Of: MAR-2014 Market Value Year: Assessed Year: Loan Amount: Property Type: Single Family Residence These appear to be contact info for Mr. Honeycutt: Home Addr: 1119 KEITH AVEBERKELEY, CA 94708 Phone Number: 510-559-9026 Home Addr: 612 ELIZABETH STSAN FRANCISCO, CA 94114 Phone Number: 510-548-5442 I was one of the $1000 backers that he scammed. He has been ignoring my emails for a refund. We must take legal actions. Guys I backed another project where basically the guy went off and bought a condo and a car with it. The Radiate Athletics project. Now there is an attorney that goes around suing Kickstarter projects that can't provide substantial evidence that they even attempted their project. I will get the details on how to begin that process. @Marie-Andree Poisson I guess he can say whatever he wants with no recourse from us. It is also served me because i do not back people with such a small goal amount (Red Flag for me) I can't imagine what he would have done with $40000 (Nada :-) Hey Rob, what is going on? You really need to come clean on this matter. @Marie-Andree Poisson - nice to see you are still checking in here! can someone tell me when I'm going to get my refund? Rob, this is not your money to keep. be responsible and refund the people who trusted you. can someone tell me when I'm going to get my refund? Rob, this is not your money to keep. be responsible and refund the people who trusted you. I just hate all of this. Rob is just as low you can go as a human. Depice and robbed is how I feel Been almost a year since I've asked for a refund. Please start moving forward on these it's getting kinda hard to be respectful and considerate here. damm Rob, where is our money? I want my refund now. Am sick of these scammers. I just Tweeted Kickstarter's CEO twitter.com/ystrickler. It's always helpful to speak out in (what I hope is) the right forum if anyone wants to jump on. Kickstarter requires a video demo of the prototype as it is, no rendering or faking its actual abilities. There is only one video attached to this campaign, and obviously Rob had violated Kickstarter rules. So now when I back another project, if the demo is too good to be true, I'll ask for a better demo. What have you got? Refunds plus interest? "Once I complete this fundraising process I have something special to offer all of you that I think many, or even most, of you will be very pleased by." Hahahaha! That was nearly 3 months ago! Rob?????? Anyone hear those crickets? -_- Hi Arvinder - yes lol, hence why I'm not convinced of its veracity. zzZzzzzz Just passing again! SCAMMER - give us back our money! Hello? Rob?? ??????? MONEY BACK PLEASE !!!!!!! Hey money grabber, say something - I want my money back Zzzzzzzzz In your exact words- "Key to managing customer expectations is communication. As the project proceeds we will post updates every Monday. This way our backers won't be guessing what's going on or when you're going to hear something. If we have other big news to report, we'll do that as a "special update."" Did you forget that? What's going on? Someone bought your pledge even though we knew refunds would not be possible? It could be an idea to tweet Kickstarter's CEO twitter.com/ystrickler. Power in numbers, if everyone dissatisfied does it and he is who he says he is, I trust we'll get some action. (You may recognise my name because I started an online petition seeking a refund some time ago: I am no longer seeking a refund as I had the unique opportunity of being able to sell my pledge to someone else... whom I honestly think may have been Rob Honeycutt using a different email... but that's a different story :) Still no response from Rob. No refunds either. Start sending him messages directly: <url>"hey guys, I Screwed up big time and this whole thing went totally in the crapper" At least then he will be honest for once. With all this I wish I want, I am going to blah blah. He's a horrible man and acts like a coward. I've waited a log time overdue for a few products all of them have however 1. Delivered a product. But the more important 2. They've kept the backers in the loop. @Marie, Rob has a business currently and it is listed as Snik. I think we supported a Ponzi scheme...more suckers are wanted. Zzzzzzzz! Someone know where his new business is at? @Jodie, Rob can't refund us until he swindles someone else out of their money so he can afford to refund us... that's what he meant in his update to us - Any update on refunds? Where's my money? @Neil Patel - I for one knew the rules before I gave Rob any money. The question is who do you expect to enforce the ToS? As far as I know we are going to have to sue Rob to get our money back. @John Yea I understand what you're saying. FYI this project applies to the old rules which is why I showed them down there after reading all of Terms and Conditions. And also I understand he "said" he spent all the money. Like I actually want to see proof of this by the numbers. All Iv seen is a prototype that's costs $130k. I just want a detailed finincial spreadsheet. And how I interpreted the Terms and Conditions was that he must do ALL the following things: 1. Offer refunds 2. Show details on how finances were used. 3. Make sure backers are satisfied I just wanted to inform everyone including Rob to know that these rules were in place. I just don't think anyone bothered to look it up. Correction - ""No plans for an immediate refund" @Harold Bottoms - I agree. Rob has said he has no plans to offer a "Reward", and no money for a "Refund". Ball's now in our (backers) court to attempt to force a refund, which requires legal action. . As an aside, this project is old enough to fall under a different version of the KS ToS. The terms of Kickstater are to either provide the "reward" for backing or "Refund" the backers. It's pretty simple. The req @Neil Patel - Rob's said the money collected by him via Kickstarter has been spent. How would you propose he refund you? Technically, he's fulfilled the action of "detailing exactly how the funds were used" clause. . The above is not defending Rob, or agreeing with him, or anything else - just pointing out what I see as reality. In response to update #65 "3) I am continuing to work on everyone’s refund, but I do not have an update on when I will be able to start issuing those. When refunds start to issue I will post an update to that fact." - Rob "What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project?" "If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps should include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. For more information, see Section 4 of our Terms of Use." "Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." - Kickstarter Rob has clearly stated that he has failed at making this project a possibility. And has agreed to Kickstarter's Terms and Conditions, which clearly states that if the Project Creator is unable to fulfill the reward he must grant the backers request and give a refund. "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." - Kickstarter "Creators have the ability to refund backers through Amazon Payments (for US projects) and Kickstarter (for non-US Projects)" - Kickstarter It seems kickstarter makes it quite easy for creators to refund backers. Iv had other projects refund me and it was fast and easy. I have no clue why it's taking this guy so long to fulfill. According to the terms and conditions Rob agreed to before creating this project, he MUST grant my wish to refund me for not fulfilling my exact reward I have selected on this project. this is one sad Kickstarter story. At least keep the 1,543 people who trusted this project updated every once in a while... Almost forgotten about this project until I came across Jabra Rox today. <url>"oh....Kickstarter is not a store and this is expected to happen some times." The only thing I have to say to them is "Fuck off" I am not rich, but somehow I participated in a project to make someone else's pocket a lot heavier. Respect and decency flew out the window when homeboy cashed the check and gave us the finger. Sent a reminder by Twittter yesterday to .@robhon. My hope are not high, but try to do the same! He's thinking we will forget Still waiting... I want my refund That seems to be what he's hoping for Stefan. If we all get tired of this and stop checking the KS page, or -as suggested earlier- comment about it elsewhere...he wins. I don't quite get it, is this project an epic fail and we won't se either our money back or a product? Or is it just that Rob is slow as hell on making progress`? Either way I don't give a crap anymore, that 120 bucks won't make any difference now. One thing we can do is just spread the word in all social medias about this man. So he cant fool anyone more or make any business. I started out optimistic about this. Communication was great, the product looked promising. Now I'm sitting here feeling like a fool and utterly disgusted at how this is going down. I hope there's some sort of resolution for us, soon. Rob, come on dude. Grow a spine and refund us please. That's absolutely terrible, he's taken our money people, thousands Well I am done screwing around with this project. My lawyer basically came up against a wall with regards to Kickstarter and their policies. (Luckily he did not charge me) My only hope is that future Honeycutt's don't take after good old dad and they see this as a stain on their family. Who knows it probably went into their college fund. Any lawyers in the group? It would be great to have someone coordinate a group settlement with Honeycutt. He's trying to get elroy in production for years, he would have known the costs. Business planning??? Something is fishy That makes no sense - if he knew it would cost $90k, why be honest initially and say it won't happen? Why issue part refunds at the beginning He earlier said that he paid 90k for engineering service (because he is not one, and there is none on the team - a big no-no we should all avoid when pledging on a Technology project). How can he take all that money from us? There is not a chance he would have used all of it, at least 5% of that money for one prototype. We need to do somethiing It's a joke @Arvinder Complaining to KS will surve no purpose. They will not act on it. Rob, where's my money? It's a long time no see any response from Elroy, Refund as they said is gone, They're gone too!!!! Hey people, the people who want refunds please complain by kickstarter website. This is seriously a joke now, I want my refund Whatever their new policies are (read them), KS will not intervene more (and they can't really intervene less). Only a judge blaming them directly in a judgement could do something. Or maybe Amazon reprehending them for bad business behaviors. But doubt it very much considering they also get a cut, bad behavior or not. Another article about KS new rules, <url>’m sorry to hear that this has not been a better experience for you and other backers of the Bluetooth Earbuds w/ Magnetic Docking. Made in USA project. I do see that we've reached out to this creator in the past to remind them of their obligations, as well as our expectations regarding communication. I'm sorry they haven't yet responded to you and other members of their backer community. If you feel as though this creator Rob Honeycutt has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, we’d appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback Form. We'll be sure to take your experience into consideration as we evaluate the policies and procedures that we have in place. Thanks again for your cooperation and for being an active member of the Kickstarter community. Best, Melissa I also have had relatively good KS luck. 2 complete failures (this and HOTwatch), 3 delivered a real piece of s**, many delivered good products that I have or still use, and 3 that really knocked it out of the ballpark (one of which was Pebble). @Wolfgang Clearly, you are pretty unlucky about your projects. Of course, not everyone, including me, is in your situation. My stats on very unlucky projects (no delivery, no refund or broken/unusable products that haven't been replaced) are probably at less than 5%, including this one of course! I have a couple on hold though (two projects I'm waiting refund on). Between this and the Foundation Dock, 2 out of the 3 projects I backed on KS have failed miserably. I would love for Kickstarter to have some stats on which funded projects actually delivered to clients with an 80% or more satisfaction rate... I am starting to suspect that the majority of projects on here that are based on pre-ordering stuff are doomed to failure. I just wish that KS would be more honest about reporting this stat rather then focusing on the funding side of things... the real project failures are the ones that get our money and don't deliver. Neil It looks like phishing! Why a KS form would be in Google docs? <url>"Rob Honeycutt's first business venture since his success at Timbuk2 fails leaving thousands unaccounted" - was one headline I read on Bloomberg. It was if you were worried about what your peers would think or would they be laughing at such an epic fall from grace? Who knows? Whatever happens the one thing that has really enraged me with your baby, the Elroy Project, so named after your childhood fondness of watching The Jetsons, is the fact that you claim you are trying to scrape together the money to refund your loyal Backers but can't seem to find anyone to invest or bail you out. However, I would of thought that you would of looked closer to home for someone to invest in the Project...yes you Mr Honeycutt because lest we forget the $23MILLION you sold Timbuk2 for?! Why couldn't you bail out your own company? Did you want to throw it a lifeline? No, because you knew it was dead & buried long ago! So I guess along with the knowledge that you can sleep easy at night on your overstuffed, dollar filled mattress, all whilst dreaming of your next "New & Exciting" business to play with we are left albeit with the jagged little pill of your failure to swallow. Cheers & Good Luck Rob! I wish you nothing but the best of luck in your new venture but you of all people must know, what with you speaking Cantonese, & after marrying into the Chinese culture you must know all to well the Chinese fear of Karma! You never know what's around the corner... @Allen Woo and @Overlord -- Thanks for the clarification. I could have sworn I saw someone post that they preordered from the web and got a refund. Overlord - what was the cost of your refund? No Suzanne, I was a KS backer. @suzanne. FYI Steven McMahonAugust 29, 2014 at 6:57 PM I can't post in the comments section of the KS because I'm not a backer but you backers can. Anyone who wants to join in can contact these people and help the cause. Also I noticed Sue on the comments there thinks that he's paying the people who bought from the site which is not true, someone should give her the correct information, that he's only given 2 refunds that we know of and one was because overlord14 said he was going to shame rob to the skeptical science people. He hasn't, as far as I can tell, given even one refund to a meetelroy purchaser. @Overlord, you were a preorder, not a Kickstarter, right? If so, that's why you got your refund - you had, in essence, an actual contract with him; payment of money in exchange for a product. Backers don't have that - pursuant to the TOS, they make a pledge (in essence, a gift) to fund a project. This is why Rob is not refunding backers, but is refunding preorders. Hello everyone, Can you all file a request for Michael Finney Channel 7 on your side program? I am sure if we all file this to the media, they will do something for us! This is the link : <url>#thief @timbuk2 <url>"I greatly appreciate and am truly humbled by the support that KS backers have offered through this project." more than 2 months ago is infuriating, but I'm afraid that the concerns other people have voiced here are legit and there's nothing really that can be done. Except trying to appeal to whatever shred of dignity he has left by contacting him via various channels... It'd be worth to see that piece of shit Rob Honeycutt bankrupt. Suing is a waste of time, not enough money is involved to make it worth an attorney's time and even if someone takes it the vast majority of any settlement to go to their fees. Literally to where we would be lucky to get $5 back. Time to move on folks. Count me in to. I will ask around for attorneys and get back to this forum. Stay tune, Post comments, make your voice heard. Use the power of the communities you are involved in online to tell the story of this failure and Rob's lack of accountability. "I am in if anyone start the process." Like I said, nobody from the US is starting the process. "I am in if anyone start the process." Like I said, nobody from the US is starting the process. @Allen, I am in... @Arvinder, he blocked me too. I still call him out on tweets. My friend asked him on twitter, he was blocked @Allen Woo - think we could get an attorney ot take the case? I wouldn't know where to start, but count me in. Anyone interested in a class action lawsuit against Rob and kickstarter? I am in if anyone start the process. I did a call out on Facebook and Twitter again yesterday. I will do these daily until I get some resolution. I want my money and I'm really pissed off after reading this article. if you had $23 million then you should refund our money because you failed to deliver! <url>"suppose" second contact that is the www.timbuk2.com and I will wait for any answer and after I will come here to tell you. But if someone here that lives in SF, that would have time, and could go directly to the store to look after him here is the address. 583 Shotwell Street San Francisco, CA 94110 USA. I'll be waiting for your return too guy. This is not fair with! I am really mad with this no answer from him, that is really UNrespectful and UNprofessional... Really! Is this happening? No one got refund ? I sent a email a couple weeks ago, to get refund on my $89 back, and no answer till now.. Unbelievable!!! Any one here know what we can do to get back our money? @ Marie -- you are right 2 days and they have not replied. I think I am going to start a campaign. They need to own and be responsible for these projects. There are 2 many that have flopped and made no attempts to send the rewards or refund the backers... @Nestor don't expect anything from Kickstarter. I posted a complain and asked for a refund from Kickstarter, have not heard anything back from them. I submit that there is at least the possibility that "William" is a friend of robs... Stew in that. I am at the $89 + $10 level and have NOT received a refund. I ll never back other project on kickstarter, I got many problem with some projects. The elroy page is down...and i am beginning to think that we will never get a refund. Rob has ruined it for me, not funding any more projects in Kickstarter. Pledge at least $99, so ... For Touch of modern subscribers, take a look : <url>"I will refund you" answer out to buy some time and calm down people thinking about going to court. We have a single person who has reported getting a refund. Over 1500 backed this project. If refunds were even trickling out at a slow pace then I imagine a few more would have chimed in if they had received them by now. As some have pointed out, it's the risk you take when backing a project... what is disappointed is how drawn out it was for this project not to mention the lack of any kind of real accounting of where the funds went... some photos of some plastic components and a franken-elroy don't really cut it for me... hard to believe that nearly $150K went poof with so little to show for it. Sorry but I need the money, would like to have atleast a timeframe I'd accept a refund via Paypal if possible If they are sending checks, is there a way to determine what address they will be going to? I have moved since funding this project. That's how long this has been dragging out..... Whats happening with our refund? There are also lots of projects that succeed without having to refund their backers by the way :-) For all those first crowd funding timers who backed this project, please, please do not give up on crowd funding. See below. This project on Indiegogo ended on February 21, 2013. They posted the below 22 days ago. I have received the refund. To our loyal Indiegogo Supporters: We are so appreciative to supporters like you who funded the BluTracker campaign. Due to the shipping delays we have encountered, we have decided to offer you a full refund. We have completed working prototypes and manufacturing runs, but want to continue our tradition of only providing the best Bluetooth® beacon products. As we have not been happy with the functionality and related specifications to-date, we prefer to offer you a full campaign contribution refund, to show our appreciation for your ongoing support. Please understand that we are not under any obligation to do so, but we firmly believe that this is the right thing to do. We are still developing the product so you can choose to maintain your contribution as we continue work towards completion; however, we do not want to disappoint anyone with any further delays. To request a refund, please email us at <email>, with proof of contribution (including contributed amount and date). In addition, please include PayPal account information for remittance. Keep in mind it may take up to 45 days to verify all contributions and complete this process. Thank you again for your support and we look forward to continuing to develop new and beneficial products. Best regards, Jimmy Buchheim CEO and Founder StickNFind Stick NFind @Bill - when did you get your refund? You're welcome Harold! When do we receive our refund? Thanks William. Nope, got a check in the mail. I'm curious, when I was refunded by another project that went south, I was no longer able to post comments on that project's page. This refund from Amazon went to the card used to back the project. Was this refund you received, William, through Amazon? I had asked (refund) and was very persistent. And was refunded what I pledged ($89). Think it's great that there are people who are foregoing the refund and I for a long time though that was going to be my POV. It wasn't until the communications went sideways that I started re-thinking things and that was when I switched the decision. And what about "the refund" Bob? When are you planning on updating us about specific plan? What? When? Where? Who? @William Did you asked for a refund earlier, or are you talking about "the refund"? Have you had your refunds? @ William.How much refund you got? @William, how did you learn you were refunded? I got my refund and don't know it that was based on my persistence or maybe even alphabetical order but (also) believe he will do his best to make good ASAP. Kickstarter needs to learn these project failures are going to cost them. I've lost enough money it's highly unlikely i'll ever back another project on kickstarter again. There needs to be more recourse for these failures but kickstarter could care less. So when can I expect my refund? One last comment. I've backed 74 project to date and only 4 have failed to do anything, that's a pretty good record. But I feel that trend is going to start going the other way as KS allows more and more "silly" (and some probably fraudulent) projects to be posted), e.g, "help me make (insert the name of some food here), and "i like sharpened pencils" just to name two. No more KS for me. I think KS is getting more careless with there vetting of Creators. One Creator (Mystical Pens and Pen Cases..) was able to collect his money, invest it in another business (he admitted this) and delete his account so no one can communicate with him. Interesting that KS lets Creators unilaterally delete projects after collecting all the money with no oversight or justification! Some backers on that project and others have had some success filing an FTC claim. <url>#crnt I know KS likes to say that we are participating in a project experience with Creators, and not shopping, but they always seem to get their cut of the money with no responsibilities! Well, Timbuk2 was sold in a deal valued at over 20M. It's rather hard to believe that Mr. Honeycutt didn't come out of that deal a pretty wealthy man... in other words, even though Elroy has nothing to do with his personal finances, he should be more than able to "bail this out" of his own pockets if he had the desire to do so. Even returning 1/2 or 1/3 of pledged amounts along with a more detailed accounting of where the money went would go a long way towards re-establishing his credibility. @Tan He doesn't own it anymore. Doesnt he own a company that makes bags? I would be glad if he give me a coupon for one of the bags instead of a refund. Because 140 k refund Will never happen. If there was a way to come up with 140 grand to refund people, don't you think he would just finish the project for less and ship out rewards? No one will see a refund. Mark my words. I supported this project and still think its a great idea but I need my refund please if there are no plans to make it happen. Too bad this thing won't see the light. His "refund" probably mean whatever leftover. It can be only $1500 left or $1 each for us. I do not expect him a full refund, he doesn't has that kind of money. All money he spent are gone. I want my money back, asap @Dragan -- I agree that it will be a long time before anyone sees any money, but all the same, I think we need to know that this is not just another empty promise or cover-up. Suzanne, It may be weeks, if not months before you receive a refund. Paying back $100K plus is not easy especially if you cannot ( financially or out of principle) pay it at once. Paying back backers who invested more gives Rob a piece of mind about being legally challenged by them ( check local laws and small claims court limits). If you bought one or even two units I think Rob will stretch out paying you back as long as humanly possible as it represents a vast majority of the money raised. I read several backers' posts about letting Rob keep the money. I will not do that. I do not have disposable income oozing out of my crevices and will not allow anybody to simply walk away with my money no matter how insignificant it may seem to some. When people receive refunds, please post here ... As I commented on the Update, I'm glad to see Rob finally admit what has been obvious for so long, but actions speak louder than words, so the jury will be out in my mind until the refunds start coming. Thank you for admitting defeat Rob. As usual, honesty is the best policy. Just, don't expect this project's failure to disappear from your entrepreneurial resume. You picked to do this at the time when the KS tides turned from helping new businesses out to flat out running scam operations and criminal enterprises. And you surely don't want to be associated with those kinds of activities... He spent on trips to visit his wife's family. This is the real Elroy project about. By the way, what the hell did u spend the money on, needed 30 got 144, idiot, moron or loser? Hey, do not need a refund as I backed you, but you can do better than excuses and blame others, admit you failed, think us backers deserve that recognition! Refund? I don't think that is real. Maybe $1 each back? I almost totally forgot that I also backed the Fuel to use with my Elroy at Rob's recommendation. So I wasted $20 on that and I don't have a single piece of gear I can use it with. I can at least say that KS was fulfilled. This sucks. I really wanted my Elroy. That Sony set looks ridiculous. I'm glad to be getting a refund. This really got borked at the end. It started with so much promise. I'm very disappointed in Rob. There was no reason to run off and hide. This is the 2nd KS that has totally gone to hell this week for me. I guess all our money bought Rob nice trips to visit his wife's family and presents!! So coincidence 3 days after we start talking about lawsuits, we are now getting refunds? How can he refund us when he spent all his money already? We should all definitely communicate in regards to a class action suit. I want this scam artist to lose his home if that's what it takes to get our money back. We can't let him get away with it. Wonder how much he liked spending our pledge money on vacations? I asked for a refund over 6 months ago. Now you quit and say refunds are going to those who pledged the most? Refund my money asap. Hi, looks like the project is not going to complete in short term, reading your update. Pls include me in your list of people requesting for refunds. Thanks. Let add Twitter to that. He don't respond either. Anna, you are not going to get any information from Rob anymore. His product is now obsolete, he is avoiding public confrontation with disappointed backers online or by phone / email. He will not get funding to see this through, we will never see our Elroys. I have asked Rob for one of the prototypes he was offering - nothing I have asked for a refund - nothing We have been duped. Has anyone tried calling the phone number listed on his www.meetelroy.com website? I'm assuming he always lets it go straight to voicemail, but was surprised that the number actually worked. @Suzanne I think we need to be wearied also on the second posting kickstarter of which has lowered goal unrealistically. I have just cancelled a pledge of a product that is only 2/9th of the original pledge. Guess we won't learn till we stumble. Guess I lost 89 bucks ( including shipment ). Delaying is normal but with no response is an absolute no-no. I can see now with all the money spent to travel to Asia may use up quite a portion of money raised. I will still believe in kickstarter but may be wary of any single person company........ We should contact somebody in Berkeley and file a lawsuit against Rob. Washington State has filed a lawsuit with this person with scam campaign. See link below. <url>"made improvements ... and produced a really great product" part, of course. Type in Elroy in search Type in Elroy in search Hey People, did you know Rob tried to receive funding for the Elroy in December 2012, he did not meet the funding goal. In the comments section he says he has a sample product and if funding is successful then he would have it ready by May 2013, that's four months after reaching funding goal, I am a little more concerned now @Allen Woo - I may be - let me know what you find out. @william my point was simply to inform my fellow posters that at this point they are yelling in a vacuum. Rob ain't listening. He started by not responding to negative comments, now he's stopped reading anything we say positive or negative. This is the second project that has f@cked me out of a hundred bucks. I won't let it happen again. Lesson learned. Crowd funding for tech projects is worse odds then blackjack at the casino. My honest opinion is that kickstarter is the new platform for clowns and scammers. Just another case of caveat emptor, but I have a feeling that the easy money train is going to hit a wall pretty soon. If you ask me the real scam is kickstarter itself that takes their percentage off the top and then goes totally hands off when projects blow up. #rant over Read this: never will I crowd fund anything other then as a donation ever again. Thanks for the life lesson rob, if you ever bother to read this. This just makes me sad. @Wolfgang For a guy that promised to update us every monday, updating us, and being on this page more than one month ago is not very respectful, to say the least. Wolfgang, not sure what the purpose of your post was. To show that Rob doesn't come to Kickstarter? Bio information? Not picking on you but just not sure what to be looking for. Just fyi from Rob's Last login was May 19 2014 <url>"get our cut and we're out" KickStarter.. If he went ahead and refunded us it would be him admitting failure on a small scale putting his ability to deliver on larger scale projects in question. My best bet? We lost our money and Rob walks away unscathed unless a class action lawsuit is filed. Hard to imagine he's completely indifferent to what he's done and doing here and since Kickstarter can't be bothered to do anything, my last remaining hope is that either through fear of karmic retribution or ghostly visits from Scrooge's ghosts that Rob posts tomorrow with refund information. Yep, still delusional out here in San Francisco! Can we file class action lawsuit? You know something, this is absolutely terrible. A simple update would suffice but the fact he can't be bothered to communicate is terrible. He has won the lottery and it's our money Last time R was here is May 19th! Clearly he want to put this project behind him. He "just" have to refund and we'll do the same! Attack or no attack, it really doen't matter at this point. It seems like he's made a decision to move on from Elroy until he has something to say and in the meantime he chooses to not communicate. Maybe he doesn't even read the posts anymore or even visit the site. I've tried calling the number on the meet Elroy website since it's local and he doesn't answer or call back. He doesn't respond to emails or bother with updates based on (my conjecture) the fact that there's no point in updating until there's something to say or something new to add. Kickstarter doesn't care and addressing him on Twitter doesn't get anything so who the heck knows. IMHO he's got nothing to gain by saying anything anywhere and since he has all of the money and all of the leverage I'm at a loss as to what to do outside of being totally outraged. I wish there was a way to get over that but honestly I'm struggling. I know I'll never do another Kickstarter project again and even that rankles me because it seems like cutting off my nose to spite my face. I'll shut up now but as much as I try to not get emotional about people that I don't know, this guy absolutely brings out the worst in me. His family might love him and his friends might swear by him but his behavior around Elroy has been mystifyingly thoughtless. Yup, we don't need any attack. We just need an answer even if this project has failed, we should be notified as backers. @Allen Done! No attack, just two questions. We are toasted. Can we all start tweating him until he respond. @Allen Interesting to see that there is no recent mention of this project, either from him (nit very surprising) or to him. Rob is still active on Twitter <url>"right" way is, but unregulated crowd funding I think is not the answer... So far this is the second dud project, and one that I honestly thought was a low risk based on my experience with Timbuktu. Well, this project has now been moved to the disappointment bin. Will now stop following actively. humph... no idea where the creator at? get a thug maybe ? LOL Thanks Marie-Andrée seems to be a great project. I went on meetelroy.com started ordering a pair of headphones and went through the payment, it does not seem to tell people that there is a problem with fulfilling orders :-( Like Suzanne, i get my gadgets everywhere from Kickstarter and other platforms and use them on a daily basis so i can't complain, i am disappointed for sure but it is not a store, and i do that because in a world where we can have almost everything immediately, it feels good to wait for what i want (it is like Christmas throughout the year ...). I don't know Rob but i trust that he did what he could to do the right thing. Update? Well, <url>"free money" with no consequences has to stop! Update? Another Monday passes with no update. This is really a scam. Look at their website. It says that the elroy is in stock and u can even buy it from the site. Please all spread the Word so people dont buy it. In Facebook and Twitter. So dirty tricks Thank you Suzanne Schiller. I"ll be filling a complaint. Rob is counting on us not doing anything because he knows that for $89 no individual is going to do anything. What we all need to do is file a complaint with the California Department of consumer affairs. You can file the complaint online at www.dca.ca.gov Rob? Where are the Monday updates? I just filed another complaint with KS about this project. The last response I got regarding another project, which the creator has gone silent for over three months now, way behind on delivery, was "we can't make them provide updates." Basically she told me KS couldn't/wouldn't do anything. I wouldn't count on KS to do anything, including Blacklisting Rob. They don't care, they get their money up front. Is there any way we can get this guy blacklisted or even banned from KS for good? Aside from getting our money back, we should make sure this kind of scam never happens again. Urgh! Sorry, but you don't "buy into an idea and if successful, you get a reward". No KS rules or guidelines say that! Rule that apply : Projects must create something to share with others. Kickstarter can be used to create all sorts of things: art and gadgets, events and spaces, ideas and experiences. But every project needs a plan for creating something and sharing it with the world. At some point, the creator should be able to say: “It’s finished. Here’s what we created. Enjoy!” " FAQ item that apply : " Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) ..." I don't think we are meant to lose money, when has that been in the fine print? Reward or Refund. I just want my money back, I have hoped this would be successful but I can't see it due to lack of communication. I am so damned sick of "Kickstarter is not a store." If you don't care that someone has stolen your money, then don't comment. I believe the rules of Kickstarter require the creator to fulfill the rewards or refund the backers if they can't fulfill the rewards. I don't know why so many people are so mad... Kickstarter is not a "Store" it is a micro-investing site. Some products get the funding, some don't. Some products are successful, some aren't. You buy into an idea and if successful, you get a reward. I really had high hopes that this would be successful, but it was only an investment. Don't invest in Kickstarter projects if you don't have the money to lose. Anybody know if we can file a class action lawsuit? @Rian The plan was to take parts mostly made in China, and assembled the final product in the US. Pretty commun strategy. How can this guy look at his family knowing that he has stolen from 1,543 other families. There is a special level of hell awaiting Mr. Honeycutt. I apologize for the grammar and spelling mistakes, but I really don't care anymore!!!! Another quick frustrated letter I just sent to Kickstarter: Dear Kickstarter, Please do not send me a canned email when responding to my email. The Elroy Kickstarter project has become something of a joke in the tech circle. It illustrates the lack of over site and accountability by Kickstarter to let fraud and diception take the place of excitement and trust. Robert Honeycutt has constantly lied to us the backers and has dug himself in so far that he is lying about his lies. Kickstarter responds to the backers of this project as if they don't undress and the concept. BELIEVE me when I say we DO understand the concept, but the concept in this particular project was to defraud the backers and hide behind Kickstarter policies. something must be done or this will end up in the courts like the case in Washington against Kickstarter. I really have no idea how Kickstarter staff knowing that this project exists, but still send out canned emails stating that everything is fine. Well everything is. It fine and there are a lot of people that would like to see Rob Honeycutt behind bars for defrauding his investors. If Kickstarter staff actually read the dribble that has been fed to he backers then they would understand the frustration. Kickstarter has to clean their dirty laundry with this one and make Rob accountable Kickstarter as a company cannot just collect the rewards with out getting their hands dirty once in a while. Well I suggest you put on your gloves and clean up after this mess!!!! DO THE WRITE THING!!! we want to believe that Kickstarter will not let this slide and God I we are right? *made i just noticed something if this was "made in the USA" why did he have to go to China all the time and why are they being bade in china Where are we now again? I have asked several times via private message for a refund and have yet to get an answer back. Plz provide me a refund. My latest to Kickstarter, in response to a half-assed email I received from it: ------------------ You know, I was trying to give the creator and Kickstarter the benefit of the doubt here, but again you've fallen flat. You wrote: ---- It looks like the creator is being very forthcoming about the status of the project, and his plans for moving forward. He's also offering to refund those backers who request one. If you'd like a refund in lieu of waiting for the creator to finish his project, you can send him a message through the site. --- Um, no, to all of it. The Creator affirmatively misrepresented the status of his Project for months (probably at least 6 months, if not more), and was only "forthcoming" once the timeline for his fraud ("just waiting for the new bluegiga chip!) ran. The Creator has not provided any plans for moving forward, other than "I hope manna falls from heaven." Specifically, he has not identified any potential new investors, has not made any prospectus or business plan available, has not mentioned so much as a single letter, phone call or meeting taken in furtherance of his quest for additional funding. (Of course, since his Kickstarter was significantly OVERfunded, one can imagine why additional investors might not take his calls). The Creator is "offering" refunds -- to be provided after the project allegedly ships. There's no "refund in lieu of waiting for the creator to finish his project ..." In other words, no one will see refunds just as they will never seek the product. So, there's Finally, clearly in order to avoid investigation by any number of state's attorney generals and I suspect in response to your attempt to contact him, the creator posted a meager 5 updates (providing zero information) before yet again abandoning the ship. So, once again, I'm requesting that Kickstarter enforce its policies on this creator and require him to refund all backers' monies. He's not living in poverty; he's a successful entrepreneur (or so he told us all) who reaped millions of dollars from Timbuk2's multiple equity sales. I have to agree, selling Rob to Chinese slave labor is not gonna help, and I rather not step down that flame war path. What I really would appreciate, is if he can man up, apologize that he fxxked this one up, and at least give us a REAL update on where the money went, and how he managed to squander almost 5x of the funding, and with any remote chance, tell us when we will get our money back and such. One can wish... @Kyle To start a flame war, you need traffic and momemtum. We have none of those here. But I do agree that Maysio and Luigi are very aggressive in their comment. Forget about Amazon! For your credit card, it depend on each cc company. What do i need to do to get a refund from Amazon or my credit card? I'm in it for 2 of these things and want to get my money back. Maysio and Luigi..... are you trying to start a flame war; because that's how you start a flame war. Monday update stops AGAIN? payment for services not rendered If you want a refund you will need to contact your credit card company they will do their homework on this and issue a refund because he got more money than he ask for and now needs MORE money to deliver this project Well : <url>"creators" are following this "no guilt" formula. If I wanted to donate money I would have gone to Kiva and backed a small enterprise project in the third world country with no expectations to get my money back. I guess we all have some kind of "first world problem" meme situation here.... @Gary Call your credit card company! Clearly no other way, and even then. Can I get a refund? Here's the reason Rob will never get any more funding -- he doesn't believe in this project any more. And no one will invest in something that the inventor doesn't believe in. @Suzanne Very afraid you are right, sadly. @Dragan -- Oh, I know exactly what he did. It is simply time for him to admit it. (Also, I'm not sure there have actually been working prototypes and, despite Rob's promises to several people, he never shipped any of the 70 "inferior" products that he claims to have made.) I was a backer but opted to receive the product as it was. However, I have chosen to never ever back anyone no matter how enticing the product may be and stay away from this website. Only reason I am here is because I receive emails whenever the PM sends an update. Which by the way, Please remove my email address from your list ASAP. I have done research and KickStarter can be held accountable however, it would be a very long drawn out process which I feel is worth just so rules can be changed, but many speak in anger etc. etc. and do nothing. Take the losses as I have (from a prior PM) and never look back or come back. Use social media to let others know how business is practiced here. If one lady can change major banks from charging monthly fees on her Facebook page, trust me, the same can be done with Kickstarter. I make it a point to write my experience and use situations such as this one, to let folks know,,,,,Beware when giving up the credit card number to Amazon !! I have also written on BBB (Better Business Bureau) contacted my State Attorney General and will continue to do what I do within my means. Hopefully, these fiascos will end. PM reports he ran out of money etc. etc. however, did you know you could request to view his financial reports on this project ? Financial reports are public records. I tried several times to pursue a class action case against Kickstarter and PM but could not proceed because when push came to shove, there was little to no support. I have read a lot of comments about PM doing exactly what this particular one has done and are angry as hell but do nothing to pursue. Together as a whole, we can change the policies for the future, but key word is "class" and not "one or two" I hope that this particular PM will do the right thing eventually, but from what I have read and the time that has elapsed, it's time to move on and never come back. Time to give Kickstarter the permanent boot !!! BTW, I purchased a Sony SBH52 on Amazon and it works awesome !!! Price is $59.00 and coming down. Anyone able to get a refund? Dragan, I want my money back, so many promises but no end product....so many organisations hs created this product already. A business man would have initially produced a proposal which covers all financial costs, this to me is poor planning. If he was an employee he would be fired and taken to court. I am just so shocked, the funding exceeded robs expectations and he still does not have any money? Am I wrong to ask for a refund? Am I wrong as a customer to expect clear communication and detailed information of where my product is? His website clearly allows you to purchase an elroy? Why does it not say, not available? Too many questions, not enough answers, Rob, I know your reading this, you have a duty to communicate and to have some of your reputation if any to tell the truth @Suzanne, Rob is a weathered veteran of startup scene. He knows that controlled dissemination of information is the key to controlling investor behaviour. Now given that we are not real investors per se but could still make his life difficult, Rob decided to control mood and tone of this campaign by doing just that. He ran out of money long before the BlueGiga announcement. That was just a "turning point" announcement tucking us gently into a bigger disappointment. I called him out on this but of course he ignored it. I am sure the shortcomings of units were known long before BlueGiga shift and some units were produced just as means to have legal protection and show good intentions in case someone went after him. Feel swindled? Well, not really. We backed an idea, Rob delivered a number of working prototypes, although technologically inferior, he showed us that they do in fact work and can be produced in large numbers. Now, a bit of bad financial planning and ill timed idea made this project a dud. I hope you did not invest a ton of money, I would let this go with a prototype, even it does not really work as advertised. At least something to remember this project by... Rob, a while ago you offered the imperfect first pass Elroy units to whoever wanted them. If you still have any of those left I would kindly ask to send me one. I am right in your neighborhood so it shouldn't be any financial strain to ship. I would rather get anything than nothing. Thank you. @Rob, I'm still trying to wrap my head around what occurred between March 20 (Bluegiga is here! We're ready to go when they start to deliver the modules because everything else is built!) and April 21 (There is not enough money to finish this project because I spent $90,000 on electrical engineering alone). You can post all the Monday updates you want, but that still doesn't answer this question. If only I can get a lawyer on my side of the world to deal with kickstarter or this project I would. I think all backer should start a project to sue this guy's ass off. No win No fee right This is a shit stain on the American Dream! I had my lawyer contact Kickstarter and they referenced the lawsuit that @Stephanie linked to below and got a good response. Now it's up to the court system. The only reason Rob is updating us again Is because he read the article and the lack of communication was the key to winning the lawsuit, but luckily we are exploring other avenues. I suggest you all do the same! second time I get robbed backing a project, because of people like you I will never back another project Where is my order? What is going on? @Joe Pursel - I created an account on the website. I sent Rob an email asking about ordering an Elroy, the expected shipping date, and he responded that I shouldn't order one because there was a delay. This was a few weeks ago. I told him I thought he should take the website down as not to confuse people. My point is the website is saying everything is in stock and shipping. Who is getting lied to? The original supporters or web traffic? If I ordered one from the website, would it ship in 3 weeks, as stated? <url>"[I have] great taste in projects", but still, I'm here, and in Juicies+, like you are! ;-) I still cannot connect the dots. With earlier updates indicated everything went smooth. Bob showed the boxes for shipping and even choices of colors..... Even refund of $10 was offered. What had happened? I really do not understand why a product was ready to ship and actually not ready. Are the finished pictures we saw a hoax? Those boxes and thousands of labels are also fake? Or Rob destroyed all of those batches and start all over because there is a new component? @Gift of Gab - maybe look at my profile - I'm not in the US either. However, Kickstarter - the company who facilitated your relations ship with Elroy for a fee, Amazon who delivered the money to Elroy Project for a fee, and Elroy Project who took your gift with absolutely no binding legal terms, are in the US. You might call that investing. I call it speculating. I think the project should be terminated. No one will be willing to put up additional capital. Not trying to be negative here, I just don't see how this project can continue on. What are kickstarters terms and conditions? Regards to underestimating the funding needed and now no product in sight....Rob what are the alternatives? How will you raise the finance? @ Allen, there is no perfect product if it is not marketable. Since this campaign began, several manufacturers have launched very competitive ( or better) products so to try and make this a market success after yet another setback is impossible. So, no, you will not be getting a superior product, just another one in a growing offering. @ Rob, please enlighten me: you raise money, travel to China and get manufacturing going, you have a product and are about to start shipping......BUT.... Then you realize that what you have accomplished is subpar to what you have promised and now you are worried about KS terms of service and backer backlash. All of a sudden BlueGiga appears out of nowhere and you are saved, BUT.... Then comes secrecy, non-disclosure agreements, waiting for the module to officially launch. At that point I made a comment you have disregarded: you are either the luckiest entrepreneur on KS or you are giving us the "spin" and buying time. I guess we know the answer to this question now. So, having the units ready for assembly and THEN saying you would replace the heart of the unit with a better one meant that either you WAY overestimated the cost of the original units so you could afford it or that you made a bad mistake and don't know how to recover. I think the latter was the case. So you knew right there and then that there is no money for a do-over. You could have invested your own money to make this right, Rob. I am sure you could afford the overage. But you probably know that your product would be dead on arrival and is too late to the market. So you killed it. Just go ahead and admit: this project is dead, give us all a $10 gift cert for Timbuk2 bags and let's move on.... @John Driggers: Kickstarter is not limited to within the US only, and even if it was backers invest more than money, they also invest in their time. Have you tried looking up the definition for investment? You can invest in anything without having it be regulated. Rob, I remember you are actually going to sell this for $79 and everybody is going to get $10 refund. How can this refund becoming a deficit? Technology is different than custom bags. Timbuk2 customers can wait and the value won't change. Although apple pretty much update its iphone every 2 years, they still need to come up with something in between, like 3S, 4S and 5S. I know you want to offer a prefect product which is really nice. But delay and wait for better components won't help a project like this. With you running into deficit, I don't know how this project can be completed. Thanks, Allen Hi Everyone. This petition is now up to 18 signatures. Rob has mentioned it in his latest update (and I have replied - go there to read more), but I will summarise here: Refunds are still not being issued until the product is delivered, for which there is still no ETA. At the risk of being too frank, this petition pushing Kickstarter or Rob to take action may be the only way we get our money back. Please sign if this situation strikes a cord with you. Thank you. <url>"investing" is regulated in the US. You didn't "invest" in anything. . Stick with it Rob! Make it work. It'll be worth it! Hi My name is not on the list and i have sent a message to you many Times both in kickstarter messages and emaill. Plz Add me to the list. so IF i don't request a refund, is the project dead? will the technology be outdated if the Earbuds every are produced? I was told by Rob that he would refund me but it'd have to be after everything's over and I'm okay with that because I don't think it's appropriate to demand a refund right this second. That'd be impossible for him to do that for everyone of us with how much he has on his plate already. I feel that Rob has always been true to his words and as an investor, I'm lucky to even get, not a refund, but my money back (know the difference). I believe in Rob, but we all have to be patient with him. Although it has been a year, Rob has shown to be one of the most transparent project managers on Kickstarter with quality updates. Some project managers can't even communicate effectively, and putting him down isn't really going make things go smoother for him. I think it's pretty immature to have to make a petition and to call your credit card over spilt milk. We're all adults and should know about the risks that come with investing on Kickstarter. I do agree that a month with no news is subpar of what Rob has shown us before, but I've backed projects where we only got updates every couple of months, so I personally can't complain. I've created a petition if you want to request a refund: <url>"A project is something with a clear end, like making an album, a film, or a new game. A project will eventually be completed, and something will be produced as a result." And also of our interest in this discussion : "Show your work : Projects must be clear about their state of development [...]. Projects must show details (photos, videos, sketches) of their progress so far, along with a prototype demonstrating the product's current functionality. [...].". We used to have all that from Rob. Not soo much anymore ... Wow. Bunch of people who just don't get it. Yes, you put your money into this. Yes, you were promised a freebie for putting your money in it. It HAS been a month since the last update. Guess what. Tough toodles. You didn't "buy" a product. You "invested" in a project. Maybe that project has failed. I hope not, but, that happens. Regardless, you were NOT promised a payback on that investment. If fact, by the entire philosophy of Kickstarter, you cannot get a payback on that investment. If the project fails, your money is gone. If the project succeeds, your money is gone. Hopefully, Rob and the engineer are working hard to get the updated BlueGiga module integrated and the Elroy in production. If, as some have said, it is too little, too late, oh well. Failed project. Deal with it. this is what i got from kickstarter Thanks for reaching out again. I'm very sorry for the delay and the lack of communication you've experienced in regards to receiving your reward. I understand that this can be frustrating, especially when you haven't received a response from the creator. We have reached out to the project creator on behalf of you and your fellow backers, and have encouraged them to post updates to fill you all in on the progress. It appears the last update was posted on March 20th of last month which highlighted some reason as to why there has been little communication and a major delay in production. The creator also included a detailed response in regards to refund requests and provided a direct email to contact for reimbursement. For your convenience, here is a link to the update: <url>– as well as the contact email: <email> Again, we appreciate you taking the time to write in and tell us about the experience that you've had as a backer of this project. We take fulfillment and the relationship that a project creator builds with their backers throughout the lifespan of their project very seriously. We are constantly trying to improve the eco-system of Kickstarter, and will certainly use your feedback in hopes of continuing to grow and make a better community for both project creators and backers. Thank you for being a thoughtful and active member of the Kickstarter community. All the best, Jes Rob I've tried to reach out to you a few times this week for that refund that was promised to folks who requested it just to provide an update since it seems quite ridiculous to take a month to promise a refund. If I don't get a response I'm going to have to go with what SOYESTRADA did, CC company chargeback, unless a response with a 'refund' is coming soon (IE within 5 business days). Rob, it's been nearly a month since the last update, what is happening? We had wonderful weekly communication for the longest time, but now we have these long breaks between communication. Can you tell us what is going on? Can we go back to Monday updates please? I am still looking forward to this product, but would like to know that it is still progressing. What happens? If he does not communicate at all? Do kickstarter become involved? Initially excited about this product but 1 yr later, 6 months past due date, and almost near zero communication and I'm on the verge of calling the credit card company for a refund. I'm guessing the Elroy Project won't refund it. HI there, Tomorrow is one year since the project funded and there is nothing but wait and wait. Technology changes very quickly and one year is too long. I don't necessarily want refund, but I do not agree to keep waiting for some new parts, then another new parts. Otherwise, there won't be all these iphone generations. See what I mean? Thanks, Allen I too was wondering about progress, because every time I jog with my headphones oin, I get caught up in the wires. Perhaps we should just rename the product "Elvis" and have done with it. But seriously, as so many others have said, it's better to share the problem than go dark about it. 1,543 backers & $144,463 in pledges are waiting for an update or refund - give us something. Some type of update would be nice 3 weeks since last update, please throw some fresh chum in the water for the sharks. Great job. The reason for not communicating was NDA? Now what it is? What is his Twitter name? I am so done with this!!!! @SOYESTRADA -- yes, some cc companies will give you a credit if you are a good customer. However, that only hurts the cc company (not that they are the most honorable corporate citizens in the world) and does nothing to keep kickstarter and rob honest. I don't know about the rest of you, but that's what I want to do -- $89 I spent over a year ago is water under the bridge; making sure that kickstarter holds its creators to their promises is much more tangible to me. also why on the website does it say that Elroy is available and in stock lol they cant even get that right.... Elroy Project is a dud. He's on Twitter all the time, a quick update even stating there is nothing report and hope to be done by........I want my money back. Technology changes day by day. These lengthy periods will eventually affect the products wow factor, as other companies have created bluetooth earbuds. I think the best thing is offer the refund and have regular updates. At least this would appease the buyers. Sorry people, I have waited patiently but now I just want my money back Happy almost 1 year anniversary - how about an update or a refund? @Mark Tuart -- Seems we're on identical paths. I got my Jaybirds yesterday and am very happy. The same cannot be said for my views of Rob, obviously. Hello everyone, I have my Chase Amazon credit card linked to my KS account... I called credit card dispute's department a few hours ago and explained to them the MIA situation on Rob (the product owner) and how the product is not available almost a year later. Also how there is no time line of when it will be available and how Rob refuses to answer emails. The lady operator was really helpful!!!They will refund my total amount within two business days. If you feel disappointed like me on the result of this KS project, you might be able to get your money back if you used a credit card to pay the pledge. Even if Rob announces that Elroy is being mailed out as I write! which I doubt it!!!! I'm not interested in this product................. I don't want it! He burned his bridge with me........ Another Monday and silience! WTF!!!!!! Well, it's been over 2 weeks and no update. We are backers and the backers of any project, etc. should be get regular updates. This is even more critical after delays. With no data, people will assume the worst. Update please. @David Clearly not since the last update is 18 days old. Are we going to get regular Monday updates now that the NDA is lifted? A new update would be nice. What are the latest bluegiga salesman promises? Another scam!!!! I will never ever back any Kickstarter project! %$# !@ Any news on this? I would also like a refund, email sent This product is now obsolete. There are better, TESTED products on the market. However, I am looking forward to mine as it will be another in collection of useless, overdue KickStarter products I have been suckered into supporting. Good job, Rob!!! @James - got your Blue Laser from the Redpath yet? Seriously, as has been repeated ad nauseam, it's not as much the lack of a product as it is the lack of communications about the product. I think - like Marie-Andree - going from a comment every week to absolute radio silence was a bit much, and using an NDA as the excuse pushed it over the limit. Thing is, a lot of people DO realise! What we didn't realise is that after promissing to be very communicative and transparent (and being so), Rob would just go dead silent for many weeks hiding behind its NDA with Bluegiga. Most people do understand the delay thing, but not the lack of communications. There is more to the Bluetooth Earbuds then the PCB! Wow this is the first time I've read the comments on this project. The general impression I get is some commenters didn't realise what Kickstarter is, the risks of backing any project or read the terms & conditions before backing. I find this disappointing. I had never tried Bluetooth Headphones when I funded this project, and was looking forward to using them as I like listening to music and books while engaging in physical activity. After almost a year with no end in sight I bought some Jaybird bluebuds X off the apple store. They arrived in 3 days and they are amazing. If there is anyone holding off trying bluetooth because of this project I would advise you to just buy some. This is the last time a pledged something on Kickstarter and going to tell everyone that it sucks. It not the money but the problem that Rob doesn't answer emails, send no updates and Kickstarter doesn't care what happens. I just want to stop because I already have another headphone. Hang on, he has time to send you a private message but not post an update about this? Tell him to get off twitter and talk to the people who trusted him with $144K. I don't want to read comments anymore. I don't want an update. I want my money! I may not be able to get a refund on this project, but at least I added my complaint on this crap of a project to KS. I hope KS makes some changes soon if they want their website to be successful. Hey guys, I sent a message to Rob and luckily got a message back. Basically the sum of it is that the engineer is finishing the final integration of the chip and once that done, he will post an update of what is going on and also with refund instructions if folks want them at that time. So basically, for all the angry folks, wait, at least he acknowledged that he refunds are coming for folks possibly very soon. Also, I'm with other folks here, considering everyone knows Rob from Timbuk2, setting himself up intentionally with such a big failure would probably damage his business or career for at least a couple of years which is not worth the 144k considering how much time that is when you think about it. The end of the quarter is in 2 1/2 weeks, so folks should at least give him that benefit of the doubt before sending him a flood of message for requests or whatever. Well, I'm guessing that first version was not working at all. I'm guessing that the new Bluegiga product is not ready for production. I'm guessing that new version of Bluegiga product does't help, and that the second version of the earbuds don't work either. I'm guessing .... and on and on! I'm also guessing that my guessing would not had happened if Rob had "post updates every Monday. This way [the backers wouldn't] be guessing what's going on or when [they're] going to hear something." Requested a refund months ago and still haven't heard anything.... "Key to managing customer expectations is communication. As the project proceeds we will post updates every Monday. This way our backers won't be guessing what's going on or when you're going to hear something. If we have other big news to report, we'll do that as a "special update."" So, what's going on and when will we hear? "Nothing new to report" is still a report... "The delivery timeframe is achievable even with a few setbacks along the way. This project will be a challenge to accomplish if we just barely break our funding goal, but even at that, we believe this project can be completed in a timely manner." Zzzzzzzzzzzz! Of course, seeing how this was paid for a year ago - I'm thinking there is going to be very litle recourse. For me, I stupidly used a credit/debit card. I believe the proper terminoloy would be that I'm hosed. How does this guy sleep at night. I should have figured something was up when his weekly updates were about the meals he had with his family on his kickstarter funded Asia tour and not really about the product. He had to have known from the start that the bluetooth wasn't working. @Suzanne Have you tried going to your payment service (Amazon, probably) to get a refund? They will not investigate this project though. @Suzanne - translates into "We took our 5% off the top before the creator got his money. Anything that happens after we get our cut is your problem." If you complaint to Kickstarter, this is the form email you will receive -- essentially, you are stuck: -------- Thanks for reaching out and bringing this to our attention. I’m sorry to hear that backing this project has been an underwhelming experience, and that it hasn't quite panned out as you'd hoped. As a backer of the project, you played an important role in its development. At this point, I encourage you to reach out to the creator directly with input about the project, and the updates that are being posted. To message a project creator, simply go to the project page and click on the "Contact me" link under the creator's name in the bio section. Receiving constructive feedback such as yours may help them to resolve your issue, or even improve their process or communication down the road. Successfully funded project creators plan their project around the funding they received while it was live on Kickstarter. As a result, these funds are often tied up in the completion of the project, or fulfillment of rewards. That said, if you'd like to see if a refund may be possible, you can reach out to the project creator directly by sending a message through the site. We appreciate the time you took to send in your thoughts, and hope you continue to find new projects to get excited about in the future. We’ll continue to evaluate experiences of backers such as you, and take these into consideration as we improve our platform and policy moving forward. Will another monday go by without update/news? @Edward Try Amazon, Paypal or your credit card company, depending on which payment method you used. I really like to have a refund for this project. I already bought an other pair and don't need this anymore. How do we do this? I mailt him several times but no answer. Refund I would like a redund too is it possible? @Felix Kickstarter will do nothing! Try Amazon, Paypal or your credit card company, depending on which payment method you used. I have not heard back by Facebook, Kickstarter or email in over 1-week now. For those who are requesting a refund, good luck - this man has stolen from you. Here are 2 main things that are getting to me. And mind you I rarely post on the comments. 1. Why does it say "In Stock" if you are going to purchase. Someone isn't being told the truth, right? 2. Why on his Elroy website are they selling for $79 when we paid $89. Of course that this is going on for a year with an idea and technology that isn't very special anymore, I'm feeling like we spent good money for something won't be very exciting when it finally arrives. Assuming it will ever actually arrives. Here's to hoping for a positive surprise soon. Doubting it though. Honestly, I feel like this KS has been a cluster headache from the word go. Even the words Made in USA, right there in the page title weren't true in any meaningful way, and Rob knew it from the start. As someone mentioned on one of the updates, SONY has this product out already as the SBH-50 for $63 on Amazon, so I have now paid $10 extra for this pig in a poke that has sent Rob on some nice trips to China. So maybe he can get some "extra" time from the engineer to put an elroy skin on some of those SONY ones that work and just send those out. I appreciate that he has an NDA with BG, but it doesn't keep him from just sending out a weekly missive just to let us know he appreciates our 144K. I don't want a refund here, I just want my gadget, but it's starting to feel like vaporware. It's sad, he has time for keeping up his twitter account but not for working with his backers. I hope we are all wrong but the angst and anger is now understandable given the state of this one. In the future I'll likely stay away from Kickstarters which rely on technical innovation and manufacturing. A real shame since this category is what originally excited me for the the first part about KS. I guess we need to rely on private equity or larger electronic companies for innovation with regard to technology... BTW what's wrong with the existing Bluetooth module??? After this I don't think I back another project on KS due to the lack of protection for the investors. This a year now waiting for his new bluetooth module. Take it as a loss and move away from KS unless they change there policy on releasing funds. Just notice 2 people had put a $1000 for there earbuds.............. I want my money back. I messaged you via Facebook & Kickstarter over a week ago and have had no reply. I feel like I've been stolen from. Please contact me ASAP to process my refund. Not sure if this is tied to anything, but his facebook page link no longer works. That's generally not a good sign. I can't imagine that $144K is worth tanking your reputation and possible career over so I don't think he's intentionally yanking our chain. HIs latest update has me puzzled though. Trying to get some "free" time from the engineer? Seriously you owe people $144K, pay the engineer some overtime and get that module integrated. This should've been a priority of "yesterday", not spare time. If you can fly to China multiple times to work with suppliers, pay the engineer some extra and get it done ASAP! How do we get our money back? It's a looooong wait This user's account has been deleted. This dude has been spending our money for over half a year, taking trips all over the world and having one big ol vacation. I'm filing a complaint with my credit card company. This is the second project I've had to do this with. Kickstarter is a great place for liars and thieves. @Philippe I think that what is worrying people the more is the fact that after 56 good updates, Rob got silent and opaque at the worse moment: when he encountered the biggest issue of tbe project. I want to remind complainers that it is not a store!!! The initial goal for this project was $30000, he got more than 4 times the amount, as a backer i got 56 updates from him wich is great !!! We are here to give also a moral support to the creators . As Marie Andre says in a previous comment scam and fraud are not that common ... @David I'm also wandering about that .. Just curious - did anyone get the $10 rebate checks that were supposed to go out in December 2013? Oh my, the product is on sale on the website for $79....what? Question is, what is Rob selling in his store? Product with the old Bluegiga board? With the new one (probably not)? Vein promesses? The "Now Shipping" on the website is a slap in the face. I've waited patiently, but this may be the breaking point. I have been waiting patiently....thinking well let's wait, I am sure it will happen soon. I have just bought some decent ear phones now as lack of communication has disappointed me. I would like a refund please Interestingly, the website for Elroy states the following: "Now shipping - Please allow ~3 weeks for delivery while we ramp up initial production runs." The website does indicate it's for Elroy 1.0. Don't know if we're waiting for 2.0 or later. At this point, I just want my money back. Very disappointed in this project and Rob's lack of a response to our inquiries. It seemed so promising at first, too. *sigh* Rob - if you're watching please provide us an update... it's been too long @Marie-Andree - you've got me beat by about 20, but yeah, so far this is the one I'm probably most doubtful of, which is disappointing as it was one I considered less risky based on Rob's experience with Timbuk2. The fact that he seems to have completely moved onto other things, and is no longer responding to requests is a slap in the face of his backers. @Ron - good luck with that, the KS TOS is pretty clear that after funds are released to the project, you are on your own despite their lofty statements, Should we contact KS, perhaps they have some advice? just caught the Feb 3rd update. at a glance saw the word prototype, probably don't need to read more **REFUND PLEASE** @Maysio I've backed around 110 projects in KS, and it would be (if nothing is delivered on this one) the only one that haven't delivered anything. KS is risky, projects generaly take way too long to deliver (or estimation are really bad), creators are sometime bordeline incapable to run their business correctly, but scam and fraud are not that common! This is some fugging bullshib. Everything on Kickstarter is a fugging scam! You, Mr. Elroy "creator", are pathetic. With that kind of capital, this device should have already been in our hands. What does a new version of wt32 do for this product? Is it worth this additional delay? ah, it's a NEW version of the wt32. I retract what I said before. Rob says that he will refund those who ask -- but only AFTER the Elroys are finished and shipped! He claims he has paid all the money out to suppliers and manufacturers, which I can't believe it even close to true since (a) he obviously hasn't paid for the bluegiga module; (b) he raised almost 5x what he sought -- more than covering the set-up and mold costs, and with what must be a volume reduction in the per-item costs; and (c) he earlier admitted that he could make these for LESS THAN our pledges. IOW, he knows that there is nothing we can effectively do, and he is going to keep our money as long as possible. seems like they've released the part needed. <url>"update" if the supplier moves the date out, but a comment summarizing the info would be nice. After so many great communications, this dark side of the moon approach is a bit of a let down. Personally the delays had not bothered me, as we were kept apprise of the issues. I backed another project that is usually dark on communication, and very disappointing. That one was only to update at major milestones, who new that meant only a few updates would come out for the whole project. Could we compromise and at least get bi-weekly updates until things start picking up again? Mondays aren't the same without an update. Clearly, Rob is now practicing its new radio silence policy, which is regretable to say the least. :-( when I requested a refund, Rob told me he had a short list of refund to process and that he was putting me in the queue. This was a week ago...Since then I've sent him 2 emails and a paypal invoice but got no answer. It is disappointing coming from a man who wrote me: Back at Timbuk2 I instituted a simple product guarantee policy that said, essentially, "We want you to be happy with your purchase. Just talk to us if you're having a problem and we'll make it right." I don't see any reason to not have the exact same policy with Elroy... I have no problem sending you a refund via PayPal if that is what you'd like. Just tell me what you need so that you feel good, and I'll make that happen. All the backers who feel like they have waited long enough or who are just disappointed with Rob's Attitude should request a refund now. And who knows, If Rob reappears and if he is the man he says he is perhaps we'll get the refund that we deserve. @Francis I'm also a bid preoccupied by that, particularly considering the nice track record that he had to date. Looks like someone who don't want to face the music. where is Rob? he doesn't answer comments, doesn't answer emails... @Marie-Andree Poisson I agree and would love to hear an updated ETA for delivery. Hope there will be some good news in the next update. No new WT32 information on Bluegiga site or Twitter though. :-( Make the best and good quality product.. Im ok with the delivery delay.. I prefer a good product that a defective product because of fast delivery.. Thanks and have a great year all you guys Hi Can you possible give us a realistic time scale for delivery please....... Rob, I hope, you’re using the additional time until shipping productively, e.g. for some more software features. Remember the local monitoring idea, I proposed a while ago? Hi Rob. I have to say that I'm in favour of you sending us the best product you possibly can. That being said, I think that from a business perspective delivery delays can cause all sorts of unanticipated issues. Im concerned that if you spend much more time working on getting what is a version 1 product to market, you will be behind the big guys who are also bringing out similar products. Nokia just announced a couple days ago what is a product very similar to elroy. Pebble has been a success despite delays because they brought a mostly finished product that was best in class to market before they had to worry about competition from the big boys like Samsung and Apple. in order for Elroy to be viable in a marketplace with quality entrants from major competitors, you need to get to market ASAP. But that's just my business sense talking. I'll wait as long as it takes to get the best product for my pledge ;). Good luck! Elroy, Im ok with another delay. If you had released it in its current form I would have made a point to leave bad reviews and ask for a refund if possible. As it is now I am very happy to see you taking pride in your product. As far as I am concerned ALL first run products on Kickstarter are prototypes and I expect delays. The product descriptions and appearance still, in my opinion fit the stated goals from the beginning. If that changes I will join Francis's camp, until then keep up the hard work. Gary well…I’m sorry but apparently I don’t agree with the majority! Don’t get me wrong, this project has been very interesting and I love the monday updates as much as you all do, but come on! we’re talking about a 5 to 6 month delay here! I knows that delays are a common thing with kickstarter but still…(don’t tell me it’s not amazon…you’re backing a project not buying a product…I know all that already). But the delay is not the worst part in my opinion. What really bothers me Rob is that you were just about to ship the product but didn’t feel like it was worth telling us about the signal drop out. I mean this is a bluetooth device so the bluetooth is the most important part of it! You should have told us about this problem! If I can make an analogy it’s a bit as if we were backing a "watch project" for which the creator would give us great updates all along the way about the casing, the strap, the buttons…and just when he was about to ship the watch would make an update to say « hey… by the way, so far the watch doesn’t give accurate time! but I MAY have a solution… ». The Bluegiga guy told you the new WT32 would double the range but the range is not really the issue is it? The issue is that a body part could cause a drop out! what is the point of a bluetooth device if you have to hold your phone in front of it all the time. There is no guarantee that the new WT32 is gonna solve this problem. And one last thing, the Bluegiga guy told you January…but you told us August! Should I trust him more than I trust you? As you can see I am very disappointed and I know…I am apparently the only one feeling this way but I don’t care. I am sure Rob is a great guy, obviously with great people skills but that’s not enough for me. If I was still able to cancel my pledge I would do it right away. Rob, based on the latest update, it seems like you are a very lucky man. Your first electronics project, you start assembly of units with somewhat inferior bluetooth performance ( would you have shared this with us if the latest string of events did not unfold?) and boom! A Christmas miracle happens, BlueGiga rep calls, offers you their latest and greatest and with "first in line advantage"....wow! Again, I am extremely disappointed about the fact that there will be no Christmas Day surprise under that tree for a very special person I had in mind...However, I do not want an inferior unit, so props to you for being honest and willing to take a hit ( financial, as I am sure the new BlueGigas will be more expensive ) and deliver us a better product. Still, I have to admit, you are a master of information delivery (and control)... :-) Good luck and Happy Holidays!!! Some ETA on delivery dates? The best part about this project is the communication process to which Rob had been dedicated. I'm excited to see the finished product and pleased that Rob has informed us all about the successes and challenges he's encountered. Hey Rob, Keep up the good work!! Can't wait for the final product. Hello Rob, I am looking forward to your next update which is due...today? In any case, I think most of the backers really appreciate the transparency and honesty you bring to this project. I am certainly on the same boat, but will be disappointed if I do not receive my Elroy by the end of the year. As I mentioned, all props to you for the great work you have done but for a guy of your track record I find the 4+ month delay surprising... +1 to kulwinder , we waited so long for delay and now we want to know when not a why anymore, please make it clear and quickly than ever. Hi any update on the shipping date? I was hoping to receive it b4 Xmas Thanks have you received my special request about the buttons color? Are we going to have these in time to gift for Christmas? I’m not sure about the phone app for call recording. I haven’t found a good one yet. AFAIK there is no API for that. The good thing in implementing this in the Bluetooth device is that I can record all calls independently from the phone - especially with a multi-connected device like Elroy. I could record call with my mobile, the land line, the soft phone. It could even be a voice recorder. You don’t have to do a card slot, if you implement the memory onboard and provide USB access. I personally would accept a certain increase in size for that feature. O, and by the way, do you have any news on the local monitoring I’ve been asking some time ago? Here is an idea for the next revision of elroy: integrate a microSD card slot and allow call recording. Two features would be extremely cool: 1) when the user starts recording, elroy can play a previously recorded announcement message - that way laws around secretly recording calls shouldn’t be a problem. 2) record the contact information (number, name) when available through bluetooth - e.g. in the file name or in MP3 tags. This would make me consider an upgrade even though I’ve ordered an Elroy already. My impatience had been calmed! :) Waiting impatiently for the next update :-) 2.0 NFC no more bluetooth Again Shipping in the next few days I hope...... Well, it's not my area of expertise, it's just that I like (relatively) good sound quality. From what I read, newer Android phones support aptX - I have a Galaxy S 3, but also HTC One and others do. I think it's almost a standard on 2012/3 high-end Android phones onwards, but I don't have all the details. Truly $1-$2 a unit is steep .. I don't have experience on how much aptX enhances the sound quality .. Apple's solution is interesting, I might try it with my current headset. Perhaps there's a more knowledgeable backer who is more familiar with Apple's products and can comment... First time I've been directly asked for my opinion in a development-related issue - that's how crowdfunding should be :-) Rob, the meetelroy site omits a mention of aptX capability mentioned here in KS. What's the status on it? Regarding the buttons...instead of black/white why not just do silver or grey? It goes with both colors... Quick question - Can the Elroy be used while it is charging! Sorry if it was already asked/anwered but I didnt see it in the FAQ so just wanted to confirm. I have read other bluetooth receivers/transmitters that can be used while charging need to be re-paired when charging cable is applied - If the Elroy can be used while charging, will it also need to be re-paired when charging starts? Thanks! @Marie~ THANK YOU! :) @Jakester Not a silly question. Take a look at <url>"what style of Elroy you want," but where/what are the styles? Sorry for the "dumb" question. I've been so busy lately I think I must have missed that update. @Luke Try this:<url>~249€, and was wondering what quality to expect from music playback by the Elroy? All of my music is 320bit since everything else sounds like crap in my headphones, I would love to have at the very least 256bit audio playback since I most likely will store my Elroy in the carry case for my headphones and sometimes may want to use the Elroy, for hands free, with my Sennheiser headphones. - JL One of my greatest gripes with in ear cable headsets is that I can't hear myself anymore. Because of that I mostly remove on plug. Can you implement a local monitoring option so that what the mic records is monitores on the earbuds? That would really be a great feature. They change the format from being "squary" to being very organic, and they change the size from being a little bit bigger than a USB key to sonething between a USB key and a small mouse. A lot of very angry campers down there. sounds good Just one advice if you are considering modifying the form factor of your product : don't do it. War is on here : <url>#12 Where can we find info about add-ons? I remember pledging on one, but don't remember which one :-/ Hi Rob, Amazed about the shear complexity of you're project.. doing a good job getting us updates of milestones rather then filling out mailboxes with non-relevant info.. !! Question,.. seeing you're pictures of the wallchargers in update #23: Will you be shipping a USB wall charger fitted for European outlet's for you're European backers like myself..? this would be greatly appriciated! For those of us that live nearby, would we be able to tour the factory in Fremont during the production of the Elroy's? In my previous message ... For creators, not backers! :) @James That is exactly why providing info/updates (creators) and asking questions (backers) is important! For backers, it's by communicating that you are enthousistic about a project, that you are in control, even though you make errors, that things are happening, that you think about your backers, etc. That is what Rob (Elroy) is doing fine, and others not so much! you guys are tough. I know many KS people(includes backers and creators) aren't in business, own a business, or have business experience. Then when the creators get money they are thrown to the sharks when they are funded and get to know what its like doing business. Delays missed deadlines this is part of business and a business rule is to add delay when you put a date out. i.e you think it'll take 3 months to get something out add 2 months and make the date 5 months so even if its past 3 months creator didn't miss original date @Michael. Would like to say you are totally right, but their are many examples of projects, big and small, that don't update for weeks and even months, where people don't comment much or at all (Thermodo, Anomalisa, EarSkinz for Earpod, Lumio, etc.). Even projects near shipping and, more surprisingly in financing mode. It seems to be a tendancy on KS now. I call it the "Wait and see" approach, and it's on both side (creators and backers). But, when something goes wrong (Pebble!) or with videogames, and some other projects it explode! I feel like things seem quiet because Rob is doing his job and updating us frequently. Go check out some of the other funded projects (instacube for example) and you'll see what I'm talking about. It's mayhem in there because of shoddy business practices and crap communication. @King Pi We live on a small planet, don't we? @Marie I never lost interest for the project. The only reason that I seldom comment is that I am not good in English. I was even amused when I knew Rob will come Hong Kong:) @Rob This time, I'm not talking about you, but about your backers! :-) I'm kind of trying to animatevthem a bit!! Little bit surprise at the sudden lack of interest for this project. So KS is now really a pre-order store (pay and see) for most? Is there some new development on the base unit and package? i just have a thought that elroy would look great as a dogtag hanging around :) any chance have that additional extra ? I suppose so. Thanks :) What about a solderless jack, like @Jn proposed? Maybe a time-frame when the survey will be pushed out? Will Elroy work as a Bluetooth speakerphone for small group meetings? What is the reception? Update? @Jn Solderless jack would be really nic! Would also allow me, and other not too tecky users to use our earphones. Oh I can't wait to hear that update! Quick question, Could you guys provide a solderless jack plug for elroy? It would be nice to convert my earphones to fit elroy and not have a generic looking jack plug accompany it. :D An update towards the sound drivers to be used would be nice. :) Rob, had some people not be able to figure out that clicking on Configurations on the meetelroy.com site was going to get them to a place to pre-order so you might change that or add a menu item with the Pre-Order title to make it clearer. Hi Rob. If possible (not sure at all when a project is funded), you should remove the "Ending soon" on the front photo. Thanks for delivering the travel case with the earbuds. Can't wait to get them. Now when the Kickstarter campaign is over, will the Elroy tagline contest end too? Just curious... First of all, Congratulations on the Product Funding. I am extremely excited to be able to get this. Second, thanks for giving everyone the case. I know we didn't reach the $150,000 stretch goal, but I am sure everyone will be extremely thankful. Third, you probably read my comments, but I was thinking what happens if you included a radio. I am sure someone out there would be more than willing to make an app that would allow us to control the radio using our smartphones. That would be really amazing, and for me make this amazing. After making the comment, I realized that a screen is completely not possible. However, I think including hardware such as Bluetooth, NFC, Radio, perhaps proximity sensor or gyroscope would make this product so much more amazing. With an open API, this device would be really revolutionary. Using a smartphone to control volume, change Bluetooth devices, change radio channels that would be amazing. Thoughts? Congratulations Rob! I love this project, and I can't wait for my elroy. But, don't rush it, it's better to have a late but totally awesome product instead of a product less good but delivered on time! And finally, I want to thank you for your activity here at kickstarter and your regular updates, it really does matter. I hate to be a buzzkill, but I don't think we are even going to hit $145K. I'm bummed for those of you who want the case. +1 with @Angel question Wanted to recheck on @Jakester's question below regarding the case. I definitely would love to have a case for each of the three Elroy's I've ordered, but concerned that with under an hour to go, the $150k goal might not happen. Do we need to add extra pledge to secure a case? Or is there a chance we can buy it at the kickstarter price later on if $150,000 isn't reached? Thanks!...very excited about this. If most backers just add one or two extra items like 1 wall charger and a cord ($15) we will reach the next stretch goal :) $6,500 in two hours ... Anther possible suggestion is API support on some level. I am not sure how much additional functionality would come out of it, but maybe some developers could come up with something interesting? This is kind of late for the project itself, but any thoughts on integrating some kind of screen or radio functionality? NFC, Bluetooth, Radio, and Some kind of Screen would be super killer. Basically Sony MW600 on steroids? @Elroy team- We only have a few hours left. I was wondering on the add-ons it says "second EVA case". We only get the first case if we make it to $150,000 correct? If we don't make it we should add the case to our pledge even if it says "second". Is that right? Been posting this in a Google + community...Nexus 4 owners. People seem to read it early and post early in the day. I'm in AZ and do not get up at NY time. If you want to post there five hours from now go for it. I love the updates and how the designs are coming along. Is there a way to recess the earphones even further into the Elroy to make it more compact when not in use? Just something to think about. How about multiple Elroy's? I just adjusted my pledge amount ... I want a second one to gift for the holidays ... Since you can only send one survey with Kickstarter, you could do a little update and ask which color people prefer. Or you could use Surveymonkey or other services like that. Regarding color, have you sent backers a survey asking whether we'd prefer black or white, or is there another reason you've chosen that black will be the initial color if you can't reduce the minimum order quantity? How well do the earbuds handle sweat? Are these ear canal earbuds that seal the ear canal and so block ambient sound? Thanks Are the earbuds going to be the same color regardless of what color and style we choose? The NFC chip idea is really fantastic. I just put a Bluetooth radio in my car and have a few NFC chips and so now I get in the car and just touch the phone to the chip and the music is up and playing and everything is connected. Makes a world of difference. Would be a really really nice feature for this device. Oh thanks! I'm so glad a budget minded audiophile like me would benefit greatly for backing this product. :) Quick question, If for example in the future you would offer earphones that possess better sound quality, could us backers be provided with a discount since we funded the project? looking great, and i love the headphone design :) Any chance of having a NFC tag inbuilt to allow simple pairing. From my basic understanding and skim reading the NFC standards document for bluetooth pairing (<url>"active" (versus standby) could negatively impact battery life? But I believe you did answer my question that having the multipoint (standby) feature allows one to automatically switch from one device to another (standby) device without manually disconnecting from the currently connected device and pairing with a different device (which is what I was hoping for). Look forward to your test results regarding my other questions & whether Elroy can be used while charging (which is very important to me considering how much I use my headphones, mostly through a bluetooth dongle). Thank you and I wish you all the best in the journey ahead. -Sarang @Rob, Would appreciate if you would elaborate few things regarding the Elroy: 1) The magnetic attachments for use with our existing earbuds - specifically, how do they work. a) I was impressed with the "Shake Test" in Update #6. However, as I understand, this test was done with the Elroy earbuds that have the magnetic attachments "permanently" attached to them? How well would the magnetic attachments perform with third party earbuds? b) I have several pairs of earbuds at various price points - less expensive ones such as (modded) Koss Plug, JVC Marshmallows, Sennheisers etc that I use in the gym to more expensive ones such as those by Shure, Etymotics etc that I use for more "critical" listening or at night before bed without disturbing other family members who might be already sleeping. Are the magnetic attachments designed so they can be easily removed from one set of earbuds (e.g. in the morning while working out) and used with a different set of earbuds (later in the day while listening to a different set) OR would we purchase separate magnetic attachments for use with each set of earbuds that we want to use with Elroy? If its the latter, how much would each set of magnetic attachments cost? 2) Sound characteristics: a) Some of my other bluetooth headsets introduce a tiny, but noticeable, audio delay while watching a movie on my tablet or smartphone. This is usually not a problem when these are used with a program that allows manually fixing the audio delay (e.g BSPlayer on Android devices) but can be annoying if fixing the audio delay is not possible. Would we notice a similar audio delay and lipsync issues with Elroy (If I understand correctly, the delay is dependent on the internal bluetooth module used and is more noticeable with some bluetooth devices while not as much with others)? b) I understand Elroy will work with Siri on iOS devices. I dont own any iOS devices but own several Android and laptop devices that have bluetooth with voice activated features (e.g. S-voice on Android). Would Elroy work with these the same way it works with iOS devices (i.e. by push/hold the answer button) or is this feature specific to iOS devices? c) Does the multipoint feature allow using Elroy with multiple (upto 7) devices "simultaneously"? For example, lets say I have Elroy paired with my laptop (streaming music) as well as with bluetooth enabled cell phone and bluetooth enabled landline phone (e.g. Pansonic phones) at the same time. I would listen to music from laptop but when a call comes in on either of the phones, would Elroy pause the music on the laptop, switch to the appropriate phone automatically (or would we select the device manually?), let me take the call and then switch back to/resume music once the call is done? (Looks like an example of this might be shown in the demo video with the asian lady cooking at home as well as the asian lady driving in the car but wasnt clear and wanted to confirm)? 3) Using the Elroy while charging: As you might be able to tell, I have used several similar bluetooth devices (e.g. Sony MW600, Kinivo BTH360S, BTH220 etc) and am excited about the Elroy and some of the enhancements (I think) it might provide over existing devices in the market (magnetic attachments for third party earbuds, simultaneous multipoint connectivity etc). My final question (for now ;) ) is whether I would be able to use the Elroy while charging it at the same time. If I recall correctly, another backer (also a MW600 user) had asked this early on in the campaign and the answer was "we will be looking into it". Could you provide any update on this? Thank you for your time and consideration of my questions. -Sarang Can't wait for the even smaller version of these. I've wanted something like this since the first day I had a smart phone. Are we gona reach the 150k strech goal? What if not? @ Rob: Oh, and my comment below was intended for Elroy Project/you to answer. Hi! I became interested in this project so I backed it, but when I look through all the info and comments from Elroy Project, I don´t see anything about the SOUND?! What level och sound quality can we expect from the actual BT-unit and from the earbuds? Will they satisfy audiophiles? For example: What sound quality-level will the earbuds have compared to, say, Shure SE425 or other hi-fi buds? Are there any external reviews of the sound? For me, these will be used most for music, so I want to hear more about sound quality! Sorry if I missed this info somewhere else... Thanks @Rob: Eduardo is talking about the unit to attach to the cord of any existing pair of earbuds to create that magnetic activation feature. It was mentioned in the FAQ section. I would also like to know if that 'unit' will be included. I would assume it would be because it is not in the list of add-ons, but in your reply to Shadow, you did not mention that the Elroy unit would include this 'unit' …I think I used unit too many times. I suppose that the future survey will allows us to specify the add-ins that we chose (ex extra earbuds, charger, etc.)? PlusFoam, nice idea! Might you consider making the carrying case from PLUSfoam instead of EVA www.PLUSfoam.com My use case is my average work day of 2 hours on the train of solid listening, 3-5 hours of sporadic listening in the office, and 2 more hours on the return trip home. The rated 5 hours of talk time isn't quite enough for a day, unless the charging system supports simultaneous charging and discharging. Should I expect a longer battery life if I'm streaming audio than talking? If so, how much longer? Do you have an answer back from the engineer on whether the device can be used while it's charging? How big is the battery in mAh so I can determine how much extra use I can get from a Fuel charger? It may be too soon to tell, but I'd like to see a frequency response chart for the shorty headphones, on and off the Elroy. Hi Rob, Great project : ) Could you please tell me what the base Elroy module will ship with as I trying to work out if I should add to my initial package. Thanks Fun to watch progress :) Hope you get a big push to hit $150; to be totally honest I hope the funds go to faster/better production though! Just one quick question, will the "add-on" clips that you can use with standard headphones come in the initial package? Really looking forward to getting my pair! I just ran across an article on lifehacker(<url>#1 the flat cords. Another step along the disentanglement path. Thing #2 the flat backs to the earpieces. Could work toward moving the magnets closer to the edge of the box away from internal stuff that they might effect... If you didn't go with flat, the fabric corded thing makes for a fantastic quality effect on headphone cords. Another simple Q - maybe stupid one - is Elroy compatible with Skype in notebook/pc ? Or we need dongle? Great product! =) Can't wait to get mine! Quick question about the clip considering its vital to elroy's function with short cords. Is there another way we can attach elroy without a clip? Another magnet? Or alternatives to fix the clip if it breaks? Perhaps it would also be beneficial to add some sort of red-colored "strip" or "band" of paint coding to the right earbud as a quick way to distinguish between which earphone goes into which ear (it's easy to remember that RED is for RIGHT)? Subtle, cheap, yet effective. Communication is key! I backed many projects where communication was/is awful. And the fact that we have to argument this with the promoters and other backers do amaze me! I've backed a few tech related projects and so far all but Pebble have been extremely disappointing from a communication standpoint. Until now. Thank you for quick overall updates and direct responses in this thread. It makes me feel extraordinarily confident in you guys and the product overall. More should watch and learn how you're engaging with your backers. Champion... this is exactly what i have been looking for! Hi! I've looked through the main page, updates and the comments, but can't seem to find any spesifications on the microphone that is going to be used. Seeing as how this is one of the main features for me, it would be great to get some specs. I see a few comments back that you might include noice cancelling by adding a second mic, is that right, or is this a "Elroy 2.0" feature? Would love to be able to get ear hoops for the buds, it will really help when out running. Ear buds always fall out of my ear when I'm active. What if you want to order more than one??? I think it would be nice to see a $175 price point that gets you two! I know I want to order more than one, and it would end up nearly doubling some pledges! Have you considered offering a bamboo faceplate option? I have a question about the oak face plate. Can you feel the texture of the wood or will it be glossed over so that it feels like plastic. You can see Elroy in different colors and styles in their website: <url>"Duct Tape" Grey please! in the pledge it said that we can choose color and style prior shipping. What are the options for these "color" and "style" ? I heartily agree as well. I think I may have been misunderstood. First, I love the design as it is. Second, I was commenting on the video shown - I'm not sure it's up to date. There's a scene there showing someone answering a phone call with an earphone. The cords albeit short seem to be dangling. The headset part refers to a simple add-on design I have in my mind, which would leave the main unit as it is. My personal experience with the HM6450 is very good - I see value in the regular design of a headset, and a convertible mono/stereo headset is the best of both world in my opinion. Naturally, that opinion is not held by everyone :-) Personally, I like also the idea of cool add-ons, which expand usability. I think part of Kickstarter's strength is the communication between developers and backers. It's up to the developer to decide what to do and how to design, but sometimes the backers can inspire and provide valuable feedback. I wouldn't worry about features for Elroy 2 - in the next year or two there will be enough advances to implement to enable a novel device. Even today adding an FM radio and a compact mp3 player (a la Sony Smart Headset, only done right) would make a new attractive device. Hope to see us reaching the next goal soon :-) Uhmmm, duct tape, too teckie for me ;-) Very well said and I agree! Even though you may want to perfect every last detail in this iteration. There can always be a version 2.0 in the future. Also always prefer function over form. If it lasts 16 hours, sounds great, and comfortable in my ears: you can wrap it in cardboard, duck tape it to my chest and I would be ecstatic! Hi Elroy, Kickstarter is great because it gives people the privilege to be apart of truly innovative creations! Kickstarter is bad because it gives people the notion that they can customize those creations to their personal requirements. Too often I have backed out of projects because the creators vision became distorted by imposed will. I believe in YOUR vision. Keep up the great work! Custom designed headphones :-) Any chance of a design that will make the cords fit tighter when attached to the unit? I think it looks awkward in the video, walking with the cords dangling .. Besides, if I were to use it for talk only, as while driving, I wouldn't like to have the earphones attached at all. (I have a cool design idea to make it a headset as well ;-) ) About noise cancellation - usually it requires 2 microphones. Is that the case here? Hey... Thanks for confirming Siri compatibility... That makes a massive difference, as making calls whilst driving/or any other activity will be possible now without having to dial out from the phone :-) Stretch goal 100k $ reached! Looking forward to an update on the design and specs for the Elroy headphones This is so cool! Love it, but is it possible to get the elroy + 2 earbuds. How strong will the magnets be? Just wondering if they will be strong enough to hold the earbuds on even if they were shook about a bit. Thanks Matt Cool product! Regarding the Shure and Sleek Audio system. They use it because, most of time, when earbuds broke, its the cable fault. So you can replace the cable for 20-25$ instead of the hole thing for 100 - 300$ @Marie I think that is just a graph to illustrate Elroy's idea. That is not instruction for our own earphone cord. That part is quite straight forward. It's the "reduce the length of the cable on our earbuds" that is not clear. A small sketch on how to do it appears in the project page but it seems that some DIY steps will be needed. In FAQ: Can you add a magnetic activation feature for my existing earbuds? Yes we can. Before shipping product we will have a small unit that will attach to the cord of any existing pair of earbuds. This little tidbit will look like the magnetic piece on the back of the earbuds you see in this project, and will allow you to connect your own earbuds to the side of Elroy so that you can answer/terminate calls in the same way. So I assume we can apply the magnet mechanism in any earbuds without complicated operation, am I correct? Not sure about the Shure, but the plugs that goes directly in the Sleek-audio earbuds are not standard 3.5 mm plugs. They seems to be proprietary. But if I understand correctly, we have to do some DIY stuff to use other earbuds? Would be great to have replaceable cable since it short circuit often. It could be like those (I know high price earbuds but, you can do it :-) <url>