Thanks Christine!! Yay Jessica!! Thank you so much, please spread the word! Everyone else, we're working our fingers to the bone to get your Cdocks in the mail asap!! Hey Michael, Ya we didn't see this one coming! :) We'll get everyone who backed for a five squared away. It will take us a couple days to figure out how to do that, but we'll take care of it. Hey David, We just had a meeting with the manufacturing and assembly team here in Portland. We should have some official timelines for you soon. Right now we are in the final stages of prototyping and testing! Vincent! Thanks for that great information!! What other apps have people found that they are looking forward to using with the c/dock?? We'll keep a list of your suggestions on our website! Harj, once we are able to negotiate a deal with the post office we will have final details on shipping. We're going to cover costs as best we can. We'll post an update when we know the deal for sure. Thanks everyone!! We're hard at work making plans for production and shipping! Thanks Michael!! Hugh, Sorry to say at this point we're not designing anything for phones with protective casing. There are just too many options to keep up with. But we think its worth slipping the bumper on and off! Hanna, absolutely you can have any version you would like! In about a week everyone who backs the project will receive a survey and they will be able to choose which versions of the c/dock they want within their reward level. So you'll be able to choose two brushed aluminum c/docks for iPhone 5 if you're at the double trouble level! Thanks. Thanks everyone! I'm excited too! Thanks Collin! I believe you are right! Here is what Kickstarter has to say: " Need info from your backers? Once your project is successfully funded, you can create surveys to request any info you need to deliver backers’ rewards, such as their mailing address or other details. " Hey Vincent, the app is called the Gorgy Timing Atomic Clock Collin, Randy: We haven't been through checkout before so I'm not totally sure what you're able to add. Do you know if there is a comments section? If there is, you could make a note there. That may be easier than adding more rewards sections for the various combinations. ie. I would like the Glossy Resin version for iPhone 4 and the Brushed Aluminum version for iPhone 5. Would that work? The c/dock is currently designed specifically for the iPhone 4. Assuming our Kickstarter campaign continues to go well, other versions are likely to follow - particularly a version for the iPhone 5. But we'll have to wait for Apple to release their secrets first! :) Thanks everyone! We're getting really close thanks to your help spreading the word! thanks so much. your product is awesome!!!!! Beautiful work, and thank you! I've received my c/dock however the aluminum face scratches the screen of the iPhone. It would have been better if there was some sort of film on the back of the aluminum to avoid this I got mine, and it's great, but I was planning to use it with an old iPhone 3GS, and it doesn't fit. Does anyone know of an easy way to modify either the c/dock or the iPhone 3GS to fit? I don't need to take the phone out again once it's in there, as I'm dedicating it as an alarm clock. I have an iPhone 4S, but it's inside a hard case which is inside a rubberized case, so putting it in to the c/dock each night and taking it out each morning is not really practical. Received my c|dock last week and I can't believe how beautiful it is! I keep looking at it and showing people who are all amazed it's an iPhone clock! Its truly a work of art! I'm _so_ happy with it! Bonus for me is that it was produced locally in Portland, OR and I'm real proud I was a backer of such a great local project! Thanks so much! I've been loving my c|dock ever since it arrived a couple days ago. It looks and works great and takes up almost no space on my tiny nightstand. Nice work! Got my c/dock this weekend and used it for the first time last night! Love it! Thank you for providing a product that I didn't even know I needed, but now can't live without! This user's account has been deleted. Hey..I would like to change my order to a white one. how do I do that? thanks Can't wait. Hey James, super excited to see the dock soon! I was just wondering, since there isn't going to be a redesigned iPhone, will backers who chose the iPhone 5 option be able to switch their order to the current design? okay, thanks james! whats the current prognosis on the timeline for the initial production? I have backed the project for a black glosse clock. My mission was to find the best clock app to go with it (since the atomic clock app that is displayed is not a free one...). Got two great suggestions for clock app alternatives: FaceClock - free analog clock with date an battery indicator in landscape mode, and Kensington Nightstand - free flip type clock with date and weather information in landscape mode. Both apps make optimal use of the screen in landscape mode, are free and look great. I'm not suppoprting these products, but I'm just giving my results of a day long search for the perfect clock app to fit the c/dock. I'm happy to hear what you guys plan to use. I'm still looking for a good app that supports landscape slide shows (preferably through a DropBox link) and has a clock on it as well. TTFN, Vincent Hi James will you be shipping to Vancouver Canada for free? Hip-hip Hooray!! Time to get crackin' on those docks, James! ;] Excited to be the first Triple Threat backer! Great idea James - looking forward to my c/docks! 3 days! Love the walnut look! It's a definite keeper! I think it is worth taking the bumper on and off as well! I was just checking for us lazy people hahaha! Thanks for the response! Would it be possible to order one that fits with the standard Apple bumper? Hi! I'm super excited for the release! I had the double $110 pledge but updated it so I could have the iphone 5 version instead ($65)... however this is just one c/dock, is there a way to keep the two c/dock pledge but have both be iphone5 versions (brushed aluminum)? Thanks fer yer time :) The walnut faceplate looks awesom Love the look of the wood and would select if if were to become an option... Congrats James, I can't wait to have the c/dock on my night table :) Yay - funding success! I can't wait to get mine and give the other as a gift! Yeah! I put you over the goal - so exciting :) Can't wait to get the c docks - but definitely want them for the iphone5!! Dude. Your'e there! With previous Kickstarter projects I have backed I have indeed seen custom labeled input fields for the surveys. I assume they give you a selection of form types (radio, checkboxes, email, dropdown, etc), you select the label and then they aggregate it all into an easy to use file or something else. In other words, yes, you will probably be capable of letting the backer choose the type upon finding completion. ^_^ Just curious what app that clock is from... On the note of Randy, is it possible that instead you ask at checkout what version or versions (if purchasing more than one) the Backer would like? (Note: I am looking for two iPhone 5 docks.) James, thanks for the iPhone 5 upgrade choice. What if I would like to buy 1 for the iPhone 4 and another for the iPhone 5? Can you add a selection for buying these two together? Thanks! will this be compatible with an iphone3/4 and an itouch? also, i know the iphone5 is coming out soon....will it fit too? thanks! Well, here's hoping... because I HAVE to have this!! Great design! I love how it has a certain Art Deco look, too. Good job and I hope you get to the 20,000$ pledge! This really needs to happen... I love the idea! Now I get it and I really like the video.. Thanks for the update.. Chris