Hi Michele, Here is the ProjectorARM video: <url>—WOW Thank You So Much! With the goal reached and 35 days left, I'm starting to think about stretch goals, but those would still be a little ways off. Ideas are welcome, but my main focus right now is running a good campaign and delivering some awesome rewards! Hey JD, All you need to do is read through the campaign page. The “My Store” and “Production Plan” sections make it very clear—I'm trying to be as open and honest as possible. The ProjectorARM, as I detail under the production plan, will be pieced together from existing phone holders. What I have now is just a prototype, and what will be delivered will be a custom arm because none of the existing ones work to my satisfaction. Just read that section. And the arm is only half of the ProjectorArm, the other half is custom Fresnel lenses, which are actually much more valuable then the arm. As for knocking off the neolucida, if you would have read the “My Story” section, you'd see I've been developing this design since 2005, and my camera lucidas are very very different from the neolucida—completely different optical system. I address that in one of the FAQ at the bottom of the page. But I see you just created a new account to hide your real name and only back for $1 to make a negative comment. Yes, thank you!! The link enclosed with the package doesn't work; is there a specific video for the projector arm or no? Thanks! Arrived today, hope my wife loves it! HI guys I just saw a documentary on Netflix. Its called Tim's Vermeer. I am sure you have heard of it by now. But I thought your fans might want to see a five star Documentary . It features David Hockney. Narrated by Penn. It follows an industrialist who may have cracked Vermeer's methods finally. It was made in 2013. Congratulations for having this project funded with such success! I loved your video explaining the incredible history of the early masters. I pledged $115 and am so looking forward to receiving my Lucida Drawing Tool. Thank you very much; this has been a wonderful opportunity and your talent and creativity are much appreciated. Cheers to you, Paula from Tucson Congrats on your successful campaign, guys! Woohoo! Looking forward to using this wonderful tool... way to go! =0) Backed it with all the bells and whistles; I've been wanting one of these LUCID-art units for a couple years now, but never could commit to "Checkout" on their site. :D I was also happy with them taking the time to quickly answer my query on Facebook (I work large and wanted to see an example done at the upper limits of magnification). Good people, great product, can't wait to get mine! One other question: does the new Arm replace the need for the "Photo Projector" listed on your site? I ask because I would be using reference photos or printouts more often than my phone. As someone who owns both a Camera Lucida and a Neolucida, I can attest that the two products serve different purposes. I prefer my Camera Lucida as it is a more professional tool that allows me to enlarge the image to greater degree than the Neolucida. The Camera Lucida is also sturdier and does not wobble. I backed the projector arm to complement my Camera Lucida and I am confident that this arm will be as well designed and useful as both my Camera Lucida and my Camera Obscura. Indeed! I can't wait to start using this. 26 days is too long! Hopefully that money keeps getting racked up in the mean time. I needed this today....why is it going so slow....lol..cant wait. JD - For the record, I did not state what I felt to call you out or "load up my comments and follow up for damage control". I am sorry if you cannot take the truth and were offended by it. All prepared to let this go, but I see you're loading up your comments "Metalmantr". First the big $220 pledge, then the follow up for damage control. I see how you roll. I feel JD made some valid points, however, failed to research them. Thanks for clearing those up, so I did not make the same mistake. I'm a little confused. I see that you are offering a phone mount system and I was just wondering, what is the difference between the one you "created" and the ones I am seeing on Alibaba and Amazon? It looks like you're asking for $25 and the exact one on Amazon is $14? <url>