Hi All, Thanks for the notes, and for our international backers please accept our apologies for the delay. We've shipped out a little more than half of the international rewards - still working on the other half, hope to get these shipped out ASAP. Working hard to get these out soon - thanks again for your support and understanding. Hi Jeff! Glad to hear you're charging away. We modeled the handle after cooking pots and pans - squeeze the sides of the handle toward one another then rotate down to close. Charge on! Units are shipping:) Shipping is still scheduled to start this week. We are really excited for our supporters to start receiving the Candle Chargers. Hi Peter! We're shipping all Candle Charger rewards with a Stower Candle. Any candle will work, and there are a few other candles and chafing fuels that can provide the 6 hr burn time. Do NOT use gasoline - dangerous stuff. Hi Todd! Started sending out surveys this week - you should get yours in the coming days. Exciting times, looking forward to getting you all FIRED UP and charged up soon! Shipping starts in about two weeks! Most have been built - we're waiting on a couple pieces to be finished before assembly of the last ones, then we ship 'em. We will send out our survey for shipping information next week. Hope everyone had a great holiday - heres to a charged up 2016! Thanks for the encouragement, Jon! Starting our build now (hooray!) hope to start shipping these puppies out at the end of the month. Good question, Jon! Any small flame will do - candles, cooking fires, small campfires. Pretty versatile. Great idea, Richard! Will perform and post the demo early next week. In our tests with the 4 and 5, we see a charge rate of 600 mA at peak and >400 mA over time. Thanks for the support, SkwrHdz! Yes, the cable is heat resistant up to well over 150 C. You will want to avoid direct contact between the cable and open flame, but the Candle Charger works great over small cooking fires as well as candles. And the P.O.P Kit comes with two candles - up to 12 hours of USB power! Hey Hewster! Sorry for the delay in getting back to you. Yes, other products use thermoelectrics - the technology has actually been around for years in car seat warmers, refrigerators, incubators, etc. Only recently have they started to make sense for power generation - mobile phones, extremely powerful machines, only need a couple watts to charge! The Candle Charger is the first of its kind designed to work indoors - thats a big deal. By being able to work over candles and fuel canisters the Candle Charger generates reliable, safe USB power indoors during outages. We're also able to deliver best in class efficiency with our thermal design and power management strategy - we're unique in that we directly charge smartphones rather than external battery banks (we charge those too!) Hope that answers your questions - would love to have your support and get you charged! Brian, you rule! Good question, Niels! We're laser focused on making the Candle Charger as efficient as possible and getting it into production. That being said, we're also still toying around with designs for a refillable canister, going MacGuyver on the candles we're using to see what we can do. Would love to see/hear your thoughts on this! A refillable candle is definitely interesting, and could be a great product on its own for camping. Thanks. Hi Hewster! First, thanks for your interest in the Candle Charger and for your early support. Yes, the Candle Charger works with other fire types, like other candles, stovetops, etc. But above everything, we wanted to build something safe and effective for generating power indoors during power outages - the design and efficiency of the Candle Charger does just that. Its also small and lightweight for camping! Hi Pete! Thanks so much for the interest in the Candle Charger! Yes, you can buy two - just double your pledge amount and we will make it happen. Hi Andrew - thanks for your support and the great question! We built and optimized the Candle Charger around commonly available fuel canisters, but yes it will work with other candles and fire types (small wood fires, cooking fires, etc). Working on a refillable canister design to use safely with commonly available kitchen oils - will send an update on this! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I still did not get my stuff either!! 3rd project I get burned on .. These fuckers will never deliver their stuff, i have been waiting since 2015 詐欺 These fuckers will never deliver their stuff, i have been waiting since 2015 I have not received yet Did not receive anything the enitre stower website has gone - seems any slight chance of delivering has gone . Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Still nothing in Asia... did you click on "Customer Support" at <url>"ll guess. Thanks. This is the latest information I've received from the creator, has anyone decided to take legal action? Does anyone know how that would work since I'm not in the same country as the creator? Hi Simon, To put it simply, we ran out of money - fought our way back in the summer and were able to send out about half the international rewards, then ran out of money again. Its been really frustrating and a little bit nerve wracking for our small team, but we're still committed and working on it. We have the inventory, but need to bring in some additional cash to fund the international shipping costs (which are ~$50/unit, more than the costs of the units themselves!) Didn't want to share this as previously folks have just copied and pasted our comments to message boards, and this is obviously sensitive information from a business standpoint. But we understand your frustration, and feel you deserve an honest answer. Still doing everything we can to get these out to you all as soon as possible. Again, apologies for the delay and thank you for your patience and understanding. - Andrew Did somebody, remove my contribution to this topic, I guess so! Stil waiting in the Netherlands, getting impacient! Who is living in the neighbourhood of team flamestower........ I've tried to get a refund by every possible mean. I've mailed them, I've messaged them here. To no avail. Apparently this is a company who doesn't accept refunds. Still waiting... Thank you, Gadgetman. It saves me the effort of testing it. Forgot to mention one thing, though... They wrote $15 as the value on the customs form, probably in a misguided attempt to save people money... Or to be complete and utter pains in the @ss one last time... Putting the wrong value into the form is DOCUMENT FRAUD! Or at best tax evasion... What happens to a package with an incorrectly declared value? That really depends on the customs inspector and his mood... Ever shopped from DealeXtreme? They used to declare '$1' and 'Gift' on all packages going to Norway... Until the customs people one year returned a whole shipping container! encouraging to read - backers are still receiving chargers , they are trickleing through. hopefully mine will come soon. (yeah I know) Thanks the review Gadgetman! It uses a peltier device so your right as it's the temperature differential that creates a voltage and power - so as the water heats the difference reduces and so does output - depends on the specfic materials the rates etc. Mine arrived a week ago, and today, after sorting the recyclables, I decided to kill two birds with one stone; test the Stower and make a good cup of tea... Since it was a balmy 8degrees C outside(pretty much a decent summer evening here in Norway), I decided to set up out on the verandah. I used the accompanying 'candle' for fairness. The item I decided to charge was my Caterpillar S40 phone(charge level 67%, and yes, it has a good battery) The water was ordinary tap water, so pretty cold... After 15 minutes the water temperature had risen to 65degrees C, and the phone battery had charged to 69% (no phone usage. It was on, but Wifi, BT, and GPS is switched off, and no pattery-depleting apps running) . After 20 minutes, it was still at 69% and the temperature had just passed 70degrees. After 30 minutes, the charge was at 70% and temperature was at 74degrees. And by then I had gone inside and made myself a decent cuppa by other means... I have a suspicion that the charger gets less effective as the water heats. Maybe you can get it to be somewhat effective by replacing the water ever 10 minutes... Is this a useful tool? Frankly, no. It charges the battery way too slow to be useful. My suggestion is to get an 'emergency power bank' that uses standard AAs and keep a big pack of those in your emergency gear. Smaller and lighter... You want to also make tea or sterilize water? Get an 'esbit stove' and a Trangia Mess Tin 212. The stove fits nicely in the tin, with lots of room for fuel, matches, teabags and even small packages of sugar, or possibly soup stock. Even that kit, together with a an AA-based power bank and batteries is lighter and more compact than the Stower. Don't forget double-bagging the contents of the Mess Tin, using Zip-lock bags. And yeah, I recommend packing both tea and soup stock. Tea is 'good for morale' and helps people relax. Soup stock is a good 'pick me up' drink or the beginning of a larger meal. Miracles happen. First Kickstarter revoked my ability to comment because of posting abusive content. It seems Kickstarter thinks one should lie back and think of England when robbed. Anyway. Today I received a package. It contained the Stower Candle Charger. Without any message. Still, at last I got what I paid for. I hope my fellow backers got or soon get the same surprise too ... I am in KOREA, I still have not received the stower today. Hmm. It doesn't matter much to me whether it's a case of malfeasence or incompetence. That is, not if there is no sign of guilt or responsibility. I paid and - apart from (new) promises - got nothing. Andrew Byrnes has damaged the Kickstarter-system, which is based on trust, honour and honesty. Andrew Byrnes deserves scorn, no sympathy nor pity. Thanks for the update Gadgetman. Apparently we are dealing with incompetent people here. I always assume incompetence before malfeasence :) Thanks for the very well written response! Simon, they claimed they were halfway through shipping in APRIL last year! And running out of money isn't an excuse to not post updates here. We KNOW things can go pearshaped. If they had explained that BEFORE they ran out, quite a few backers might have chosen to help out by tossing another $5 their way or otherwise 'finding a solution'. Or not, since they also seems to have made a mess in their first KS Project also. The creator of the SolderDoodle, a USB-rechargeable soldering iron also ran out of money, and ended up getting another job to earn the money needed to pay to ship the completed units. He kept us updated. <url>"Kickstarters" can do somethig about this scam ? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. So .... We've been had?? @Gert Jen. to be clear message was from Andrew. @ Craig Hi Craig, Thanks for sharing. Not clear whether Kickstarter replied or Andrew Byrnes. The moment I receive what I paid for, I will report about it here. Hopes are not up, though. Kind regards, Gert Jan Hi All, i made another complaint to kickstarter and had continued to try and message the creator. I got a message back today from them. Sadly not for publishing which I will respect. Have encouraged them again to post updates here or direct to all backers as all should know. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Hi still nothing in England Still nothing in The Netherlands :-( To warn off others (hope Google helps): Andrew Byrnes is a fraud. Team FlameStower is a fraud. Candle charger is a fraud. Candle Charger: Emergency Power Generator for Smartphones is a fraud. Sorry to bother co-victims with this. I just don't like to be fooled this way. @ Craig & Others: Leave a review at <url>"Available now" apparently.... unless you're a kickstarter backer... <url>"Team FlameStower says: Soon! Andrew Byrnes, Founder" (19/8/2016) Still waiting ... Trying to be respectful & considarate: not cool! Hello! So far I did nor receive the shipment; is there any update on the timeline? Thank you! Yap, yap, we've shipped a little more than half of the international rewards', yap , yap ,yap... Isn't that word for word what you wrote when I tried bothering you by posting at your Zendesk support site? Are you delivering them in person? They really need to do a proper update telling people what's going on. I got the following message a few days ago... Hi David, Thanks for the note, and please accept our apologies for the delay. We've shipped out a little more than half of the international rewards - still working on the other half, hope to get these shipped out ASAP. Working hard to get these out soon - thanks again for your support and understanding. Andrew Byrnes, Founder I think we can just forget about it. They're completely incompetent numpties, because according to the comments section of their previous project, they never shipped all of those, either... Yes, my comment may be considerd disrespectful, but then again, not shipping the goods and stopping the updtes or responding here in the comments isn't all that respectful, either. Oh, and we can SEE that one of them were online and at this site on July 22.... Hey FlameStowerTeam This is really dissapointing!!!! No Reply, No Shipment, Nothing..... When do you finally serve your Backers???? Regards from Switzerland. Val. I may have asked 'when will the Kickstarter units ship' on the Amazon page they're selling these via.... Hm... Last Login is June 29... Why no comment or update? Still no update or product. I think I'm left with no choice but to try to pursue a refund from my credit card company. I'd still love this product bit you've abandoned the people that showed faith in your company by backing this product. Please update us, and consider that it is now well over 6 months since our reward should have arrived. This company is turing out to be a major disappointment - broken promises and no responses to PM's and public posts requesting followup. I don't see how I can recommend other people purchase from a company that treats their customers this way. Dear seller, did you send the item to europe? Thanks @CandleCharger - I've sent several PM's but received no replies. I would appreciate if you would respond. @Gadgetman! that's important and useful information. Unfortunately their poor and irregular communication with backers viz- delivery process is really reflecting negatively on them I'm in New Zealand This is the response I got two months ago they should have been sent by now. How hard is it to put a courier sticker on a box. ============================================== Apr 12 2016 Thanks for the note and for your early support of the Candle Charger. We've shipped rewards to US and Canadian backers, and are starting to ship international rewards this week. Hope to get you charged up soon! Andrew Byrnes, Founder Bothered him on the Zendesk support section of his site.(Added a new question... ) and it seems they're about halfway through shipping international rewards. Please chaps you are not responding to email we are still waiting for our items in the UK but you are now selling these on your site and get it posted to UK please let us know what is going on I have to honest I am disappointed as was hoping to have this for the first week in July and i can not see that this is going to happen it is not fair that you are selling this but your investors are still waiting for there good and are in the dark as you have stopped responding to mails Please, please, PLEASE give us tracking numbers! The Norwegian post is 'kind of' unreliable these days, and not always sending out notices about packages waiting to be collected, so I've already had one one package returned to sender as 'uncollected' this year... Please update on international backers situation. It is starting to get a little concerning now. Hey Flame Stower Guys Still no News about shipping to Switzerland (Europe)??? The camping season is on and I would really appreciate if you would finally rush a little bit to serve us Backers as we could expect..... Thanks Valentin Dear seller, Will you send an email with shipping tracking number? Thanks Davide Any updates for shipping to Hong Kong? Any updates for shipping in China? I don't understand why update takes so long when you even have less than 1000 backers. Still nothing (Europe) seems time another update posted - has shipping completed ? and if so when - am in Australia so know it can take up to 6 weeks from the USA but good know when shipped so can case up if it doesn't arrive. Any news on shipping to the UK? Got mine today (in Sweden) Looks good and work great Still waiting for mine. Any idea when it will arrive? The response message from the Stower team was: Sorry about only getting one fuel canister, but I can buy a fuel canister at 30% off from their store. Not acceptable, what do you think? @Eric: did you get a response about only getting one flashlight? @Eric nope. Only one stower candle, unless the other one is invisible. Thanks for responding, wish the Stower team would. @nora at least you got 2 flashlights. I didn't, but the one I did get, IS rechargeable. Also, the other Stower candle is in the box with the Stower device itself. This is a remarkable system when you boil it down to its raw components (pun intended) but I too feel cheated. What was received in my P.O.P. kit was NOTHING that was pictured, but the Stower system does work amazingly well. Correction to previous post: the flashlights are USB rechargeable, my mistake. Still feel the kit was not as promoted and it did not contain a second Stower candle. Seriously disappointed in the long awaited P.O.P. kit that arrived today. The campaign billed this as having: A Candle Charger and two 6-hr Stower Candles for charging and boiling water Matches and emergency water pouches Long-burning candles and USB rechargeable flashlights A kickass multitool and basic first aid kit to take care of business Some hand wipes to keep it clean. 1. There is only one Stower candle included. 2. The “kickass” multitool pictured is nothing like the cheap tool included. 3. The 2 small flashlights are not USB rechargeable. 4. The Basic First Aid kit is basically a small box of bandaids. 5. There is one book of matches, but not the box as was pictured. 6. The long-burning candles are liquid, wicked candles about the size of pingpong balls. I feel cheated. good you've now sent an update- fact international have not started shipping was valuable - perhaps you could give estimate when shipping will be completed OR weekly updates - eg. all orders for country x shipped I suggest an update viz- shipping progress etc. is warrentted In Hong Kong, nothing yet... Please help, thanks. In Zurich, nothing yet :(. Any signs ? Still no sign of even a shipping notification. I bought this because of frequent power cuts where I live and also because I needed something to charge my phone while at festivals. Seriously doubting I'll have this before the festival season this year, or even at all. Please provide an update. I'm in Toronto and still haven't received mine sadly. Any updates? Still waiting on mine... I'm in Seattle, WA do I would have thought it would be here... I received mine. Toronto Area, Canada. Its everything it was promised to be! I had to pay 23 dollars extra for duty. This was not charged by Stower but because its an import (and the shipping company charges most of that for 'brokerage fees'). Thats fairly standard in my experience when having items shipped into Canada. I have not received anything yet. Can you give me the tracking Number? Thanks Davide Please can you let me know when you are shipping to UK? I'm looking forward to getting mine soon! (Maple Ridge, BC, Canada) Still no sign here in the UK, of the unit, or any kind of shipping info or tracking number. Starting to wonder if this was all a dud. Still haven't received it Still didn't receive anything. Any expected time to deliver? Where can I get more information? Why did UPS leave a note on my door saying I have to pay almost $23 to receive my package from you? I've yet to pay, as I want to know why I have this extra lovely payment surprise. Hi there - are you sending tracking numbers for international shipments ? When will the POP kits ship? I’ve yet to receive it and am anxiously awaiting it! I received the first one last Friday 2/26 and the second one today Tuesday 3/1. I've just received both of mine. Like Elizabeth I had to 'remind' them that I doubled my pledge. Just got mine! Just heard back and are shipping out my second one. Awesome customer service guys! Now to wait on number two to get here. � Received only one of mine today. Disappointed since I had pledged for two. Received mine in Indiana as well yesterday and seems to work great, though I only had time to try it out for a few minutes. The only thing I can't figure out is how to get the handle back into stower position after using it...it feels like i'm going to break it when i try to move it back. Got mine in Indiana by UPS ground so they are being shipped. Excellent packaging. Got to try it out tonight. @Doc TB.. thanks sir. UPS Ground Coming ups, usps or fedex? Got it today in LA ! Will try it soon ! Shame on you Stower don't leave is hanging or we will assume bad things. .. just tell us have we passed threw customs and when and how they are going to ship. That's not asking much just wanting to be kept in the loop. This is a backer who has backed you more then observe and is getting more then one of your products this go around. Thank you in advance for a timely response as to what's going on. Still no shipping ? Hi there have these been shipped to the uk yet please Hi, I received a UPS shipping notification earlier stating the shipper as Flamestower. Then this evening I received a cancellation notice from UPS... Everything going OK? Thanks. So how long will shipping take? I'm in the U.S. Well they include tracking information? Also will they be shipped usps, ups or fedex? @Lewin According to the creator's comment on January 26th under Update #16, they should start shipping rewards to backers the week of February 8th for those of us in the U.S. When are you guys going to be shipping? Wanting to know if you can give us some info on delivery time. It started December and now it's February. Not griping just would like to know weber we are at. Anybody got it? Hi, I live in Hong Kong. When will i receive my candle charger? Thanks. Where are the units expected to arrive in the UK? What kind of gasoline or other mixture should I put into your can to get declared 6h cooking time or is something that would make it burn longer? Have the survey ' s been sent out yet? Can't wait to get my charger! When does shipping start ? When are these shipping? Can not wait to get my hands on this! It seems like forever since I made my pledge. Keep up the good work! What's this 'no more candles' I hear people talking about? I buy 'tea candles' in 100packs, except for the scented ones from IKEA of course.(They don't come in that large packs) Since a couple of tea candles is enough to get an effect, why not buy a 50 or 75pack of the 6 or 8hour version, and keep for emergencies? Even if you burn 4x 6hour canles at a time, 50/4 * 6hours = 75Hours. That's 3 days and nights with 4 candles burning all the time. Just buy top quality tea candles as the cheap one can sometimes launch 1' tall flames... One of the guys from Top Gear once demonstrated 'winter survival' by lighting one of those candles inside a car, and using it to melt snow and heating the water. Regarding "any flame will do" - if we don't use the stand, can we put use it on a gas stove if the flame circle isn't wider than the base (and we keep the flame on low) and/or if the flame circle is larger than the base (and risks heating the cable) can we use it on a metal plate on the stove (ie, an old frying pan - and if necessary add an inch of water for a good thermal contact)? I'm just looking for options to use the stove in a pinch in case there is a power failure and I don't have any more candles. Will the Candle charger be able to just use the candle? or any flame? Has anyone seen the 'Warp5' charger? <url>"CHANDLER"? What about "Firepower" Yea! Charge on anytime What type of candles will work after the one provided is used? Are they specific for this device, or will any candle work? How long does it take to charge? And what about gas stove burner powered? Any possibility of offering the water bath in various colors? Could this could be accomplished with a hard anodized finish? Can you hook up a USB meter, something like this: <url>"candle" what could you suggest as a shield to protect the cable? On a multi-day power-outage I can see the possibility of running out of your "candles" and definitely needing another heat source. This is such a smart thing to have in your emergency kit at home! If I wanted to try using this by placing it on my electric stovetop, would it still work to charge something? Whelp, I guess I will have to cancel my pledge. Not sure why you are choosing to ignore my simple question if there is anything that is notably different than your competitors, such as power pot. I would assume you already know that their product exists, especially since you have backed their projects in the past. A simple answer even stating that the products are similar and just the cosmetic design is a little different would have sufficed since it would have shown honesty instead of blatantly ignoring a question. I was hoping to see that this would require a little less of a fire source than the powerpot, or possibly charge faster. Also... I see in your video that you use a normal candle under the pot instead of the canister candles... if you stated that normal candles would actually work that would have been awesome as well... although I think that was just for effect and marketing. Woohoo! First one to get the P.O.P. kit! Well, the candle in it´s current design is probably already refillable with kitchen oil like any tealight. The only thing required for an oil candle is the pod, wick and kitchen oil. What I don´t know is the difference in heat. I *guess* the problem and the reason you´ve chosen a special candle is to keep the heat output to a constant higher level than with a standard candle burning. Probably to keep the energy output of the device high and stable enough to constantly supply iPhones (which are especially picky) with the exactly right voltage. That´s perfectly fine if you´re just looking for a solution to charge up your phone two times during a blackout, but for other scenarios like a longer camping trip it´s a problem. Especially because you just ship 1 candle with it and - not being in the USA - ordering more candles later costs a lot of shipment costs. Guessing again I suppose the problem with the refillable canister is to keep the heat output to the same level as the original. But I don´t think this would really be necessary and I would trade greater flexibility (like being able to refill kitchen oil like you suggested) against a constant power output anytime! I plan to plug in a power bank (flexible about power output level) instead of my (i)phone anyway and would later recharge the (i)phone from the energy storage. However even easier would be if you would add a power bank to the device (2200 maH would probably be sufficient). Then you wouldn´t need to worry about the changing or lower power output. I am backing this, but I am really hoping for a refillable canister. Any update on that yet? Thank you for the reply. Is there any real difference between this and other products like it? Such as the power pot? Will this work with other candles? How about on the stove or other open flame? What makes it any different from other products such as the "PowerPot?" I love my Fire Charger (even though I backed it when it was Flamestower), but this is a nifty gadget too. I have a CASE of diethylene glycol chafing wick chafer fuel canisters that look identical to your Stower Candle. I bought them as a cheap, lightweight, non-toxic, and non-combustible source of flame that's safe to use indoors. It's a perfect solution for this particular use case. I have a folding metal stove to use them for simple cooking and water heating, but if I can generate power while heating water, that's a multitasker, and as a fan of Alton Brown, I highly approve of multitaskers. I'm looking forward to including this in my emergency gear! Such a cool project. Can we double the backing for two early bird units? I'd like one and another as a gift for a tech-ravenous family member! :) Thanks :) Thanks :) G'day :) I just wanted to confirm that it is possible to refuel the 6 hour candle (or substitute another, more traditional, candle) when the initial 6 hour candle is used? Thanks :) What I like is the "Bonus! The Candle Charger also quickly boils and sterilizes water, which you can reuse for cooking or making a cup of something nice before the grid returns.". So we have a dual use camping/emergency device. Woohoo! 1st backer! I have the original flame stower and use when I go backpacking. I like the concept of this one that it's more versatile with the candle or stern underneath it!