Thanks for the positivity from everyone! Quick update - I will be getting a full refund on the production, so all we're out is the time. More to come as I start this process over again! Just waiting on the slow boat from China! next week was the earliest I was told to expect them. I'll have photos of the samples up in a few days - unfortunately, I'm on a trip out of town for "the day job" right now. But to try to answer questions about how they all mate up: -The Card Caddies have a "female" groove on both sides, the Connectors have "male" ridges on both sides and the Storage Boxes are Male on top and have the female groove on the bottom. So you could have something like this (top to bottom): Card Caddy Single +Connector + Card Caddy Double + Storage Box + Connector + another Card Caddy That may start getting unwieldy getting so tall - I have been looking at ways to join items side-to-side, too, so we'll see.... @Dzero - regarding the mold for the Single Decker, I would like to have consistent products, but found that it was more involved than making the hole bigger - I also need to make the hole deeper, too, to accomodate a poker chip. Just making the diameter larger would have been easy, but making the hole deeper involves a whole new retool. But, it looks like a very large order is coming in and they don't care what size the hole is, so I'll be able to exhaust the current tooling on that, and have the funds to make a new tool for the Single with the updated design. I did the online "request for more information" from PledgeManager, but it took them a week to respond and I figured I didn't qualify or something and just went with Backerkit. For any new campaigns, I'll give PledgeManager some more time and weigh them side-by-side @Jonathan (and anyone else who didn't get the BackerKit link, here it is: <url># with the shipping box. They each weigh about 0.25 lbs, so every 4 to 5 units would increase the total package weight by around a pound, which happens to be where the shipping rates usually changed. The US shipments generally went up by ~$5 per pound and Canadian ones by ~$10 per pound, so shipping up to 4 or 5 Card Caddies was typically one price, then 6-11 items was another price band. So honestly, if you're just getting 1 or 2 items above your original shipment, you do end up paying that extra amount in shipping and not getting anything for it , but once it gets to 4 or 5, the shipping jumps to the next band. I do feel that charging $5/pound ($10/pound for Canadian and elsewhere) does reflect the real cost of adding additional weight to a package, but the communication and presentation of that fact wasn't good. Bottom line - if you're turned off by the additional shipping, contact me directly and we'll work it out. Your original base pledge includes shipping. The add-on items through Backerkit did not include shipping. Each add-on item is $1 in additional shipping for US, $2 for everywhere else. I've gone back through comments, updates and direct messages, and sometimes I made that clear, sometimes I didn't. It's easy to miss stuff in the comments section, that's my big takeway so far and I will make sure in the future to be consistent through the updates, comments and direct messages. If the additional shipping is a deal-breaker for you, I will refund additions funds you've added on to your pledge. Please contact me directly via email (<email>) or the direct message via Kickstarter to arrange a refund. Colors for the base 5 will be the same as the single deckers we currently carry. (<url>"real" price is around $6 when you subtract shipping, so that's what I made the add-on price in the campaign manager. I guess if you wanted to game the system, you could just pledge for one at $9, then add-on 50 more after the campaign in the Pledge Manager. BUT, I do have a token $1 additional shipping there to protect myself against that. @Dzero - all the Doubles will ship with standard plastic tokens snapped into the holes. Exclusive, additional poker chips are in the works. If I can make them happen, they will be a free bonus to backers only. @Pedro Chavez - no new mold for the Single Decker for now. @Steven Lieberman - thanks for the kind words. I am very happy with the support and the development of the product. I am in this for the long haul and want to build a product line that people really like, so sometimes too much growth too fast can be a bad thing. @Markle - there will be plastic tokens snapped into each side of the Double Decker Card Caddies that ship out with this campaign. I hope to have some cool surprises with exclusive tokens, too for backers only. @Vasilis Papaioannou - unfortunately, only what I raise in the campaign can I count towards stretch goals. I will provide the MSRP price on the shipping forms. For the add-ons, the prices per unit are cheaper than the Kickstarter price since shipping is already included in the Kickstarter price. Thanks for the questions! @Limbo - looks right to me. The campaign manager does add-on a dollar for shipping the new items, though. We made it! Thanks for the pledges! In the Pledge Manager, you'll be able to add-on Single Deckers for $5, Double Deckers for $6 and storage boxes for $3 @travicle (and dzero) - I looked at making the divider a triangle at first, so that you could then have a divider in both halves of the Card Caddy when open, but then the dividers would form a solid wall when it was closed. I was worried that it wouldn't provide enough grip and stability, but will definitely take a look at the idea again. I do want to stress again I can't promise that the dividers will be available with this KS - they should be fairly cheap to make a mold for and produce, but it all depends on how the base rewards come out. @Rudy - you're right, but it shouldn't be a big deal. so, if you're worried that upping your pledge with the intent to get Single Deckers will mess up the funding, don't worry! And, just to confirm how the Pledge Manager works after the campaign. let's say you pledge $50 for the $35 level, you'll have a $15 credit to get extra stuff (just Single Deckers right now, but probably storage boxes, too) There will be a pledge manager at the end of the campaign that will allow the Single Deckers and the storage boxes if we make it. I feel good that we'll at least get to the storage box - almost every campaign gets a good climb in the last few days. It's a big challenge to balance spending money on promotion that may end up cutting into the funds I raise from the campaign. I've got Facebook and Twitter ads going on now that are barely bringing in more rewards that it cost to run the ads. I did banner ads on gaming websites on the last campaign and it was a big loss on those. I need to become a better advertiser and/or spend more money outsourcing it. So I'll work on that for the next campaign. I'll just wrap up this comment by saying that I'm still committed to bringing out as many of these sizes and accessories for the Card Caddy as I can - it may be over a longer period of time than we want, but if the market's there, I'll keep pushing. Thanks to everyone for their support so far! @Wyvernrose - the Triples will have a $7.99 MSRP and as it looks now, on the next Kickstarter will be between $5 and $6 depending on the package @Jonathan - from what I understand, the Staff Picks are really just whether or not someone who works at Kickstarter likes the campaign. It does generate a bit of a bump in pledges from what I've read, but doesn't seem to be anything I can do to make it happen. Unless someone knows a person at KS I can bribe! @Tom Lommel - will do! The Double Deckers will have interior dimensions of 3.75 by 2.7 inches, and when I get the Single Deckers retooled, they will be the same. @Oh Zhi Wei-YuGiOh cards definitely fit! @Wynvernrose - got an email into them. Will keep you posted @Ann-Charlotte - I'll let you know what they say about fulfilling rewards. I think they will definitely want to carry it as a product after that campaign is over though. @Pedro Chavez - you sure can. They will be $5 in the pledge manager after the campaign is over @DZero - There will be plastic tokens (same width as poker chips, but a bit thinner) that come snapped into every Double Decker. As a special Kickstarter exclusive, I'm having some higher quality limited edition poker chips made that will go out only with KS rewards. All of this will be included with your pledge levels. I may make more of the exclusive chips available in the pledge manager for probably a $1 or 2 like you're suggesting. For the Single Decker, the mold is fixed (plus I have inventory on hand) at the smaller hole size. When the tooling reaches the end of its life, then I'll get a new one made with the larger hole. So the Single Deckers that will be availble after the campaign will have the smaller hole. Hi all. I'm still working on the design features - just not quite finding a design that I really like. I'll get out a full update tomorrow with some pix of what I'm working on. Now...onto some comments below! @Felkmaster Flex - what Chris said pretty much covers it. Some specialty games may need a bit of tweaking @Amy Robertson - the add-on price for the Single Deckers will be $5, however many you order. @Chris L - thanks for all the great pix of the Card Caddy in use and your "after market" mods - they are great! @Sara Bear - like DZero said, great idea! I'll be sure to put that in my next update. @DZero - Yes, but it will be in the pledge manager after the campaign. So, let's say you backed a 5-pack of Double Deckers. After the Campaign, you can move some of those over to Triple Deckers (after paying the difference, of course, but just a few bucks) @Ann-Charlotte - sorry to hear that. Board Game Extras (www.boardgameextras.co.uk) in the UK at least currently carries the Single Deckers and I'm hoping to have them carry whatever products get unlocked from this campaign. So, may be a month or two later, but you'll still be able to get some. Sorry to be out of the comments for a bit (flu + day job + Batman v Superman took some time the last few days) I'll get back on and go through everyone's inputs in detail. But, before I lost the link, I wanted to show everyone one of the better April Fool's posts of the day: <url>"Card Caddy Caddy" could really be a thing! Thanks for the mock-up. I will find some way to credit you if it happens. And thanks for the continued support and comments - I will keep you all posted on my product development work over the weekend. @Dzero-like the idea of a divider to partition for mini cards! Will check it out while I'm looking at Chris L's suggestion, too. @Steve: It does get a bit easier over time, but not so much that it will ever just fall open. Keeping the cards secure was the main motivator. There's a little trick, too, that makes it easier that you can do with one hand - you can check out my Youtube video <url>"crack" it open. @Chris - I think that will be an easy change if I'm understanding what you're saying. I'll post some pictures of an updated design in the next update. @Alberto - yes! I do plan on a mini card format, probably in the Fall @Chris - The Double and Triple Deckers will have a 39mm hole. I will be phasing out the 34 mm hole in the Single Deckers @Dzero - I still need to digest your longer comment, but here are the answers to your easy questions: -I used KMC Perfect Fits for the inner sleeves and HyperMatte sleeves for the outer ones for most of the photography in the campaign. I have also tested UltraPros and BCWs. -see comment below about fitting cards in the storage boxes -I have the funding in hand to pay for it, but I have not ordered the tooling yet. @Markle-the interior dimensions of the storage boxes are 2.5 x 3.5" (width x length) and 1 and 2" deep for the small and large boxes respectively,so most unsleeved cards should fit. I don't think I can make the dimensions of the box larger since that would impact other design elements on the Card Caddies themselves, but will look into it. @Jeremy - thanks! any press is good press. @Chris - yes I agree, I think I can safely switch the Connector and Counter, but I don't want to fiddle around much more with the stretch goals since there are probably lots of people who backed based on getting to a certain one. Maybe it would help get some new backers, but I don't want to alienate those who got us where we are now. @Dzero - thanks for the detailed suggestions! I'll see what I can do to implement them. I'll also put some more images of the insides and details of the accessories soon. You can check out first FAQ for the dimensions. @Rad - I'll run the numbers again to make sure, but that is what my shipping software came up with for the different sized packages and weights for the different pledge levels. Sometimes there is a threshold in size especially where the shipping costs jump up. @Robert - I will look into switching them. Makes sense at first glance. Gotta get there, first, though! @Guro - you'll be able to add-on Single Deckers at the end of the campaign. I had some issues with international shipping (ended up paying many more times in shipping than I made on the sale) thru my website, so I turned it off for a bit while I figure out how to keep that from happening. We made it! Thanks for getting us there. here are some updates on what I've seen in the comments: -On the hole and "plug": Card Caddies will ship with two plastic coins/chips to fill the hole if you choose. You can also write on them or add labels to customize or ID your decks. I'll make that clear in the text - the video is a bit confusing. Also, poker chips will fit, too, if you have a favorite one. -For this Kickstarter, no promises yet, but I think I'll be able to offer exclusive coins/tokens for backers of this campaign. Working on the numbers now, but I think it will be feasible -Like some backers have already commented, you can get Single Deckers through my website (narrowshill.com) or Amazon (that's me selling them there, too). If you want to bundle shipping, you can wait until after the campaign is over and you'll be able to add them on to your pledge. -For the storage box, the add-on price will be $3 per box Hope that addressed the comments of the day - if I missed anything, just let me know. It's all too easy to scroll pass any important comment. Dry-erase divider? It's a cool idea. I'll see if there is something out there that I can include without having to change the price. My concern is to add cost to the final product for a feature that I don't know how many people would utilize. If I can add the dividers for a few cents, I'll absorb that as part of making a feature-rich product. Ann-Charlotte - I'll look into that. I don't think it should be an issue. Just $500 to go! Who will get us over the top? @Steve - I had thought about some, but didn't really come up with anything new I could add to the idea of a divider. if anyone has some good ideas, I'm all ears! Thanks Eileen - I'll change that. @James-Ha - I love it! My wrestling coach always told us to play a game when you're hungry to keep your mind off your stomach. So now you can distract yourself with a game AND keep your food points close at hand to show yourself you're done for the day! @Eileen - thanks for noticing the alliteration. Got lots of stuff in the pipeline, too, that can work with the CCC theme. If I make a card shoe similar to those in Vegas, it would be the "Croupier". A stand-up hands-free card holder? The "Concierge", of course! Anyway, just sent out an update with news on Connector with counter capabilities. The Connector and all of the accessories are designed to stay connected with vigorous shaking, but pop off with hand pressure.Should be about the force needed to separate standard Lego bricks. Thanks for your support and input! @Chris - saw it, thanks and I'm taking a look at that, too! @Veeve - no cards are included - you supply your own of whatever game you're playing! @Steve - The Card Caddies are sold in solid colors, but like Chris L. noted you can mix & match multiple ones to do multi-colors. I showed multi-colors in the images since it helps people to visualize how it works better. In retrospect, I should not have had an orange one made since I don't have that color available (yet), but I liked the high contrast with other parts. @Chris - I'll give it a shot and see if the geometry works out. @Philip - will try to at least post some photos of how it would work in an MTG game play and hopefully a video! @Erick - I do want to start making Card Caddies in smaller (and possibly larger) card formats. I'm hoping to start rolling them out in the Fall Missed a lot overnight! Great to be over 3/4 of the way there. Lots of discussion on using the Connector as something else when you've got the decks apart. I agree - I didn't like that it was useless when not together. I had looked as using it as the scorepad, but the real estate for putting the holes in was more limited. I am thinking I could make a hands free card holder/rack type of accessory from the connector - I'll let you all know if that works. Vasilis - thanks for the suggestion. I'll look into it. There should be something exclusive I can offer... @charm - you'll be able to add-on to your pledge at the end of the campaign using our pledge manager. There you'll be able to order more stuff much like any other online store. Trev Or - thanks! that is exactly the type of story we like to hear. Hope we can keep delivering cool products to you! @Charm - The Double Decker holds 100 single sleeved cards when closed, so 50 per side if you divided them up equally when open. It will hold 100 cards per side when open, but then you have to find somewhere to keep the other half when you're not playing! Guro - $6 per Card Caddy will be the cost for the customs form Steve - you beat me to it! Thanks for all of the support so far today! @Chris Larsson - I've played Splendor, but don't own a copy so I can't say for sure, but my best guess would be that if the chips are standard poker-sized, you'll need (2) large storage boxes for the chips (20 in each box). Looking at the BGG page, it looks like there are 90 cards + 10 Noble cards, so they would fit in the Double (definitely if unsleeved, probably if they single-sleeved). Hi Guro- The pledge manager will also take care of additional shipping for international orders, too. The shipping included in your base pledge should take care of most of the cost, so it won't be too much additional. Hi Guro- additional shipping will be added for internal backers when you put in your pledge depending on your location. Thanks for the question! Yes, we'll be using a pledge manager to keep track of the hopefully large amount of rewards and allow for post-campaign addons Thanks Todd! Feeling good about the relaunch Received it in France. Cant say enough thanks. Thanks you! Mine arrived today in Australia. Like others, I'd like to thank you for the extra and for persevering and delivering. Got mine in Canada, thanks for the Extra! And thanks for sticking to the project. My package arrived yesterday (the Netherlands). Everything is looking well. My patience is rewarded. Got mine. Love it. Thanks!!!! Just got my shipping notice for New Hampshire Just got mine in Malaysia! Excellent and thanks for seeing this KS through! And I got my shipment today! I had to go back to my order in backer kit. I'd originally ordered one double decker green, one single-decker blue, and a small storage box / connector. I got the small storage box/connector, two double decker greens, and two single-decker blue, which both was nice and packed together in the mailer well. So far the double-deckers seem hard to open, but I noticed that with a single-decker that I got in a monthly game box a while back. Oh, and my green doubles each have two poker chips in them, along with four smaller plastic chips that say "stack your deck anywhere, anytime". It's nice to finally have them in my hands! Just got a shipping notice. Got mine yesterday. Thank you for a great product. I received mine today, in California. I'm very happy with the product; thank you Chris! Just got mine! Thank you for your persistence with this. ^o^ My patience is rewarded. I received a tracking number. received here in Ningbo China Just got mine today, and the confirmation email was but a few days ago. Thanks for the extra! Chiming in - confirmation email for shipping here as well. Southeast Michigan, USA. Just got my confirmation email today. If you order a double decker on the website thecardcaddy.com for $6.99 each do you get it before backers do? Also 2 of them with shipping is only $17.94 domestic which $16 isn't 20% less than that.. real bummer I suppose I should have just waited. I'll get em eventually Just received an email saying mine is shipping to Malaysia (with tracking). So looks like the creator is slowly working his way through the orders. Still waiting here in the UK - interesting that some other UK backers have had theirs... Nothing yet in Oregon. I don't know how he's fulfilling the orders, so it may depend on where I am in the queue. Still waiting here in Minnesota. Looking forward to finally receiving these, whenever they end up coming. Thank you Chris for slogging through all the mess that got dumped on you during this campaign. I can't imagine how stressful this all must have been (and probably still is) for you. Still waiting on mine in Sweden. Please just refund me my pledge as I'm tired of waiting! Still waiting in CA, USA still waiting in Canada..hopefully mine comes soon :) Any more updates on shipping? Received (UK) today. As others have stated, the caddies are a little stiff (the blue one, in particular, tool some serious prising apart) but should loosen-up over time. I'm also grateful for the extra gift in the package. Other backers still waiting for theirs should be encouraged. This (to me) demonstrates a genuine creator making every effort to look after his backer community. Nice job, Creator. Thank you. Please can you update about the state of this project? How many people are left to fulfill? It would be amazing information for what to expect. Still nothing in Miami. Do people get tracking before shipping? I haven't received my order yet. Any chance of it being delivered anytime soon? +Garcia it is never too late to ask for a refund...if the product has not been delivered. Personally, since the amount is small I am just letting it float out there and be pleasantly surprised if and when it appears. I haven’t received anything. Not sure if this community is gone now since maybe everyone received their orders? I haven’t received anything. Is it too late to ask for a refund? I know $16 isn’t much, but I don’t think I’ll be receiving anything. Order finally received in Lyon, France. The quality is great. It was worth to wait, even if I end up forgetting what I was exactly waiting for (the received parcel was a kind of surprise gift to me). Thanks Chris for the extra caddy as compensation and mostly for not having given up despite all the hurdles. Still nothing in Canberra, Australia. Is it just hope and pray from here on? Still waiting in Massachusetts - encouraged to see that others are getting theirs.... Finally received my double, Double Decker in Michigan, USA. I have to say, way to over deliver. My approach to Kickstarter has always been "it's ready when it's ready," and I don't really mind when projects are late. So I was surprised to find some extra goodies in my package for the "inconvenience". Classy move Chris Nichols. Any update for uk? Received my order + extra caddy in Colorado. The doubles are really tight and will need to be broken in. The connectors are a good fit, but I the pegs are in too tightly. The storage boxes are not a good fit and are not reliable. Sad face. No word yet in California. still waiting in China Received the caddies yesterday and an extra one as well (thank you.) 2 matching poker chips were included with each caddy. The poker chips in place, however, the fit is a bit loose so they tend to fall out. The fit of the caddy itself is very tight and takes a bit of getting used to opening/closing. I imagine with time things will loosen up and be a bit easier to put together & pull apart. Haven't had much of a chance to use these with actual cards. For those still waiting - once you receive your shipping notification it shouldn't take too long to get your order. Still no word about my box. UK here. Still waiting in Michigan Received my caddies today! (PA, USA) 6 caddies, 2 connector score keepers, 2 caches, 12 poker chips. Very nice. Just received my shipping notification today as well Just got my shipping notification in TX. Hang in there everyone! Reporting caddies arrived Sydney today...great products, will buy more at your website! Hope the shipping pain will end very soon so you can launch more products like this, good luck! Still waiting in Seattle. It has been nearly a month since GenCon. That was supposed to have met the financial hurdle to complete shipping the week following GenCon. I am still waiting. Still waiting in Michigan. Unbelievably poor experience with this project! Still waiting in North Carolina, this has been a very miserable experience Arrived in Alberta, Canada. Looks great - Thanks for your persistence in finishing this out. Also waiting in Colorado. Waiting in CO Haven't heard anything here in Texas. Anyone else still waiting? Received mine in Norway. Very happy to finally have them and glad things sorted out in the end. In France I just received a mail to tell me the box are on the way. It's finally here and it's quite a nice fit for my current case: <url>#32 - "The three singles I ordered on Monday have arrived today and they were accompanied by my doubles pledge plus an extra camo single. With KS I am more concerned with completeness than timeliness, so I am satisfied but obviously relieved to have my pledge in hand. Thanks Chris and keep plugging away at those deliveries." Copied and pasted from my comment on Update#32 - "FYI, On Monday, 31 JUL, I ordered the three colors of single caddy I did not yet have and sent Chris a request to include my doubles when shipping. Less than an hour later I got a reply from Chris confirming and thanking. Tuesday, 01 AUG, I got an email shipping notice from Narrows Hill with a USPS tracking number. Today, 02 AUG I got an email from USPS confirming pickup and estimating a 04 AUG delivery date. Option #2 below seems to be proceeding apace. I will update upon receipt..." woohoo! Got a shipping notification! I live in Chicago. Do I need to drive out to gencon to pick up my product or what? This is beyond disappointing. Really... he's going to be at GenCon... this should be interesting... Please get back here now to all these good people asking about shipping payments and GENCON pickup. Flaking out right after a long-awaited updated will lose the good will you have salvaged... I don't get the point. I wudnt mind helping extra to get one sent out to me. what is the extra cost if that's a option? Card caddy arrived in Denmark. Would it help if people were able to pick up their orders at GENCON? I will be working a booth there and could stop by. I also would pay extra to get my reward sent and end this nightmare. Please reply to my PM. Ditto. Thank you for providing an update and keep us updated, good or bad. Thank you for finally posting an update. Even though it's not the best news, at least now we know what's been going on. Please keep the updates coming regularly so we know what's going on with the project we backed. This is beyond ridiculous! It's over a year late!!!!! I've contacted him but no response. I think he can shove his caddy along with his credibility as a Kickstarter project creater! This is a year late now delivering. Still nothing in Oregon. Disappointed as I've backed him every time so far and pushed the product on a forum I like. I wouldn't be so upset if I didn't keep seeing facebook posts and other news elsewhere, but no update here in months. I really hope he can pull it together, but this experience makes me not inclined to back him again. Very disappointed. For those of you that have gotten in touch with Chris, what method worked best? Based on comments here I've tried through kickstarter and FB, moving to email next. Nothing back yet..,.any thoughts? still waiting for this Scotland, UK was looking through my KS and forgot about this one Guess Walmarts more important than us :( <url>£11 to pay extra ( import tax ). I hope all backers can get their pledge soon , and even if it was a bumpy ride I probably will back again Chris.All the best to everyone . Still waiting to New Jersey. Hopefully will get it sometime soon. Son and I would love these for our duels I have two new commander decks waiting for a home. Should I buy other deckboxes or will mine arrive soon? Still waiting in Virginia Update please! I honestly forgot about this KS... I need to look up and see what I backed for. : ( @Jason Got mine a few days ago, College Station, TX. I'm still waiting as well Boston, MA. Good news to see others getting theirs. Got mine today, thank you sir! Still waiting in Eugene as well. Just tell us what's up. Recieved mine like tracking said I would. Contact him... Received today; Bristol, UK Anyone in Texas get anything? Still waiting Still awaiting mine out west in Washington here. Would love some sort of update so I know if maybe it got lost in transit or hasn't gone out yet. I can only echo what others have said. It's been fourteen months. Just be open and honest. A customer is usually far more angry and annoyed by months of silence, even if the communication is not good news. I contacted him on twitter, messaged him here and on his Facebook. He replied, said he would ship mine out and according to tracking he did. I tried to ask him about why he had stopped updating and that we just wanted to know what was going on. But he stopped replying to me. Henry Swantner. Did you received a shipping notice or just your products? I received mine in Albuquerque ... with bonuses. So, they are still coming it appears. I wish I could say more, but I haven't had any contact with him either. I second what @Garret Muller said! Hey Chris, Just be honest with us regarding the status of these. If I'm not going to receive mine, just let me know. If you need 5 bucks to ship it to me because you're out of cash, let me know. I'm a simple man and understand that problems arise. I won't be angry, simply disappointed, and I'll move on. Still waiting in Massachusetts - I am relieved to see that I am not the only one still waiting. I would like to know when Chris expects to get caught up with filling the pledges though.... Still nothing in KS. Exactly @Darrel Hutchins , the silence and not be "transparent" with us has nothing to do with business problem , we could work out all together a solution , instead silence really , but really annoying me , because the only thing we can ask to creators is honesty and transparency , "the problems" ,"be late in fulfilment" and disasters can be work out if there is the will , but in front of a silent wall there is nothing we can do .For instance if I need to repay the shipment to get this pledge , I would be ok with that , better an extra cost then losing everything. I wish he'd just send an update. KS Creators keep making this mistake -- backers would rather hear somewhat bad news than no news. Most likely he is also selling our items at the summer conventions to raise the cash so at least some of items can be sent. I met him once at a convention. This is his full time gig. So I'm certain he's out of cash He is out of cash I'm afraid. Only able to ship one or two items at a time. That's why it's so random who is getting their pledge. Still nothing in California... Can you please post another update? I know, he told me 3 times by PM ,since February, the same thing,: " I will ship next week " ... I would rather prefer he saying the truth, whatever truth brings forth is better then this. He told someone on Facebook that he was shipping out 'this week' at the end of May... I think after all the problems he ran into international shipping is probably kicking his ass. Though it is strange to see him shipping so randomly... not going country by country but shipping one or two to different countries around the world... Chris honestly , I understand you are very busy but can you PLEASE let us know something ? a message an update anything but not silence PLEASE, you finish production months ago and still half of us are waiting , don't you think we at least deserve a message from you ? ID here and I still have not received my card caddies. I'm getting ready to move and would like to know how I should go about changing my address?? Any sort of update would be so very much appreciated. Waiting in Colorado :) I kinda forgotten about this project. What is going on with shipping? I heard about the production problems but I thought the creator got all the product back in April... Germany nada...news please Wow. Nothing in Malaysia either. Nada. Months after I informed the creator I'd be happy to take any colour, and not the ones I originally chose. For those who have received theirs. Did you get a shipping email or did they just arrive? I have received my card caddys. They are great, very well built. Brazil here! Still waiting in MA. Very disappointed! @Creator, not liking to see this lack of engagement and communication damage the excellent reputation you had established. I'm still waiting as well! Just curious: is there any option for a refund? Chris, can you please share another update as it looks like in addition to myself, many other backers have not yet received their Card Caddy's...thanks! Did someone in Europe received their order? Chris, could you give us an update on the shipping? I'll be moving in 2 weeks. I doubt my order will show up before I move. At this point I have already stocked up on plenty of card cases from another brand. Any chance I could simply request a refund at this point? To those of you that have gotten your order recently - did you get a shipping notice or did they just show up? Still nothing in New Mexico I received my completed order yesterday. All the components fit together very nicely. Just what I was hoping for. Thanks, Chris. Maybe give us an expected date when all orders will have shipped? Was expecting these for an annual summer magic event last year. Wondering if I'll have them in time for it this year. Need to find an alternative if they won't be. Well I might have to edit my previous comment... I finally had a chance to inspect the Caddies up close. They are (like previously stated) very sturdy! It states that you can put 100 singles sleeved cards in each one. My only question I have is... What kind of sleeves are recommended? Bought them originally for my EDH decks for Magic the Gathering which if you are familiar with the game is 100 cards (no more no less). The case at best holds 80 sleeved cards. It will work great for Standard play but that's about it. Still sturdy and well made. Just wish it held the 100 card single sleeved deck as advertised. I live in Washington state and received mine today. Thank you Chris for the constant updates on the status of this Kickstarter. I'm sorry that it's been a bumpy road up to this point. But I am happy with the end results! Can we get an update on the shipping progress? What percentage of packages have been shipped, and when you expect to complete? We've been waiting a long time for this, and would love a little more communication on the status. same here , still waiting .... Still waiting Is it China shipped?Can't waiting for it Nothing yet in Oregon here either. Usually he has been more communicative, so I'm not sure why he hasn't updated us. Hoping things get cleared up quickly. Really disappointed here. Still nothing. Received mine thank you very much. At first was unsure as they are very stiff when together and the plastic is hard. I was really worried I was going to break it separating it. But I was being too gentle and cautious, once opened I then appreciated how sturdy it is. The chip is the same on both sides, if it were different it could have been used for flips. But still it looks cool. Put my Star Realms cards in unsleeved and it works a charm. Thanks very much was worth the wait. Was not expecting to see comments here about lack of fulfilment, might not mean much but having received mine I will admit it was worth the wait. I might have to buy more if they become available. Found it interesting that despite all the undelivered rewards, Chris took time off to audition for Shark Tank. You know, it is a fine product (I have 20 single-deckers) but do you really think the producers of the show aren't going to notice what's going on with this kickstarter? Well, if they haven't found it on their own, all it takes is an email from a disgruntled backer to point it out. Perhaps one or more of us might even have contacts at ABC. Do you think an investor will trust you with thousands of dollars when you're already indebted to hundreds of kickstarter backers and approaching a year late on fulfillment? As you said, it's not just about the product. It's at least as much about the personality behind it. I really am a fan of the product and would love to see it go global, but IMHO trying for a spot on Shark Tank now is an exercise in futility and a waste of precious time. I advise you to devote your time to cleaning up this mess first and fast, then you might have a shot. BTW: no product or shipping confirmation received here in Los Angeles (Hollywood adjacent). Capisce? Nothing in michigan yet. Thank you for the fast response today, Chris. Chris, please provide an update on the incomplete order that I received. Still nothing In Canberra, Australia. Though it appears others in Australia have received their pledge. It's over a year late now! Shipping had started on 20th April. We've not heard anything since and no one is being informed! Can we please have an update. It isn't nice to be ignored. Nothing in the UK. Still haven't jad a shipping notice Nothing in Oregon. * * * Shipping delays are ok. We're kickstarting new projects, so we expect this sort of stuff. Not updating us - unprofessional. * * * Is there any news as to progress? Nothing in Kansas. Nothing in Kansas. Nothing in Colorado yet. Received in Michigan on Friday, the fit and function was excellent. Thank you Chris. Mine just came in (near Boston, MA). It looks great! I need to test it out with some of my games. Good job Chris! Nothing in France, and no news :o Still waiting for mine in Canada, it would be nice to get an update on shipping progress. I received mine in Illinois. They look great but are a little tough to open. I can't great looking attachments to stay attached though. While I don't expect to see replies to every variation of "Did mine ship yet?" out here, there have been other questions and comments deserving of reply in the Updates and Comments. I'm surprised and disappointed that Creator has seemed largely absent from such engagement going back many months now. Nothing here in Texas Still no notification or anything here in the UK. Still nothing in Mass. status update, please. still nothing here in california Germany still waiting Still waiting for shipping notification in Iowa. Chris where are they available for retail!? If you have problems with the connections: When you're initially connecting things, if they feel loose, press them *tight* (as a large man, I basically crushed them as a stack with my palms open on either side). They will pop together a little tighter, and then be stuck. But after doing that a few times, they will fit together more easily and with a snug, tight fit. Basically, they are just slightly off in the better direction: too tight. That applied to all of the many components we received. Like a few people have noted, the one exception is the cache, which on "mine" (the one my wife handed me) works okay, but "hers" (meaning the one she selected) is pretty loose. As she noted, it's nicely heavy: enough to sit on a table in one spot, but not so heavy it is especially noticeable if you're carrying it. If you're going to be using the cache on a regular basis and it is loose, I'd recommend the same four way rubber bands that are popular among board gamers. In my situation, I'm mostly using the caddys to organize cards in a larger game box, so I'm perfectly happy with the looser fit. Kelston I thought at first the boxes and Connectors wouldn't fit together but they do Oh and they all snap together well Oh I got an extra double instead of 2 of the singles. Oh well we only use the singles as card trays anyway. It's here it's here it is here it's here it's a huge box! Nothing here yet in NJ. Tracking says it's in Melbourne Woot! Won't be long now @Nic W Also in WA without shipping notification. I have faith that our time will come T.T Still waiting for a shipping notification here in WA. Any updates? Still waiting for mine.... @Brian / @Frederick, also awaiting shipping notification here in the UK. Follow-up: I tried storing a couple of games in some of the single deckers, but my cards were sleeved - and it looks like the single deckers have dimensions that can crimp the sleeves. I guess they're not designed for sleeved cards. Less and less of what I ordered is going to actually be useable. I don't sleeve most of my games, so I'm sure I'll put some of these to use. @Fredrick Newton thanks for the reply, good to know. @Brian Douglas I haven't received shipping confirmation yet either. I'm in the US. Anyone, (like me) not received shipping notification? I'm in the uk, this is not a moan, just eager to know. I came here to say what Kelson already did... I have the same exact issues with my parts. Received my order today. If I'm being honest, it's a mixed bag. I ordered several single and double deckers as well as some connectors and cache storage boxes. The good: The single deckers are fantastic. They snap together smoothly and tightly and are a breeze to assemble and take apart. The double deckers are a bit less easy to work with, but function fine. The connectors work well with the double deckers and even allow you to connect two of them together if you like. Fantastic. The bad: The cache storage boxes don't fit either the single or double deckers. They're unusable with any of them. They can be used as a small dice rolling tray or somesuch, but that's about it. The poker chips (a nice addition, thank you!) fit some of the double deckers well, but others they fall out of easily. They don't fit the single deckers. Some of the single deckers had instructions affixed to them and required a bit of washing and work to get them off completely. So I want to say thank you for an innovative product that I will use. I play a lot of card games and have a handful that I have sleeved that no longer fit in their original boxes or that have had an expansion that requires a separate container that I prefer to use just one box to hold both sets for, so these will serve quite well. I'm sorry there were so many production issues this time around, but hopefully the next time you get a print run of these done, you will once again have great success and perhaps assist your previous backers whose products didn't quite work out as expected. Best of luck for your future inventions and print runs! Question: is the box supposed to fit tightly on the bottom of the double Deckers? I wasn't sure only because mine won't stay on tightly. I wouldn't want to carry it around with stuff in it because it feels like it might fall off. Got my double Deckers today! They look great! Awesome.. thank you for sticking through some rough items with manufacturing. Neat items to bug my wife concening my gaming organization oc. Looking forward to seeing the final product. Woot got a shipping notification How can i check the address that I have registered? I've moved a few times since the beginning of the campaign and i don't know if my current addres is the one registered. YAY! *CHEERS*! Thanks Chris. Wish things would have worked out better for you. The delay is not a problem for me. When the reward is shipped is there a tracking number? I don´t remember. Thanks in advance! I asked for any color and have not received anything. So maybe someone can educate me, I understand a portion of people have actually received what they were promised, but the rest of us are stuck because ... too much of one of the color options was ordered and not enough of others. Did he end up sending the excess color back and now we are sitting here having wasted money on this? And what of those that ordered that excess color and a different color, do they get nothing like some other people, or are they sent a portion of their order? update? Not too frustrated about the delay, but at this point I'm just hoping that my shipment comes through successfully. Best of luck with orders :) So bummed for you man! I know it has to be so frustrating on your end - even more so than on ours. No worries on the delays from me, things happen that can't always be helped. Back haul is awesomely cheap but it does mean being patient.... Any update on this? Wondering where it stands. Update? I am starting to loose hope on this one , Please can we have an update? Are we still good ? After almost a year of delay I think your backers should deserve a bit more attention ... Thank you. Update, please? It's been a week since the shipments arrival date. You've been so good at communicating with your backers. The current silence is either more bad news or you are too busy fulfilling orders! Here's hoping for door number 2. Hello passing by So, now the replacement order has arrived can we get an update please? Still waiting on fulfilment. @Creator, looking forward to an update. My twice-posted question has been left hanging out here since the Feb 28th update... that's not like you! Hope all is well. So erm.... anyone had their pledge fulfilled since the last update? tomorrow is the day , I hope we get some news ... Well it's almost the 18th, fingers crossed this is nearing a good conclusion Chris Doesn't sound like it's a part of this effort, however I'm interested in knowing when you might get some storage boxes made with the better tolerances, more snugly/properly fit. While mine are workable, I'd still like to pick up a few that I can trust to take real knocking around. Any plans or ideas there? Hi Chris. I backed a green Double Decker and added a blue Single Decker and a small storage box + connector. Are there any news on when I can expect them to be shipped? Will we get a tracking number? I really need on for my area packages are almost never delivered. I live near the post office voted worst post office in NY state kinda stinks but area is nice overall. So tracking number when shipped would be nice please. :) :) I'm from the US. I see a few people received theirs here. I ordered a purple and green one. I know there was word that there were many of those, but I have yet to receive anything or hear anything about my order. Any news? Good news Chris! Whooooo! At this point any colors are fine for me as well. Just waiting finally have them in hand. Any news for UK shipment ? I starting to get nervous on this delivery ... @Trev Or. Thank you for the info. That gives me an idea about the size. ( I play X-wing too) Let me know what color choices I have for immediate shipment. Thanks If they are pulling that kind of Rigamarol I can settle for whichever you have if it means you can finish fulfillment at least. Regardless of colour it will still do it's job. Team colours are over rated anyway. I would've said sh*t I'd much rather say sh*t its a far more fitting word...... How sh*tty that they are screwing around like that @Brian apart from a few double cddies on show all the stock (in the background) and the others are std caddies. They have been available for a long time and even my local store has them, in the UK. @Creator Please update us on how you are doing and EU shipping. @Chris_Llyod - I don't know about SW Destiny, but I can tell you that I use two storage trays and a single Caddy when I go to my X-Wing campaign. One tray will hold 12 dice, the other tray will hold an X-Wing ship plus the stand, and the single Caddy holds a damage deck and the pilot stat boards for the ship base. At this point any color is fine with me. Really just want the product at this point. I like to take people at faith but I've just seen your tweet basically saying your selling them at shows <url>"Card Caddy Triple Decker" ...... "hint hint" Not really worried bout when they'll ship. I'm wondering if anyone that has their order can answer a question for me? Can you place a Star wars coin in the poker chip slot, or can you tell me the dimensions of the poker chip? This question is for SW Destiny players: can character dice fit in the storage box, or is it better to use it for tokens? Any shipping updates? nothing yet ... 24 days since the confirmation address email ... same as @Nicole White, still waiting ... Any updates on the double decker shipments? Received an email on the 16th to check my shipping address (which is correct) Still haven't received anything here in Seattle, WA @Creator +1 for EU (UK) Still waiting in Minnesota @Creator , I received 16th january an email from Chris that was saying check your address in 48 we will ship your package ( the address was correct ) ... but I am still waiting .... How long it should take to get here in UK ? Just got my stuff in Chicago - 5x Doubles in Black, Red, Blue, Green & Purple. No time at the moment to dig into using them, but initially they seem great! Nice finish, snug fits, everything feels nice (besides being cold, of course). Look forward to organizing some stuff! Thanks Chris - the note is a nice touch. :] @Creator Any further update on orders of red double deckers? Maybe another week or so? Thanks @Creator Are shipments still being sent out for the people who had white card caddys? I have yet to receive a shipping confirmation and all I had was a single white card caddy with box/connector. So excited to get my double deckers!!! They are shinier than I expected , and I love them! Glad I ordered more... hmmm, I just had a thought... maybe I can drill a hole in the middle of each of the letter Os in the word connector and use those for the pegs when they're at zero. I also got my shipment this week. The doubles are great! The finish is shiny like the singles I got last year. They are about as easy to open as the singles. I would not want them easier to open since then they might open during transport. You just have to get the knack of how to open these things. The only potential issue is the little nubs that hold the chips in. I don't think they are going to last very long due to wear from taking the chip in and out a lot. One chip is already not able to stay in. This is a minor issue for me though. It does look like you fixed the issues I found with the projections on the inside. Thank you! The scoring connectors are great. They connect to the doubles and my old singles just fine. The pegs work and store firmly in place. The only issue I see is there are no holes to put the pegs at the start of a game. I guess they just have to lay down until there is a score. It would have been nice to have a zero score hole for each peg. I also got 2 new singles. These seem to work just like my old singles except the groove for the connectors is just a little off. I measured them and they're off by about 1/2 a millimeter in the long direction making it so that the scoring connectors don't really fit. Also the finish on them is a dull matte finish. I guess the molds didn't get polished on these? The boxes are problematic. As noted already, there are many molding blemishes, mostly around the rim that is supposed to connect to the caddies. Also there is plastic that dripped down into the boxes and into the grooves in the rim. As a result only 2 of my boxes (out of 8) actually are able to properly connect to the caddies. In addition, there is a groove in the bottom of the box that was supposed to allow the boxes to connect together as well as a scoring connector. The problem though is that the groove is off by a millimeter in each dimension, making it impossible to connect to anything. None of the scoring connectors can connect to the bottoms of the boxes. I'm generally satisfied. I mostly wanted the doubles and the scoring pads... the boxes were fluff to me. Thank you for the interesting kickstarter. Just received my Purple and Black double caddies with the score trackers and the Card Caddy Caches (as well as a white single Caddy). They are decent, but not near as refined looking as the singles. As well, the Caches are rough, with plastic drips inside the storage area, as well as inside the seams that connect to the Caddy. This is causing them to not combine smoothly, or not at all. I'm going to have to try and file them down. Unfortunately, due to the set backs from the original run, this ended up being a rush job for the second run, and it shows. They are still usable though and will see a lot of use on my game table. Got mine yesterday and they look great!!!! Al ready got decks in all of them and they fit beautifully!!!! Are you thinking about doing a new campaign for Triple Deckers when this one is fulfilled? I would be completely game to buy those as well. Happiness here in Michigan!!!! Was initially scared as the package was wrapped tightly in cellophane with a end to end tear visible in the bag below. My double deckers look great. For some reason, the storage boxes fit well on the black and green one - but not the red one... tried changing them around to no effect. Very weird - there is no apparent differences between them...as it is popping off I assume a minor variance in width is the culprit. The singles; white, blue and black fit well and snugly. The "Card Caddy" chips were colorful and welcome. I just wish they had fit into the Card Caddy lids... All in all, I am quite happy with these and plan to use them until they wear out! Got my Double Deckers, storage boxes, and connectors. Overall, I'm fairly satisfied. My only complaint is that the storage boxes don't seem to be polished and have some rough edges. I think the plastic could have been buffed out some; they look dull compared to my original Card Caddies. Other than that, everything seems to function according to expectations. I have photos here: <url>☺️ we are Essendon supporters so chances are mine is red and black being as it was available :) try not to sweat it Should the people who ordered white expect their shipping confirmations soon, or would those be shipping out in a few weeks with the rest of the orders? If I'm being honest, I'd rather wait to receive my reward until the quality is up to your standards. After waiting this long, it would be disappointing to get something that wasn't up to high standards. How does one let you know they'd be happy to take one that isn't black in place of what they ordered? Why are you accepting items, and passing them on to us, if they are not up to par and you are not happy with them ?! I don't want crap you are not happy with ! I am not too happy hearing about a loose fit, these are to be for camping and boating, they will get knoced about - so basically from what you just said, they will be useless to me ! They look fantastic it took a long time but in the end we got a great product Thanks for all you had to go through Chris. . Nice job @Creator, and thank you for the extra chips. @Robert perhaps he did mention something and I've forgotten... I only recall extras being discussed prior to @Creator being defrauded by a manufacturer. To be honest it hadn't occurred to me that backers would somehow benefit from that debacle. where are they shipping from? No bonuses due to massive delay? You had mentioned doing something. Yay Any Update? Please give update even if just to let us know there is no new news. ...... Wtf the last update was just on the 7th at least wait til January It is well past time for another update. Do we have a idea of a new ship date? how about the project? It works for me Your main website seems to have disappeared. thank you please continue to keep us informed Thank you for the update today! I can only imagine how much of a pain this has been for you, but I appreciate the updates. Do we get to pick the transparent card caddy? Did they admit to anything? Or did they just issue the refund without an explanation? Does this mean a new survey? If so I could add some accessories lol. Can't wait for an awesome edh box I backed you on both times. And I know you can do this and get through it. It's just going to make the caddys that much better when we get them. Thanks for such an amazing idea It is hard receiving bad news, but sometimes harder to pass it on. Thanks for the update and good luck. Hang in there buddy. I can wait for my amazing product :) Wow, sorry to hear that the manufacturer is messing you up. Kinda reminds me of all the troubles with the doublesix project... The creator there was persistent, switched manufacturers and eventually delivered our dice. Awesome dice! So keep us informed and we'll be patient. Meanwhile I bought another single from amazon.... As a backer, I feel like we invested in this product, not in their excuses. Do what you need to do to make this product a reality. I appreciate your transparent information to us, and hope you can make this headache go away from you. I fully support your product and can't wait to see it at my FLGS. Ditto. Good luck and I will continue to wait patiently. I hope you are able to resolve it its incredibly stressful to be lied to i hope the phone call goes well. Good luck! I third the request for an update. Plus message 300! ^_^ It's been almost a month since the last update. Is there any news? Any news? No worries you keep everyone updated and that's all most ask regardless of obstacles/delays. Something occured to me today and I wanted to share. I've been on kickstarter for nearly a year backed several projects. Your delivery isn't going as planned but you keep up the communication, and that's awesome. I like knowing things, I like being involved. Thank you for that. Thank you for today's update! I know it's frustrating with the products getting lost, but your communication is appreciated. Just remembered about this and checking in to find out the latest news! @Chris Nichols, Thanks. I somehow missed that last update. Very much looking forward to these products. :) Fingers crossed! Any news? @Eileen I think you're right. I usually just follow the BK/PM link he Campaign sends me and fill the survey our from there. Again, through, there seems to be a difference between the two: it appears that PM "remembers" you and puts in your information, regardless of how you got there, while BK only knows about you if you manually mob in the long way, yet still accounts for your submission as though you were logged in (they both track all pledges by e-mail address). Could just be a glitch in BK, who knows. Honestly, the differences between the two are ultimately superficial, and maybe pricing (I don't know as I've never used either). @Creator BTW, when is the BK closing? I thought it was supposed to close Thursday (6/9) but it's still showing as open and I haven't been charged yet (there's another (conditionally) "nice" feature of PM: it charges immediately instead of whenever they feel like it). Hey @DZero, pretty sure I've figured out the BK address conundrum. If you click on a campaign's survey link, normally you won't be logged into BK yet plus you'll be on the special URL generated for the campaign. In that case you are correct, it displays a blank address screen to be filled in. If you just go in to BK and log in to your account, then it will show you all old and new surveys and autofill the addresses where needed. Also for folks who are moving, you can change the master BK address and it will update all your surveys that are not yet marked as Shipped. I'm hoping to see some photos from @Creator as well, per @Chris and @DZero comments. Especially since @DZero's thoughtful description just made my eyes cross. ;) @Chris Larsson If you go back and look at the pictures of the add-ones on the mani Campaign page you'll see that the grooves on the connector are just like the ones on the top of the storage boxes (take a look at the Poker Chip box especially) and are designed such that the inner one goes into the into the groove of the Caddys while the outer one wraps the Caddys (you can kind of make is out in the picture where the Black Connector is used to connect the White/Green and Orange/Blue Caddys; you see more of the black then you should if it was just inside). Like you, I'm interested in knowing if and how he might have changed the design of the Cache boxes; I'm curiose if he decided to omit the original Groove system and require the Connector to connect the Cache to the Caddy, or if it will connect without. Likewise, I'd like to know whether the Cache will stack, both with each other and (using the included Connector) to additional Caddys (i.e. Caddy|Cache|Cache|Connector|Caddy). @Creator Any comment? DZero had a good question in the update comments and made me wonder. So the original Connector was male/male to connect 2 Caddys together. From the picture in the update, it looks like the the new freebie Counter Connector (which is really awesome that you are tossing these in for free!!!!!!) is female. So I assume the other side must be male, so they aren't really for connecting between 2 Caddys, but can be used as a lid for the Cache and then connect up to a Caddy? Now that you have some samples, maybe you could post some pictures showing different connection combinations? I might order some more if this is the way they work.... And I don't remember.... did you end up adding a groove to the bottom of the Cache so we could connect multiple Caches together? @Eileen Weird, maybe it's just me? I've had to fill in almost half a dozen BackerKits is year, and every time it asks me for my shipping address. Oh, and my address does show up on the right side of the page, it just doesn't auto-populate for some reason, whereas PM does bring up my address. @Creator That makes sense; the mold can be cut back, but not increased. Glad to hear you got enough orders for the singles (I didn't get any more since I've already got two, and I'm mostly just using them as sorting trays as-is; I'll probably buy more down the line, though, maybe with the new mold or the Triple Deckers, I'll wait to see how I end up using them). Regarding BK vs. PM, I think the differences between them are becoming less all the time. I didn't realize you had to "request" use of PledgeManager, I figured you just signed up and used it. That doesn't mean it's not worth looking into, just don't waste too much time on it. As for extra funds collected, while its an exhaustingly frustrating issue, I figure any extra is "handling", and it's not worth quibbling about. Besides, we're already getting a discount over retail as it is, and even with the extra dollar it's still cheaper. BTW, I've been thinking about the whole pricing thing with the bundle vs scoring connectors by themselves: you could just bundle the connectors (i.e. 2-3 at a time, instead of selling them single) then you should be able to charge enough to cover costs per unit. Alternatively, you could offer them bundled with Caddys (i.e. Single Caddy w/ Connector, Double Caddy w/ Connector, etc.) which they're designed to be used with anyways. Just a thought. @DZero, that's weird about your address in BK. Honestly haven't had that issue... Looking at my account while logged in, can see the master shipping address on the right side under "Your Account Details" - maybe see what you've got at the URL: <url>"you don't create an account" when they post their BackerKit pledge managers) and had posted a retraction, but it seems to have disappeared. There are, however, still a few differences, such as PM remembering my address and BK not (ironically, even Kickstarter remembers my address, yet BK still doesn't). @DZero, I have accounts on both PledgeManager and BackerKit, and the latter also "remembers me as a user, collating projecting I've pledged through it and seeing options I've chosen, remembering repeated information like my shipping address, lets me reopen submitted orders to add items (up to a point)," Or maybe you are meaning that PledgeManager does this without an account? I suppose I wouldn't know the difference since I created accounts on each right away... @Creator Though I have received your other recent emails, I didn't seem to receive the email with the survey link. Could you please resend it to me? @Creator Thanks for the info, both enlightening and somewhat surprising. I wasn't aware Amazon (or any PaP) charged that much, per item; I thought they just charged a percentage (similar to digital distribution) or kept the top chunk of profit (how I understood retail typically worked). That would explain why some items have outrageously inflated prices, though (e.g. Card sleeves). Regarding the molds: for some reason I thought you were planning on altering he mold; is that not possible? Since you're just increasing the size of the hole, it seems like that should be possible, though I could see it being expensive. Well, I gotta go submit my PM so you can get me my Caddys. BTW, when you were looking at pledge managers did you look into PledgeManager? Having used both BackerKit & PledgeManager I find the latter is generally more convenient as a backer, and seems more flexible for creators; among other things it remembers me as a user, collating projecting I've pledged through it and seeing options I've chosen, remembering repeated information like my shipping address, lets me reopen submitted orders to add items (up to a point), and it looks a little nicer, too. Interestingly, you can actually see PMs you've received before you even get the e-mails for them (i.e. as soon as they "go live" you can select if from "my PledgeManager" and submit your order; one project I backed even mentioned they already had people submitting while they were typing the update with the link). Just my 2 cents. @Creator: It's not the problem that there is an added shipping cost - it's the amount that comes together. $10 for 5 storage boxes (which cost $15) is not what i call a token - if i would buy a storage box for each of my 10 caddies i'd pay $20 for the shipping - nearly double of what i pay for the caddies. @Henry, right now your 3 storage boxes will add USA $3 shipping in backerkit. @Limbolance, There is not a special "5 Pack" entry or price for single deck in backerkit, you add them as singles. Adding 5 singles will total USA $30 ($25 + $5 shipping). @Creator So it's official that all addons will have the $1/$2 shipping? It's a little disappointing, but since I'm adding another caddy in I have to pay anyways; oh well. BTW, did you determine if you could update the mold on the singles to fix the Poker Chip size issue? And will the Single Caddys in the PM be the old ones or the new ones if they're fixed? The Double Caddys all have the larger hole, correct? Also, I'm assuming the Scorepad/Connector allows you to stack Caddys, but what about stacking storage boxes? And, out of curiosity, what made you decide to bundle the Scorepad/Connector with the box? Does it function as a lid? I'd just like to clarify everything before I submit my PM. @All I found the comment regarding shipping: """ @Eileen - It's a bit complicated, but the backer price for one Double is $9, which includes shipping (around $3), but the "real" price is around $6 when you subtract shipping, so that's what I made the add-on price in the campaign manager. I guess if you wanted to game the system, you could just pledge for one at $9, then add-on 50 more after the campaign in the Pledge Manager. BUT, I do have a token $1 additional shipping there to protect myself against that. """ And there are a couple more areas where he indicates that shipping is not included. I wish it was more clear up front (perhaps on the campaign pages addons section) but c'est la vie. That's the hard part when one person is taking care of everything from design to manufacturing to logistics and community management; at least you'll know better for next time (either increase the price of the addons, separate shipping from the pledge, and/or clarify the shipping rates; perhaps keep a "bible" of your decisions (Evernote is useful for storing such notes) and post them in Updates when you make them. Again, c'est la vie). Is the "5 Pack" of single decks available as a single item? That was what I was going to get... @Creator I don't think the fact that there is additional shipping is the issue. It is the fact that there is an additional shipping charge per item. So unless each add on is being shipped out individually, it's hard for us to understand why the shipping isn't a flat rate. Will it being staying as is in the BackerKit? If so, then I will go ahead and complete it, but with less add ons then I would have purchased. Huh. I guess you really need to dig into the comments to find a mention of that. Not everyone follows every comment. Then I didn't find anything with a quick scan. Well just want to make sure everything is as it should be. I added $9 for 3 Storage Boxes on top of my 5-pack. Should additional shipping in the US be $1 or $3? I wanted to get all 5 single deckers but the added shipping cost surprised me as well... @Creator, can you say more about the shipping please?. I'm having quite a bit added just for the items I'd pledged same as @Vasilis, and the single deckers are turning out to cost more this way vs. buying from your site, as far as I can tell. Just want to make sure it's really operating correctly before I finalize the backerkit. For USA I guess it adds $1 per item, and sounds like $2 per item overseas. Why there is no option of add-on additional purple color double decker? During the first steps of the pledge manager I have the option of choosing the color for my pledged double decker (6 color options purple included). However, trying to add-on extra double decker only 5 colors are available. I think that I will wait a couple of days before completing the pledge manager until things got shorted out My kickstarter pledge amount was 22$ (9$ pledge level Card Caddy Double Decker + 5$ shipping to EU + $5 Card Caddy Single Decker add-on + $3 Small Storage Box add-on) I add everything in the pledge manager and it requires an additional 4$ (shipping fees 2$ for the single decker + $2 small storage box). Is this normal? Every item that I add regardless of the size and weight (i.e. Double decker vs storage box) is an additional $2 Shipping fees? I thought that the 22$ pledge value was final and included all the shipping fees. Survey is our, however in order to choose my preferred color I would like to have the ability to see a photo of the available colors. I assume that the 5 basic colors will be exactly (or maybe similar ?) to the single decker colors, however how the purple color would look like? @Creator Any status updates? Haven't heard anything in a few weeks and thought I'd check on the status. Also: which color won the survey last month? I don't recall seeing any announcement on the results. Oh, and I got to show off my singles at PDXAGE this past weekend; got some oohs and aahs from onlookers, and appreciative comments from my Xenon Profiteer players (2x deck boxes = 4 card stacks, exactly enough for the 4 AIR decks). Definately still looking forward to these. Oh I did....damn I'm good! Oh crud I've forgotten what I pledged for.......did I mention? @Chris thanks understood about the divider, I was just checking they will be divider ready. My current ones aren't. PS I also thing there is a requirement for some sort of device that fits under the caddy that can uses the centre hole to quickly lift the deck so you can place cards on the bottom. Some deck builds have a discard pile you can organise which the caddy works well but also has look through X cards and place Y cards on the bottom or similar, which is a pain when they are linked. I will put my engineering brain on it. Maybe some lighter open sided versions (clip together on short sides) not so much for deck protection on the move but for use when playing. How much will the Single Decker be (5 pack) and will it be able to take a divider? I'm thinking you should engrave a "Jester" image into the side of the boxes, you know - the "Jester" line of double boxes - I might have a model for you... @Creator I didn't know you had a 3D printer; you've mentioned several times "waiting for prints" so I assumed you didn't have one, and thought you might be interested in an inexpensive one. Maybe the Trinus will be better than what you've got (though it doesn't (yet) have that dual-extruder option), especially if you also need a laser etcher. Note: I have no first-hand knowledge of the Trinus, I simply found it on here and am personally backing it (bonus: I managed to snipe a super-early bird the other day!). @Creator Congrats on funding! And as promised, one $300 3D printer: <url>"(Super) Early Bird" spots. Now we wait.... Thanks Chris Larsson. Sean, there will be a survey in a few weeks where you'll be able to select what you want to do with your pledge as well as add in more cash for more stuff if you want. Im not seeing any options to add the storage box when I "view my pledge". Will there be more options later or should I be able to add them now? Anyway to add-on the storage box? As the storage box unlocked not long before the campaign ended. I was really looking forward to adding that add-on. I thought the Score Tracker would have make a nice "slide in" lid for the Storage Box... Will there be a way of getting add-ons after the campaign? The storage box got unlocked and the campaign finished before I noticed and could update my pledge for the storage boxes >100 seconds to go. Thanks for this campaign. Hope to see more projects soon!! @Stu Hemmings While I can't say for sure on @Creator's behalf, based on his prior campaigns and comments he's made the plan is as follows: 1) Campaign ends, funds delivered, surveys sent out 2) A couple of Months of Manufacturing & Shipping 3) New Campaign That is, once this campaign is all wrapped up he'll send out an update letting everyone know when the new campaign will start. And since he has most of the hard stuff of fulfilling a Kickstarter Campaign already figured out (he's done it before) it should run pretty smoothly this time. Based on an estimated Ship Date of July, we should hopefully see them in August with a September Campaign following in its heels. Unless, of course, if he decides to run the next Campaign sooner, allowing for the Campaign to run while he works on Production of this Campaign, which I'd have no issue with. Personally, I'd love to see a follow-up Campaign in June (~1 month) for the Card Caddy Triple Decker & Accessories (assuming he has the time and energy). Regardless of how he decides to do it, he has confirmed he's in it for the long haul: " I am in this for the long haul and want to build a product line that people really like...". Best thing we can do is keep giving him support and keep throwing our wallets at him. ;) Disclaimer: I do not condone throwing actual wallets at people. Sure wish we had hit more stretches. Can you address future plans for more KS, or pursuing alternate funding or are you giving up on the triple decker dream ? :( Looking forward to this one! I know it will all occur in the long run. Will likely grab some more singles in the PM also! @Creator Do international backers need to add additional postage for add-on's, and will it be possible to add additional funds to our pledges after the Kickstarter ends? @Creator I'd totally forgotten about that (March 25th, 3 weeks ago; hard to believe it's been that long). Did Shapeways ever get the print to you? BTW, if you don't have one yet, might I suggest getting a 3D Printer? It would be great for prototyping accessories and such. One of the other products I'm currently backing is an inexpensive (sub-$300) model, which I'll post the link to AFTER the campaign ends. Do you have a render of the combined Scoring Pad/Connector? I don't recall seeing one. Also, surprise? Oooooh.... I wonder what that could be? @Creator Did you get the proposed merged Scoring Pad/Connector design done? And if so, have you considered moving it up to a $24,000 stretch goal? That might be just achievable today with the last-minute influx of backers and people adding on, since we be only ~$4,000 from the goal and we've gained about that much in the last ~24 hours. It's probably been written somewhere but, how many cards (sleeves and unsleeved) does the single decker hold? I'm sorry; I guess I'm being dense, but I'm still a little unsure about add-ons. All of the discussion of add-ons seems to center around the extra money in the pledge--it will be a credit to select items in the Pledge Manager; that's clear. What is not so clear is that if I DON'T add any extra money to my PLEDGE--will I be able to pay extra funds to purchase the add-ons later? @Guro, based on discussion below and previous KS campaigns, my understanding is: If you add extra money to your pledge, yes you can use that money to select add-ons in the Pledge Manager. You can also choose even more add-ons later in the Pledge Manager (no matter what you do right now) and if it tallies that you've outspent your pledge, you will be allowed to pay the extra funds at that time. @Creator, can you chime in to confirm please? I know you are asking @Creator, just noting that he did write in a recent post below - "Single Deckers for $5, Double Deckers for $6 and storage boxes for $3" I am so so so glad we made it to the storage box! I really wish there's a way to get the bigger one because I need it. I'm asking the @Creator to make a clear list of possible add-ons to make pledges easier. I think so far we have: - Single decks (5$ each? is that written somewhere in the campaign?) - Double-decker decks (how much?) - Storage Boxes (3$ each) Is that correct? Come on guys, only $47,000 more for the dice tower! Trying to understand this. If I add extra money to my pledge I can use that money on add-ons in the pledge manager? Or should I stick to my pledge and pay extra in the pledge manager for the add-ons when I choose them there? @Creator, What concrete items will be available for purchase from the Pledge Manager? I was really hoping we would make the stretch goal for the scoring pad and the dice tower. Granted, we have the storage box (which I also wanted, and have pledged for), but will any of the other items shown in the video for this project be available to purchase? I want to put an add-on for the deck separator to hold two stacks of mini cards. Has that been finalized? @Creator - you wrote "In the Pledge Manager, you'll be able to add-on Single Deckers for $5, Double Deckers for $6 and storage boxes for $3" - if I understand you correctly, that makes the Double Deckers generally cheaper as add-ons than they are in the pledge tiers, which doesn't quite make sense (as a pledge tier incentive anyway). Is the $6 an error, or am I misunderstanding? Okay, now we just need $14,000 more in 35 hours so we can get the Triple Decker! Or you could move the Connector/Scoring Pad up so we only need $6,000! Either way I think I'll add a couple more dollars for another box. BTW, did you make any progress on deciding about the coin? Availability, price, etc.? Whether it needs to be a Stretch Goal (for a mold) or if they can be made available immediately? YEAH !! Finally we made the stretch goal How about them storage boxes? :) Just to be sure I have it right and all is available (I am assuming we will hit 18K): 2 Double Deckers. $16 5 Single Deckers (one of each color). $25 2 Stackers. $ 6 Total of $47 right??? Shipping to US.... @creator Will the funds collected during pledge manager count towards the stretch goals (is there any chance to reach the Triple Decker and/or the scoring pad add-on through the additional pledge manager funds?) In case that this campaign is not EU friendly (I hope the logistics with Board Game Extras work, and be able to ship the rewards from within EU), it would be nice to clarify the following. Will the items be declared in the customs declaration form by their retail price (MSRP), by the total amount of pledged $, or possible with a lower manufacturing value price (if shipping done directly from the manufacture)? This information is crucial in order each one of us to do the calculations, have the total declared value knowledge, and take (or not) the risks of ringing a bell to customs, if decide to add plenty of add-ons in the pledge manager. Finally (if i do the math correctly), it seems that it is cheaper to pledge for 1 double deck + add one more in the pledge manager (9$+6$=15$), than pledge in the 2 double decks tier (16$). LOL !!! :-) Ok DOUBLED my pledge and added $6. for a storage box for each one. Looks real good for reaching the stretch goal - yeah ! Ok DOUBLED my pledge and added $6. for a storage box for each one. Looks real good for reaching the stretch goal - yeah ! Hi Chris, Does it come with a token to snap in over the hole? I didn't see it in the add-ons either, so maybe one just comes with each caddy? Thanks, Markle I really like your concepts. I know they're expensive to design and market, but thanks for sharing your vision and allowing us to help you make them a reality. Thanks also for sticking with it. I think your perseverance is paying off, and it's nice knowing that you have plans for the future even though the money is coming in very slowly. Keep at it! Did you say that there would also be new single decker mold? If so, can we pitch in for the new single instead? Or am I mistaken? Not sure if it's too late for input on the storage box, but it'd be pretty cool if it came with a lid so you could store things in it even detached from the caddy. That'd be pretty neat. Added on for storage box! We can do it! Yes, it would be good to have an add on price guide. I am interested in the single myself (I might go for one double just because, but I really am after singles), and would add the dollars here to make the goal because I would like some of the storage boxes. Well dang..Thanks Dzero.. It is $5 for a single add on after the campaign. Upping my pledge now. It was probably mentioned before but how much will a single decker be as an add-on? I ordered a set already from the website and wanted another set but held off so I could add that money to the kickstarter. @creator that's great to hear! Btw, any chance of adding doubles as add on so that ppl can have 3 or 4? Coz I was thinking that mayb i would want to get 3 doubles and 2 singles and some storage boxes for now. And I'll get more when the new modified batch of singles come out probably in the next campaign for the triple decker few months down the road. More than a $1000 today already! Only 1000 more to go so we are definitely hitting the storage box goal, so everyone add on to get your storage boxes! Just hopped on board. Looking forward to getting these. Spreading the word to the Malifaux Miniatures players community to hope more backers come in. That stretch goal looks appetizing. @creator thank you, that's exactly what I meant :) @Jerry T The dividers are a new product being added to the line, but will probably not be made for this campaign (there's no time nor money to get the mold done now). The reason it's a big deal now is because the addition of the dividers requires a slight alteration of the mold for it to work, and thus needs to be added to the design now, not when they're being produced. Sadly, the alteration also means it won't work with the existing Single Caddys. Hopefully they'll be an inexpensive stretch goal for the next campaign in a few months; and if we can build momentum from campaign to campaign by spreading the word we can get more accessories made with each campaign. @travicle I'm not sure I can picture what you mean exactly, but as he has it designed it should split the case exactly in half so you can have a draw pile in one half and discard in the other. I've already checked the size of the car for fit (I made a quick paper divider by folding a 2.5" strip of paper in half, then again to form an upside-down T) and 2 decks of Mini-Euro or Mini-USA cards should fit sleeved (I tried X-Wing upgrade cards and King's Vineyard vine tiles). @Darryl Vaughan If you look at the most recent update (#7) he added the indent to stack them on the bottom. Someone had mentioned that a week or so ago (for some reason I had just assumed they stacked and didn't think about it). @Jerry T & @Rudy Those of us who are bumping our pledges are either upgrading for more Doubles or adding on for the Boxes in hopes that the extra money will get us to the stretch goal. Sadly, the other Stretch Goal add-ons aren't likely to fund (most likely including the dividers) but he was also planning on offering coins/chips/plugs that would fit into the hole of the Caddy to allow some limited customization (e.g. to mark which game/deck is in the Caddy) though that hasn't been finalized (we backers have been giving him too many ideas that he hasn't quite been able to keep up with). @All Down to $2142! Not huge progress, but we're getting there! And we're getting close to the final 48 which typically sees a small spike in pledges (I know I typically wait until the final 48 (minutes) to pledge unless I have a good reason/enough money to pledge earlier). So keep up the sharing and if you have a cousin/uncle/brother-in-law who works at Kickstarter send them a message asking to mark it a "Staff Pick"! @creator can multiple storage boxes be stacked? Meaning if I have one deck box, would I be able to put three storage boxes on it one after the other? @creator Is it possible to make a divider for the mini cards that splits in half like a bell curve, so when you open the caddy you can put half on each slot so you'll have a discard tray for the mini cards as well? Sorry for the extended sentence :) @Creator. Will dividers for mini cards be available for existing single caddies (I have some alreasy) or are they only for a new design. Catch 22 if Stretch goals are not met then any Mooney pledged four dividers etc. can only be spent on add on caddies. So best wait for pledge manager to add them but then this lowers campaign total. I see below some have added in their cost so did I miss something and they are available as add ons? @creator then won't it potentially lowers the actual amount raised for the storage box as those added for the box will help to artificially seem like it reaches the SG ? I'm concern cos I do not want the creator to potentially lose money and then have problems with the tooling and manufacturing. But if there is no problem then I dun mind upping my pledge now. It's jus my 2 cents @Rudy The Creator has said several times during the campaign that you can add-on $5 to add a Single to your pledge, then I believe he plans on using a Pledge Manager Post-Campaign to sort out the extra money or add-on additional. I'm now confused..@creator once said that adding on single is done after the canpaign and not here by upping the pledge and it is not stated anywhere in the campaign to add on for singles. And yet a lot are upping their pledges for singles now..is that the case? Or am I missing some info as I do want some singles too. Yes I've went from 2 -5 now so doubling my pledge and want storage boxes so will up it again if we get there. Im already pledged for 10 doubles and 3 storage boxes. @All I think there's a good chance we'll reach the first stretch goal, especially if we keep spreading the word. We're currently $2,586 short of the first stretch goal which is only about $4.40 per backer. I've, personally, just doubled down from 2->5 and added two boxes. If everyone added a Single or convinced one friend to pledge we could reach the box real quick. @Creator I'm glad to hear you're committed to brining out this whole line of products, and I'm definitely looking forward to getting more of them. While I'd love to get all of them now, I think spreading them out over several campaigns could definitely help in the long run (it's often easier to buy one now and a second in a month than two now, from the point of view of the backers) and knowing that they'll all get made in time makes me more confidant in this project. Out of curiosity: why are the projected KS price for the Triples less than the Singles & Doubles? The add-on price lists them as $10, not $5-$6. @Darryl The current (first) version of the single is a little too small for Poker Chips but the Double and the second revision of the Single will fit Poker Chips. QUESTION: Does the original, and will the double, both hold poker chips in the opening? I'm upping my pledge to get a single and a couple storage boxes in anticipation that the stretch goal will be unlocked. I want a bunch of the stretch goals. I hope the product line will continue to be developed. Right on. Just upped my pledge!! @ Shawn Beerda The add-on price for a single (original) is $5 Any chance to add the original Card Caddy as an add on? As in get a discount on the original and getting it shipped with the Double when it's ready. I'd be interested... Awesome. I'm upping my pledge! Was really expecting this campaign to be reaching reaching all its SGs! Dammmmn... What would the 5 triples set me back? Storage boxes added havent hit the 48 hour reminders yet how much do i need to throw on for 3 triple? I've been vouching for this campaign but it's been hard to generate interest. How do Staff Picks work? Those always seem to help campaigns. It feels like there's no real push behind this anymore to try and hit stretch targets Taking the risk and upping my pledge When you get to retooling the Single Decker, can you look into shaving just a millimeter or two off the center reinforcement posts? I love the product but the fit is so tight with sleeved cards they're getting little dents in the top and bottom. Sorry, I want to check if anyone knows or have asked if it'll fit yugioh cards(sleeved, double sleeved) Love the design @Creator Have you decided how you're going to do the coins/plugs? I.E. Have you decided on pricing, color, designs, available vs. stretch-goal, etc? If they're about $1 (or 2/$1) and available now we can freely pre-purchased add-ons that haven't been unlocked yet, and if they don't we can always convert them to extra Caddys and/or plugs/coins. Also, I'd asked the other day and don't believe I saw an answer: do you have a fixed mold for the Single Card Caddys so they fit standard Poker Chips? And if so, will you be selling the new Caddys or old Caddys for add-ons? Likewise, will the coins/plugs be molded for the old size, new size, or both? Can I pitch in now for single deckers? Or is that unlocked somewhere? I want to throw more money at this so we can unlock the storage box! @creator thanks for the info I'll look into that. Maybe you should strike a deal with them and send EU orders from them and make this EU friendly that way? If you do pop me a mail and also put a big EU friendly sticker on the KS "main picture" for the project ;) Best of luck and I'll keep an eye on the progress If we can't hit the SG for the triple and other items, are you going to open them as another KS campaign? Really looking forward to the connectors and dice tower Keep posting if you can to get to the stretch goal....really want the storage! @chris get them into Ozgameshop.com I just realized this is not EU friendly and as much as I want these I just can't aford to risk the nasty customs fees I will most likely get hit with due to that fact. PLZ let us know if there is any chance you can help to avoid this or I will have to leave the ship :/ @Chris L. Did you post that to BGG? That would be great advertising if you posted it with a link to the Kickstarter! I'll be sure to bring mine with me to my FLGS for my game design group tomorrow night (Guatdian Games in Portland, OR after 5:00 if anyone's interested) to show them off. We gotta get the word out to get those stretch goals! @Sara Bear Great idea! I'm upping my pledge right now! @Creator When the Triple gets unlocked will we be able to upgrade Doubles to Triples? E.G. if we back the 5-pack of Doubles, could we upgrade two to get 3 Doubles and 2 Triples? I've Added enough $ for several storage bins to my pledge. Now, they aren't unlocked yet, but if more people did this, they'd get unlocked. You can always lower your pledge if we don't hit it. We played Lords of Waterdeep yesterday and we used a single-deck Card Caddy for the intrigue deck... worked really well. Can't wait for the double deckers! <url>� Now that I look more closely at the poker chip hole, the chip is held in with 2 tiny little nubs. These nubs are probably big enough to hold a poker chip but probably not strong enough to hold the boxes together, so my idea probably wouldn't work. Cool idea Chris Oh...a brain fart ok...thats only slightly less bad. Huh what i do }:-o OMG DID I..... break wind... Cool ideas!! But I'm more worried that the rate it's funding would not get us to the first SG So here's another idea.... Suppose you were to make a caddy connector using the poker chip holes.... So make a single piece that is the equivalent of 2 poker chips glued together with a thin spacer in between. You could snap it into the poker hole of one caddy and then snap another caddy onto the other half of the connector. Of course this would allow the caddys to spin but you could add small projections that fit into the 2 little finger spaces you have next to the poker chip hole. This would keep the caddys from spinning. So that by itself would be kinda cool, but then there are other uses, like you could make it with a small hole in the center and attach the connector to say... a lazy susan, and then when you're ready to play a game, snap on your card caddy and spin away without any worries about your cards flying off..... I've seen special custom made lazy susan trays carved out of wood for games like Dominion. You could instead set up an array of Card Caddys on a lazy susan, held in place with these special connectors mounted on the turntable. Another use I thought of is if you're traveling, you could mount one or more of these connectors onto a board and the kids could play card games in the back seat while traveling with no worries that the cards will spill all over during the game. Imagine your friends or family playing Dominion in the back of the van while traveling! I really want a storage box, however I suppose the connecter would allow a single decker to be used as storage....not as neat but an option. @Chris Nichols Thanks for the tip. It does make it a bit easier. I got the green and white set and mixed the colors to make it easier to tell which is the top and bottom as well. I just got 2 Card Caddys in the mail today. They are very sturdy, more than I was expecting which is nice. There is plenty of room for a full deck. @Chris Nichols I have bad joints and struggle a bit opening the Card Caddy. Is there a trick or best method to open it? I can definitely get it open, after a struggle. Thanks. Hi, I have a small concern with the single box, but I think it's easy to fix. When closing the box, there is a tab on one side of the bottom half of the box that fits into a slot on the side of the top half of the box. If you hold the box with cards in it tilted a little toward the side with the tab, and then attempt to close the box, the projections on the inside part of the slot will barely contact the cards. Over time, this will mark the cards. I think this is easily fixed by making the inside surface of the projection slightly tapered so that it will slide just past the cards rather than bumping up against the cards as you close the box. Nice Product! @Creator Yeah, sorry about that... I have a bad habit of taking a simple comment and turning it into a thesis. @All Like @Chris L. I got my first two Single Card Caddys in the mail today too (thank you Amazon Prime!). First impressions: noticed the small hole (thanks @Creator got fixing that in the newer versions; will you be putting out a revised Single Card Caddy?) but I don't care too much about that (a poker chip might not fit, but my fingers still do to make opening and removing cards easier). For size, I was able to easily fit an entire 54-card deck of Bicycle playing cards (the nice ones from Costco) in there, and was able to fit 35 Ultra-Pro sleeved cards comfortably (just enough for an Imperial Settlers deck, with a little wiggle room). I was able to fit every size of card, not counting oversized cards but including mini Euro and mini USA (think X-Wing miniatures; both fit side-by-side) EXCEPT for Euro Size (they're a few mm too tall). A suggestion for mini cards instead of another size of box: if you could add a small indent to the bottom through the chip hole (similar to where the Caddys slot together) you could make a small divider to convert the Caddys to hold mini size cards, hence why I'd asked whether the molds were made or not; these divers could also be useful for dividing the token boxes (add slots at 1/2, 1/3, and 1/4 to make it easy to divide, e.g. dice vs tokens). I'm even more interested in this campaign now, and definitely hope more stretch goals are met (even if my wallet doesn't). In the mean time, I'm upping my pledge for more! One odd thing though... the hole is only 33mm so none of my poker chips will fit. The main page says 39mm.... so are the new boxes going to be 39mm or 33mm like the single boxes? I just got 2 single Card Caddys in the mail today. They are nice boxes! I like them. I was actually able to get 60 unsleeved Alhambra cards in one box, but I would think the exact number that can fit will depend on the card quality/thickness. I was able to get 64 Lords of Waterdeep cards in there comfortably. Any plans on a mini deck one? I was rereading the campaign page earlier and I remembered a couple questions I forgot to ask: 1) When you refer to "sleeved cards" are you talking about "penny"/standard MayDay sleeves or Ultra Pro/Dragon Shield/premium MayDay sleeves? 2) Following up on @Markle's question: are the interior dimensions of the token boxes the same size as the card caddies, or are they slightly smaller? I.E. would sleeved cards fit in them? 3) I noticed you said "I have obtained external funding for production of the tooling...". Does that mean the mold for one or more of the items available in this campaign are already finalized and made, or are you still finalizing them? Hi Chris, I asked this question when the campaign was in draft status - but must have missed the answer by the time the campaign actually started. With the Add-ons for the two different token sized boxes - would you be able to place double sleeved cards in there instead of tokens? I have several other kickstarter games that are ~115 cards, and I was trying to figure out how to get that into a card caddy....would a triple decker and a storage box do it? ( I double sleeve). Thanks and I am glad this campaign is funded! (I upped my contribution last time to see if I could help it go through, but no dice.) Following up from my comments yesterday: the reason I asked the question the way I did was to get backers thinking about a possible reordering of the stretch goals; specifically: I was thinking the creator could put up a survey/straw poll to see what preferences/needs backers have for specific products he's proposing. In addition, consider this: $9000-Storage Box ($3) $14000-Triple Decker ($10) $6000-Scoring Pad ($4) $8000-Storage Box 2: poker chip ($3) $6000-Connector ($2) $13000-Dice Tower ($8) "What are these?" you might be asking. These are the differences between the various stretch goals (i.e. it will take $9000 in sales after funding to unlock the storage box) and the price of the unlocked item. Now why is this important? Because weighing probable purchases of less-expensive to unlock items over less-likely more-expensive to unlock items will accelerate the process of unlocking them. (Note: listed items and prices above don't take into account design changes such as merging the scoring pad & connector) I apologize if the above came across a bit preachy, I'm simply trying to provide the best advice I can to help this product become the best it can to help the creator get more of his designs made so I can get everything I need. ;p I do have a few more suggestion/ideas, but I've gotta go run some errands. Again: I'd suggest putting up a survey in an update to the project to see which stretch goals people are interested in (there are lots of free options, e.g. SurveyMonkey, though I've not personally used any of them) rather than assume backers necessarily want the specific stretch goals in the order they were presented (e.g. the connector and score pad seem to be rather popular based on a minority of backers' comments; I personally only back based on what's currently offered, but I always hope for more). I'd also be willing to help you with that, if you're interested. Welcome back for your second run! I didn't see the Kickstarter until after we recorded our latest episode of Kicking the Table, but I did post the link with some info on our Facebook page. Well, the trouble you're going to run into is that you'll get lots of different preferred stretch goal arrangements. For example, I have no interest in a dice tower, and I don't think I'll want a triple decker either. Switching the connector and the scorer makes a lot of sense since now the connector seems to also be able to be a scorer so you'll probably get a lot of agreement on that one. And I like the storage boxes as well. So I don't think there will be a lot of agreement on stretch goal order. I've been thinking about it a couple days, and I had a few comments/suggestions on the stretch goals: First off: I don't know about every backer, but I believe I'm not the only one who might prefer the order of the stretch goals to be rearranged; specifically, the scoring pad/connector could help accelerate sales since they're generally useful (see further below for more) and I'd really like to see that dice tower made. Regarding the scoring pad/connector, I agree with Chris L. about merging the two together; with a couple small modifications it could be significantly more versatile while taking up less space and being more useful. 1) Instead of counting from 1-XXX directly, make rows of ten, then include a peg of a given color/shape for each row: with two sets of three rows you could easily do 0-1000 each for two players, and if you added a second set of colors you could track any of 4 players, 2 value for 2 players (e.g. health & intoxication for Red Dragon Inn) or up to 4 values for 1 player (e.g. health, intoxication, and gold for Red Dragon Inn, with an extra marker for specific abilities like the drunken boxer's chi). 2) Continuing from (1) above, you could make the holes go all the way through, then put different values on each side. E.G. use the base-10 system above on one side, and a cribbage-style scoring on the back. 3) To allow for the increased number of pegs needed above (and the need for multiple scores of the same value) you could cut the peg size down to 1/2-1/3 the size, then taper them with a hole in the top so they can stack. The simpler systems of score keeping should also reduce the space needed to indicate the value of a given hole which should make it easier to fit the pegs on the card. I have a few other suggestions, but I was wondering if you could provide a little more information first: A) Could you provide sizes for all the caddies & accessories? (Preferably in mm) B) Could you provide more pictures/renders of the cases? Specifically the insides/backs of the various boxes, and a cross-section of the dice tower would be nice. +1 leigh indeed i wish the triple decker was next on the stretch goal instead of storage box Europe here how come the shipping doubled if you compare 5 caddies and 10 caddies? while if you compare 2 caddies with 5 caddies the shipping difference is only $1 Congratulations on getting funded. Looking at the stretch goals, would it not be possible to swap the Connector and Counter stretch goals? It just seems that the connector, combined with a counter element, would be far more useful and worth attaining sooner. Congratulations on funding The problem is that I can only add on a couple of things before I trigger customs, that's why I was hoping to purchase them separately depending on shipping prices The amazon account doesn't ship to Norway, will the website? If you use premium sleeves, the triple-decker is great for Pathfinder Adventure Card Game, MtG Commander decks. If thin or no sleeves are used, Star Realms (129 cards) should fit. I'm only interested in the triple-decker. I really wish it wasn't a stretch goal. @Rudy I don't know if the single is available for add-on, but you can order them now at the creator's website: <url>"Sold by Narrows Hills Games" so I'm assuming it is, and I'm sure the creator will comment in the morning; I've ordered a couple, but they don't arrive until Tuesday) Congrats on funding! :) Love the idea for a tiny erasable marker divider. Yes that's true @ExcalibursZone, the comments by @DZero are correct. The holes are needed to open the caddy and standard size poker chips can be used to plug them if desired. This has come up in previous campaigns, videos, etc. I did notice as @DZero mentioned that the video says he will be making coins available, but I don't know if that's true anymore since they were sized for poker chips. @Creator should speak to this since it isn't part of the campaign but is still in supporting materials. For the Stretch Goal add-ons, is it the stated amount per Double Decker or per pledge level? I'm assuming it's per Double Decker, as giving one storage box for $3 is reasonable for you, but giving five or ten storage boxes for $3 is probably not so reasonable. How can I add on to get the single decked caddy? Funding achieved! Yay! Follow-up: found it! It's at the end of the Kickstarter video, approx. 1:52. "...and finally, we'll have snap-in coins available so you can customize your coin caddies..." @ExcalibursZone If you look at the video or the picture above you'll see that they're designed for a Poker Chip. In addition, one of the videos did show that there is (or will be) a "plug" for the hole available. It's also used to help open the case (if you watch the video, it shows him pressing on the cards through the hole to separate the two halves of the case. Note: the above comments are from reading through the campaign page(s) and supporting material; I have no first-hand knowledge (my first single should arrive Tuesday) and don't know specifics of any planned products beyond what's mentioned on the campaign page(s) and comments. The only thing I dislike about the design are the big holes in the case's top and bottom. Otherwise I love the idea. Any chance you can provide plugs or something so that our cards don't get damaged through those holes? We're really close! A divider that functioned as a thick sleeve for rules storage might be idea. Can be used as a score pad using white board markers if using a lighter colour too. For a divider just cut some plastic vinyl. Even the black bases you get in the bottom of reusable bags to keep their shape should work once cut. Would be great if we could choose color ..some might want all in same and not different colors on the 5 pledge for example. Clear or clear matte would be nice. Maybe a See-through plastic card divider that could be used also as a first player marker? As some games has cards and a first player token, with this it could be general for games and also help some games be more portable ( without the need for the token) Sorry, I meant [ 1 - 2 - 4 - 10 ] vs [ 1 - 2 - 5 - 10 ] @Creator, I noticed that the campaign page "Summary of Rewards" graphic still says [ 2 - 4 - 10 ] for tiers, however this campaign the tiers are [ 1 - 2 - 5 - 10 ]. Also in that section and below, it would be a bit clearer with additional updates to reflect the change in your stretch goals (having the Storage Box next instead of the Triple). Any thoughts on dividers of some kind? It would be handy in a double or triple decker. @ Chris Great campaign so far. Thanks for interacting so much. We're obviously going to fund so let's share and reach as many stretch goals as possible. I like the counter connector. Food idea. Point counting is always hard to find good solutions for. Hands free card holder/rack gets a vote here!!! Huge problem with kids bending cards fidgetting with their hands having one with adhd and one with bipolar. They just can't not. Did you see my question below about the bottoms of the storage boxes? If you weren't planning on having a groove there I would think it would be easy to add on to your design, then we could daisy chain multiple boxes together. Can you give us more info and pictures on the deck of cards that comes with this? I would expect that each box is a single color, and if you get multiples, you can mix and match however you like. Will all double deckers be 2 toned or is that just an option? Sure, there would be less real estate for holes in the connector. But say 50 holes would be enough as a life counter for games like Star Realms or Sentinels of the Multiverse. So the connector piece could be a single player life counter and include 2 pegs and use the 2nd peg for when the counter wraps around. just a thought. Hey Chris, I play EDH in Magic, and this looks like a great way to keep those big libraries in check along with the attachments to help track life and counters. If you wouldn't mind, could you post a few more pictures and videos of how it plays compared to not having a caddy, it's just something I'd like to see Funded 75% in one day! Let's go!!!! Read the campaign page a half-dozen times and just now finally caught on to all the CCC item names - Card Caddy Cache, Card Caddy Counter, Card Caddy Crypt... Apparently I've been so giddy about the relaunch that such fine details escaped me. ;) Seriously, congrats on how well it's going! I'm intrigued by the below suggestion to have the connector double as the counter, and interested to know if @Creator had already attempted this. Also about counter (scoring pad) - am just a little bit concerned about how easy (or not) it is to detach this item from a caddy. Purchased 2 singles during St. Patrick's day sale and I love them! Looking forward to picking up some doubles and a component container so let's hit those stretch goals! This time we've got it. @Chris... Any chance in the future to do Caddys for mini cards.... A lot of games are using those now and they are hard to keep when sleeved.... @Petri. I'm also going to use this with Vampire.... Nice to find a fellow master of the night. So what does the bottom of the storage box look like? It shouldn't be hard to construct them with an indentation like the card caddy tray has, then you could daisy chain any number of the storage boxes together. we use the single card caddies almost EXCLUSIVELY as trays, for settlers of catan Genius games games (linkage does fit in it but I haven't sleeved it yet either). the double on the other hand will primarily be used to store games for portability and travel. because it will fit many more of our games....the triple I will be grabbing a couple when we hit it and the storage boxes and dice tower and score card but the bulk of utility is the double. they just aren't big enough for the majority of our decks. One of my favorite games is Alhambra and I just checked and it has 108 cards. Perfect! That game could definitely use trays to keep the draw and discard piles under control. That is a good idea Chris. The trick might be getting the pegs to fit on it still for storage. We're past 2/3. This is probably going to fund by tonight or tomorrow which is great because the stretch goals are awesome. I love Christ idea! Another suggestion, maybe you could make the connector double as a round/turn counter instead?:) I was thinking about the connector.... it's a shame that the connector piece can't be used for something else when the caddies are in use... then I thought why isn't the scorepad able to function as a connector? Just change the design a little? Just noticed the triple decker stretch goal. We must unlock that! Any chance of something exclusive for kickstarter backers only? Limited Edition - Original/Kickstarter backer engraved card caddy (similar to your first kickstarter project), Kickstarter exclusive color etc.. Shared this with my gaming friends. :) Can we order multiples of a specific pledge? For example, if I do the $16 pledge, can I do 2 or more of them? I have 3 of the standard card caddies.I use them mostly while playing the DC deck building games to keep the kick, weakness, super villain and destroyed card piles nice and neat. They are very useful. I LOVE this idea! It's way better than the other boxes out there on the market. They're inexpensive, great for kids, don't take up too much room, and I can just imagine how used they'll be in games like Firefly with a huge tabletop footprint. Chris has a BGG thread on this Kickstarter project. Consider checking it out and give it a thumb to raise interest. <url>#1 hoping for success