@Sean So glad that you're still enjoying Cards Against Humanity! We'll keep your suggestion in mind and let you know if we ever offer separate pack of blank cards. @Florian - Thanks for the update! We're still getting reports of missing sets from our European backers, but we think they might be delayed. @Bobby - email us at <email>. We'll see what we can do. Thanks Josh. You are correct that we haven't had any shipping information for the last few weeks, although we just got some major news which I am writing up now. Thanks for your patience and support! @turck3 The decks are being printed and assembled in China - we'll post updates as soon as there is any news. @Bobby, we just posted an update: <url>" x 3.5"). The free print-at-home game will stay as little squares so that it's as affordable as possible for people to make. We'll look into adding blank cards in the future - thanks for the suggestion. @John - Hang tight. We're finalizing the order the printer, and we'll have a schedule update in the next few days. @Nathan - we're going to complete our Kickstarter fulfillment before we make more sets available. You can sign up at <url>"If you think you might have missed a survey email, please log in to your Kickstarter account to check — you’ll see a notification at the top of the site for any missed surveys." @jpocket - If you added $5 to your Kickstarter pledge for shipping, you're all set. The extra few cents are only there to cover transaction fees for people who need to pay using PayPal. Here are the PayPal links for people who still need to pay for shipping: U.S. Shipping: <url>"updates" page. Thanks for your support! Hey Ryan - Thanks for that idea, we'd love to integrate that into our website. We do integrate ideas from players, which you can submit at <url>´s been a while since you guys gave us an update :) Getting VERY excited for my game! Hope all is going well with getting everything together - I'm sure you boys are all very busy! any updated ETA? Been about a month since we heard anything What's the word on shipping? It's been a while. Any updates on the printing/shipping? Think I might get my cards before PAX East? Would love to bring this to the conference... (March 11-13) So, I'm curious, are the cards going to be normal playing card size and shape like the art shows, or are they going to be lil squares like the .PDFs show. If they are going to be normal playing card size, can we get new PDF templates for making our own custom cards. You know, once you have some free time. Just wondering if the sets had been sent out yet. How can I make sure I got the survey submitted? Word got out on The Awesomer a little late and now I can't pledge :( Is there any way I can get a hold of the box set sooner rather than later? Or do I have to wait till the sets begin to get sold on the CAH website? And where is the survey you want filled out, Mr. Evil? I am waiting to get my boxed set, then throwing a party with my... evil friend group. I am going to place Cards Against Humanity INSIDE the apples to apples box, then reveal it with a swoosh. Epic can be the only result This is an amazing game. We played our first game of Cards Against Humanity last week, and it got a great response from everyone. After playing it, Apples to Apples just isn't the same. I am SOOOOO excited to get my game (and so are many of my friends)!!!! Congrats Max and Thank YOU! I included $5 extra for shipping originally, but your latest update says $5.46 including paypal fees...Do I need to make an additional payment now? congratulations, you made it! me and my friends can't wait to play. Nooo! I didn't see the $5 shipping charge and only pledged $15... Can I send you guys $5 more and get a boxed set of cards? Pretty please? is there going to be any sort of blank cards done so people can add new cards at home? Hi, is there any (however approximate) timeline for a) getting contacted regarding the 16 custom cards and b) shipping being sent out? Thanks. Seems very cool, I am glad I caught this in the remaining three hours. Cannot wait to receive my box of the game! @Max Thanks for the clarification! Can't wait to get my set. I'd posted on BoardGameGeek also to get the word out, seems to have helped :D Just out of curiosity, now that we've reached $15,000 how many cards in total do the Kickstarter backers get? Is it: 500 cards in the core set (80 Black Cards and 420 White Cards) + 40 Kickstarter exclusive cards (20 Black Cards and 20 White Cards) + 10 cards from $10,000 Challenge reached + 50 cards from $15,000 Challenge reached = 600 cards Or have I mis-interpreted the numbers? Forgot the $5 shipping. $15005. Haha Glad I could be the one to get this project to 15k. $15000! Looks like you've got 40 more cards to write! >:3 EIGHTY-FIVE DOLLARS LEFT THIS IS GONNA BE CLOSE woooo $160 in 7 hours, that should be no problem at all! weeeee're gonna make 15k! This looks like the coolest board game ever made!! If anyone else has StumbleUpon you should 'Thumbs Up' the project home so we can hit that $15,000 mark! @Joseph, Yes, it does. And since we hit $10k, it will include 10 more not available anywhere. Does the $15, printed version include the Kickstarter bonus cards? Its an adult version of Apples to Apples. Yeaaa @Hunty, Since our game is satire, I think we're safe! But thanks for the heads up. You guys might want to reconsider the "Before I Kill You, Mr. Bond" card: <url>"Apples To Apples" for the devious mind! Can't wait to share with friends! I'd like to pick up say, half a dozen copies for my store. Is this doable, and if so how should I pledge? Will you do some form of combines shipping? Thanks! @Dirk: With other projects, they create a survey after it funds and that's where you will enter your shipping info and any special instructions. Uhm, where do I enter an international shipping address? Through Amazon payments I could only add my US billing address, but no shipping address? Great game! Had you thought about translating the cards? I would buy a Spanish game... Will the instant PDF download be sent to us in an email? About how long after the pledge will it arrive? This game is going to rule so hard. We've been sharpie-ing a standard set of Apples to Apples up until now. Am I blind? Has those Add $5 to USA sections of your rewards always been there? Not trying to sound sarcastic but this is the first time I honestly noticed it. I guess I'm just use to other projects having it built in free shipping to the US. Sorry for the confusion. @Max That doesn't make sense, why is someone penalized for ordering more than one set by having a higher price? Is it possible to pledge double or triple the 15 dollar amount to receive extra copies of the game? I know a bunch of friends that would love this as a gift. Yeah I came here to post that this game described in the video is literally apples to apples. Not only does it exist in card form, it also exists in video game form. Cool project none the less. Ya'll should tweak it a bit more to appeal more to a 21+ drinking crowd. @Caleb & @Max <url>