Surveys will be out Monday 9/8 shipping will begin at the end of September decks have been proofed and are currently being printed. QCC @양현석: Got it thanks a lot @양현석: Add 14 get the Warrior deck along with the pip or the number deck. Brandon @양현석: Add 14 get standard and a Warrior Deck Brandon @Angel: Thanks for your pledge and noted Brandon @Charlie: Thank you Sir.... @Honore: I apologize a little busy with multiple projects in the works. To answer your question $55 pledge you get the box and 3 decks you can choose pips or numbers you will specify on the sure vey. Warrior deck is an add on for $12. Sorry it took awhile to get back to you we appreciate your support. Brandon QCC @Travis Callan: No whoever orders gets one @Andrew D. Earles: Hey Andrew The numbers deck is going to be limited to a certain amount depending on funding. All decks unless you tell us in the survey will be the pip designed deck. Brandon QCC Thanks Kyle @Andy Jarvis We didn't forget were working in that right now should have it up tomorrow. QCC @ Loretta Micheals THANKS AGAIN for you support.... @ Loretta Micheals...Thanks for the notice we totally forgot. QCC Lovely 3 years since this scammer took my money. Kickstarter doesn't do squat to help. And is one of the reasons why i will never do another kickstarter. Lovely 3 years since this scammer took my money. Kickstarter doesn't do squat to help. And is one of the reasons why i will never do another kickstarter. Yes , they ran away with your money. Don't expect a refund. It's a lost cause on this one. You gone away with the money ?? How do I get a refund? a pity. this would've been a nice deck. i wonder if someone else could do the design, since this one isn't materializing An, KS won't be bothered to take action. they got their share of the money and it's really hard to take action tbh. so yeah.. money lost. all has gone away, rite? does KS say something in this case? we sponsored to make dream come true. But, pls dont use trust for cheating. There will be No deck. Just money lost. Product is not received yet. When will this product? @Matthew, okay then. all is good. Jx Jew I had your comments mixed up with someone elses. Didn't mean to address you in that comment. I have backed 217 different playing card projects on kickstarter since early 2013 and so far this is only the second deck where it was funded and I received nothing (ie scam). Yes there is risk but I would say the scammers are few and far between. @Matthew, excuse me, may I ask, who on earth enjoys their money being conned? i just said we wouldn't have known if this was a scam, did you know it was going to be a scam? what you commented is pretty insulting. in what way has i defended the con artist? please watch your words. No, Jeremie. The creator never responded to repeated messages so I filed a chargeback with my credit card company and they granted it. This guy, Brandon Kirk, is a crook. Has anyone heard anything recently? All I know is he said the stuff was being printed and would be shipped by the end of September. Since then, he hasn't communicated at all and won't respond to messages. To me, that screams, crook. Jx Lew you make some legitimate claims to peoples' criticisms on here, but why does it seem like your defending this con artist? Any word on potential lawsuit against this ? @Bill, I think you've got it wrong, it says it's only using USPCC to print if it hits a certain amount of pledge money (15k iinm) so we wouldn't have known.. Yeah, you cannot tell by the goal amount initially. Check out some of the goals on my backer list, there are a lot of projects that start with a goal that isn't really enough to do the project. This is often because their using the strategy that a funded project makes more money. And I've been told by, and seen for myself that this is true of a large number of projects. Also, sometime, but not that often, the product is going to be produced anyway or already exists and their using KS as a way to sell some bulk. BUT, that being said, professional laying card creators with good track records tell me that you need about a minimum of $15,000 to fund a deck of cards that being printed by USPCC or ant decent quality company. Had I been paying attention I would have canceled the last day on this For Sure. Had whoever the " Quad City Cards" people been honest they would have canceled when they saw this project wasn't working. Or posted updates to let us know they were providing the rest of the money. (Or going really low quality) @Matthew, not exactly true. Stained Glass by Undefined Knowledge has a pledge goal of $500, but they succeeded in producing their rewards. many were actually quite pleased by the end product. all we can do now is to hope that we can reclaim our pledges. I guess we should have figured something was up when all he wanted for project was 1000 goal for a run of playing cards. Just filed my complaint on Amazon. Has anyone contacted this Brandon fella? Or has a police report been filed? Just remember that unless something's changed recently you can not file for a refund on amazon if you have already done so on a credit card. Best to try amazon 1st, the card. Also both have deadlines either starting from carpet charged or date delivery expected. Sorry, I intended to say Brandon, not Raymond. My biggest disappointment is with kickstarter. They could at least help by filing a police report on our behalf. This type of default has got to be bad for their reputation. I know that this will not be a high priority for law enforcement but Raymond must have left a pretty wide trail and in my experience he will eventually be caught if his case is out there. We probably will not get our money back but at least we know someone went after him. @Mike, alright, thanks! I've did so with the bank, hopefully I'll get a refund. thanks a lot for your help :) @ Jx Lew. My Kick Starter method of payment, for my pledges, are made through my Amazon Payments account. My Amazon Payments account charges a credit card, that I have on file, when my pledges are submitted. The account that ultimately funds the pledge is my credit card on file with Amazon Payments. First, I filed a loss claim with Amazon Payments stating that the product I was to receive for pledging was never received. I made the same claim with my credit card company (Citi Bank) which was used to fund my pledge. Citi Bank refunded my loss amount. Ultimately, as Kick Starter supporters, we are paying money (our pledge) for a product (the "reward" we should receive for our pledge). File a loss claim with your credit card companies the worst that could happen is that your claim is denied. @Mike, I'm sorry, I've never faced this problem, but how to you do that and what good does that exactly do? Disputed the charge with my Amazon payment account and my credit card account. Really upset about this, it was meant to be a surprise birthday gift for my partner who is a huge fan of celtic knots. Very very disappointed that KickStarter lets things like this happen. well i hope the creator can sleep at night because. i have a lot of problem with KS project and again one more ! Honore, if this turns out not to come through please don't be discouraged with KS. I've backed over 100 projects and if these guys don't come through it will be my first loss. There are a lot of great projects here so I hope you try again! In the meantime, I have fingers crossed that they will magically come through. But I'm definitely not holding my breath. :) @Honore Keep us posted, let me know what i can do to help. that'd be cool. thanks :) I contacted my local police dept to get some guidance (because Kickstarter is useless) and they told me to contact the authorities in Moline, IL and see where that takes me. They said to specifically call the District Attorneys office for that area because of the amount he got total. Every state is different in considering what is Grand Theft (felony) and what is Simple Theft (misdemeanor). I'll contact this week and let you know what they say. yeaaaaah.... i kinda had a feeling that this is a scam now. my friend asked my to cancel my pledge before it ends. ah, should've listened. Feel a little stupid...this was my first attempt at backing and it turned out like this. I have backed one other project (that I have no worries about!) but will not be doing so again. This one left to bad of a taste in my mouth. Sent a private message to the creator on 9/19/14 as well as a comment here and never received a reply to either communication. i don't really see the decks being sent out on oct lolol. is the fulfilment even going on...? lol @Quad City Cards - how do you know how many warrior decks to print, pips vs numbers, etc if the surveys haven't gone out? Not trying to be mean or rude - I'm wondering if you are printing more than was backed to have more to sell once rewards go out. well. not trying to be negative or anything but..... it does look a little like this project is well... isn't really in progress..? I still haven't received a survey either. @Honore, nope... i didn't receive one too.... Did the surveys go out as announced? Just wondering b/c I haven't seen one yet... thanks for the update! much appreciated :) creator's last login was on the 30th of July.. should i be worried or....? When will the survey go out for which decks we want if pledged for more than one deck? Thank you. In the page of "Collected pledges", there are categories "Projects I becked, Pledged, Reward, Got It, Messages" and there are blanks which I may check under the "Got it" category. I am confused when I should check those blanks. Should I check them after I get the rewad? Or now? Standard deck - number Warrior deck - pip Thanks! Is there a Warrior deck also divided the pip version and version number? I Receive (1) deck--free shipping world wide Q. Add $14 = Standard Deck+Warrior Deck? or Standard Deck change Warrior Deck? Added 1LE Warrior deck Hi Brandon, I just added $36 for an additional regular deck, and two LE Warrior decks. Beautiful design work here! thanks, Charlie @Honore, in the survey, you'll be typing in your add ons in a empty box, iinm. so you'll be able to specify and confirm your order + add ons :) I got the $55 reward + $12 for the warrior deck...the survey will recognize the amount difference correct? Sorry to be such a pain..this is my first backing so I'm new to Kickstarter but I couldn't resist the Celtic artwork lol Thank you for the clarification...I changed my pledge accordingly!! I sent a message on July 25th but haven't gotten a response so I backed the project to ask my question here because you seem to be active in the comments section: I'm really sorry to bother you guys but I'm confused as to what I actually get with the higher backer packages. What level gets the wooden boxes? What level gets the limited edition Warrior? Can you choose between numbers and pips? Thanks for the clarification! is the wood deck box a stretch goal? Mike, the Bicycle branded deck will only be available if the amount raised for this KS reaches 12k. If it does not reach 12k then it will not be Bicycle branded. Currently, a Bicycle branded deck is not realistic and probably will not happen with only 10 days left in the campaign. Great looking cards. Im a little confused about the $12,000.00 goal to get the Bicycle branded cards (I may have overlooked reading about how/when/if that will happen. Can you tell me about that? Which deck goes in the LE tuck box, numbers or pips? Congratulations! And my shift from 2 decks to 3 with the case makes it official.... WE ARE FUNDED!!!! So which is it going to be; numbers in the centre or pips? Personally I really liked the new pip designs. In for 2 decks either way. ;-) Almost funded already :) Have pledged $23 for one of each deck. Thanks and keep up the good work. Excellent news! Wow, the previous campaigns looked pretty good, but this revision looks fantastic. The colors are just great. I'm really looking forward to this deck. Nice looking deck, good colours. Still prefer the numbers instead of pips in the middle but hey! Maybe as an add-on? You might want to add the words 'playing cards" to your title. I do a regular search on those words to find new decks. Yours didn't come up. I was just lucky to stumble on you while browsing around through the games section. Also, I backed the first deck and I'm surprised I didn't get an email saying you had revised and were live again. I would have signed up if you had. I bet there are others who would too. I LOVE this deck and I really hope it's successful this time. Best of luck!