@All. Thanks for a successful campaign. We look forward to hearing how you use Collar Perfect and your thoughts on the product. With your help, we brought the idea to life. Now that all ordered are fulfilled, we are placing our campaign as complete. All future requests, questions, etc, please send to <email>. Thanks, The Collar Perfect Team @Sween. For your security, we have sent you a direct message with your shipping information. @Chiel Our kickstarter project was only for a US power-corded unit. However, the internal circuits support 110v and 220v and will work in your countries power requirements. @Andre. The units have been through ETL certification for either 110 or 220v. The internal electronics are designed to operate in either operating environments and do not require any type of physical switch between the 2 standards. You are safe to use in either 110v or 220v. @All. Thanks for a successful campaign. We look forward to hearing how you use Collar Perfect and your thoughts on the product. With your help, we brought the idea to life. Now that all ordered are fulfilled, we are placing our campaign as complete. All future requests, questions, etc, please send to <email>. Thanks, The Collar Perfect Team @Pabs. Collar Perfect is ETL certified for either power requirements. You are safe to use. @Michael and @Keith. Our campaign was only for a US power cord as described in the Kickstarter campaign. During the campaign and based on requests, we were able to change the electronics engineering to support 110v and 220v. The units can operate for both voltage requirements. @ Jon. We've reviewed your delivery address to your Alamo location. The USPS carrier appears to have routed your shipment through a processing station, but is still on track for your destination. For your security, we'll contact you directly. @ Trevor Lee For your security, please see our direct response via your provided email address. Please ensure you have Kickstarter and Collar Perfect added to your safe sender list to ensure messages from either source are not placed into the Spam folder. @All. All Orders have shipped and the automated messages contain your tracking numbers for the shipment. Take some pictures and tag us or send to us how you best enjoy your new Collar Perfect! @Keith. It took 3 additional days for the warehouse to process the intake and begin shipments. The good news is that the shipments are well underway and is not yet complete. You should be receiving your confirmation and tracking shortly. Thanks. @All. Please check the latest update for backer shipments and timing for this week. @Roger. Please send your updated address in a message to us. @JP, Thanks for the notice, it looks like it didn't publish when submitted. It should be live now. @All. See the latest update posted today for exciting news. @HL. We are waiting on customs to provide notification of completing processing. We were advised this could take up to 5 business days, so we expect an answer by today or tomorrow. Once complete, we will deliver to the warehouse and begin shipments. We expect to begin all shipments as early as 2/3-2/5. Once custom clearance is complete, we'll provide notification. @All. Our shipment has made it stateside. We received the official notice last night and is currently processing through customs. @All. We wanted to provide another update. We checked on the status of the shipment. The container ship left port on time. We are expecting the next update from the shipping company by 1/6 - 1/8 with updated ports of call. @ All. Production is 100% complete and the 3rd party inspection reports were received today. There were some minor packaging issues to ensure the units will arrive undamaged discovered in the inspection. These are being repackaged and are scheduled to leave port now on 12/24. The packaging delay will only add 3 days to timeline and fulfillment will begin 1/22/16. @ All. The 3rd party inspections are on track for completing according to our published timeline. The final report is not expected to arrive until 3 business days later (12/15). We'll provide an update once received. @ Jon. Please ensure you have your Kickstarter account settings set to allow Kickstarter Project Updates to be sent to you via email. We have shared our updates and exact dates and timelines in our latest two updates. Yesterdays update also shared the exact dates. Here is the link: <url>#27. We will have a post Monday or Tuesday about the samples. Stay tuned to the updates and comments section over the next month or so and we'll keep you up to date. We'll post a reminder comment to check the latest update posting. Thanks all and have a Great July 4th Weekend. Brandon @Karl Lee Soule . Thanks for the support Karl. We should have some posts in the next 5-7 days with the status of tooling and 1st pass factory samples. @Mitchell. Our tooling is still underway and is going great so far. The T1 samples should be coming soon as tooling begins to wrap up in thee beginning of July. Once we receive a few of these samples and know it's on the way, we'll post an update. We'll share some images of the samples as well. @Mitchell. Our tooling is still underway and is going great so far. We have not had any hold ups or concerns in the process so far with our factory. The T1 samples should be coming soon as tooling begins to wrap up. Once we receive a few of these samples and know it's on the way, we'll post an update. We'll share some images of the samples as well. @all. Update coming tomorrow. Stay tuned. @ JP LH and Dleec19. We are thankful for your continued support. Our factory is in the process of tooling. Once they are complete, the dates of production completion and container shipment fall into line. We will have more firm dates on our upcoming 5/18 Update communication. @ Yasser Haddawi. Please send your updated information to <email> @All. Kickstarter sent out an auto generated message today as we changed our address update setting. Per our update on April 21st, we have requested our backers provide their address updates directly to us. The change in the process is to ensure that your updates are received. Address changes in your profile do not automatically update your backed campaigns. To avoid any issues and to prepare our distribution system, we have made the change in to the address update process. Address Changes: Process Change We will continue to accept updates to addresses up through the end of April via the Kickstarter system. Beginning May 1st, all address changes will need to be sent to <email>. We will confirm each email receipt we receive. We will also advise a minimum of 3 weeks prior to when all shipping for all addresses changes to be submitted. Following this notice, we will lock in the addresses in order meet delivery requirements. Please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. @all. Our update is scheduled to post around noon tomorrow. @Backers. Next update is scheduled for 4/20. Stories and Picture Submissions Ever stay somewhere on vacation, stay at a hotel while traveling, or visit a relative and need to iron? It seems when you need an iron most, the iron has melted carpet on it, the ironing board is broken, or something else is wrong. Send us your pictures of stained irons, irons with burnt carpet, damaged ironing boards, etc. If you have an ironing nightmare you want to share, tell us about it. If you think we might like it, share it. Send your pictures to <email> and our favorites will be posted on our social media feeds. @JP. The information below can be further seen in the following update. <url>’s occurred during the final step. Chinese New Year requires a three week pause while the factory closes for the holiday. Based on the required design and holiday delay, this will impact our anticipated shipment timeline. We are now anticipating the following timeline: • Manufacturing Preparation. February. • Tooling, Production & Packaging Qualification. March – April • Kickstarter Order Production and Fulfillment. May - June Continuing Support of Address Changes Several backers may need to change their addresses. We will continue to allow updates to addresses up until 48hr till the final shipping. We will put out a four week notice before shipping. After this notice backers will have two weeks to provide address changes before these become locked in and begin shipping. Here are their directions. “If you've already submitted your backer survey, you can review your response by visiting the project page and clicking the 'Your response' text in the bottom of the reward tier you selected. Then, you’ll notice an option at the top of this modal that will allow you to change your shipping information.” Also, please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. @LH Thank you for your patience. Our update will be posted in the morning and is in final edit. @Backer. New updates will be published by the 18th. Stay tuned for our update tomorrow...New pictures, design, and production schedule updates coming your way... Come show some love this Valentine's Day weekend.....we have some exciting news coming in our update this weekend. @LH, our post was delayed due to getting access to an image. It is now posted: <url>"we'll send it back when you pay for shipping again". I emailed Kickstarter support to no effect. Bottom line: reward still not received and never going to be received. Creator is non responsive to any of my emails. SCAM! Hello, I am still waiting my collar perfect. Please contact me, thanks. I found a great convenient n quick way of ironing Everlast Boxing Hand Wraps using Collar Perfect after each wash. Hi... I am yet to receive my product... is there anyone else who is still waiting for theirs? Collar Perfect Team, please update me on what the situation of my shipment is please. @Brandon and everybody else wondering. I can confirm that all 3 units worked perfectly fine at 220V. I had to use an adapter but it's not an overly powerful iron and doesn't draw that much so any good quality adapter should be fine. I plugged it in and it worked like it did on my 110V line. I received my collar perfect... but i can't use it in the Netherlands... because it has the wrong voltage and plug.. :S :S That was quick! All three units arrived in perfect conditions in Brazil. I'm a little worried though - the manual says 110/220 but on the iron itself it's written 100-120. I travel to places that are 110, some that are 220 and here at home it's 220. Now I don't know which one to trust - the manual or the iron. I got one with the US power cord which is fine because it's easier to plug it into my outlets, does this mean that they're strictly 110V? I received all 3 units in great retail packaging. Hasn't test it yet. But looks totally awesome. Got mine in Canada. Looks and feels good. Worked great on my test shirt. Look forward to more testing! Received mine in Canada.... V nice design and works quite well.. Good instructions sheet... Has various heatt/material settings.... Takes some practice to use it as a clamp in the air without a flat surface... but great to have the option to switch to traditional iron Great compact size and absolutely perfect size for travel without bulk at all... Wonderful work and great price for this gadget.. Got my product and it seems to work well, but it will take a bit of time to use it more efficiently. Thanks. Received today in Australia. Looking forward to using this on my trip to Japan :) One question though. Australia has 220-240v mains and the Collar Perfect rates at 110-220v. Will the unit work without damaging it...? Received today in Spain. Bravo!! I will put an adapter plug and "et voilà". Tonight will test. Thaks. Same as Keith below, mine arrived today with US power adaptor despite being a UK customer... Hi, I received mine today, I ordered 3 units, all have arrived with non removable US power adaptors, I am an international customer, why did these not have the UK plug on them? just got mine today and love it so small and heats up very fast. so amazing been waiting to this since i saw it on kickstarter. Great work! :) Why is my item in Puerto Rico presently when it shipped form Michigan????? @Brandon I haven't received any emails containing a tracking number. Could you please manually email one to me? Looking forward to recieving the final product! Thanks, Trevor Product appears to work as intended. This is great news. Only two things that concern me is the mention of lead in the instructions along with the cancer warning (for the wire coating? but this may be normal in all products?) and the chemical smell while heating up. Hoping the smell is just from being used for the first time and that it goes away after repeated uses. Got mine yesterday (Feb 18). I live in Philadelphia. Haven't tested it out yet though. I received mine today! Going to test it tonight... Got my shipping notice today! They should have shipped 4 - 5 days ago. Anybody get theirs yet? I'm assuming they didn't ship yet, or there would have been an update. Thanks for the update! Can we update our addresses somewhere? Anyone else seeing Jan 5 as the most recent update? when the shipment would begin? I actually will be leaving to study overseas really soon, so I'd be really happy to give the product a test run and recommend it to others. Can we just simply get a HARD DATE of when you are shipping!! Please! Would be a good time for an update, given that 3rd party QC was supposed to either start or finish today. Was manufacture completed according to the schedule in Update 33? Any way to change my shipping address? As you have pushed back the shipping date yet again, I will no longer be at the same address as I submitted. Can we get a update please. This is becoming very frustrating with the lack of information you are given us. Glad we funded a vacation break earlier this month. No question there have been legitimate obstacles, but the lack of communication has been pretty bad. I don't get it, are we supposed to wait now for 2 months more before we get another update? Agree with the recent comments. In comparison to even the most delayed Kickstarters, this one is missing at least the communication factor. It takes 30 days to deliver overseas!? That is laughable. I have this shipped overseas often for my company and even with FIRST time customs delays (that moves significantly faster the 2nd time and forward) it is never close to 30 days. Eh, kids today. Don't understand the logistics of making new things with new partners. Nomiku 1 was basically a year late. Nomiku 2 was supposed to deliver a month before Collar Perfect, and still not here. Kickstarter is an exercise in managed expectations. Take every delivery date, and increase it by a factor based on the complexity. Pocket Squares... one month late. Third round of underwear, probably on time. Anything more complicated than cutting cloth... expect 3 months to 12. Indy game design... still waiting for Thunderbeam for iPad (I think there have been 4-5 generations of iPad since that one closed). This user's account has been deleted. @creator finally added an update of status report, with suggested timeframe for shipping the product to backers. So if doing simple calculation we are looking at an ETA of the product to backers of another 60-90 days. That puts the project at nearly a year. Should have the title changed to "Collar Perfect: the insanely delayed iron". We'll probably see another unexpected delay in 2 months for something else, and if not it would be nothing short than a miracle. Even if I get this product, there's no way I'll ever back antoher one of this guy's projects again. The delays on this are ridiculous! When will I give up even checking on this product? I think maybe today. It is terrible even by kickstarter standards. Lets all just assume we have been scammed and leave Mr. Dierker alone with our hard earned money in his pockets and be pleasantly surprised if he ever delivers. I was going to keep further inquiries into why my shipment has been interminable delayed, but realized I'm just one of 1277 awaiting the same thing. Guys, calm down. He said they are on vacation until today. That means he won't hear from them until tomorrow, and that's assuming they looked at it during their holidays. At this point what is a few weeks here or there. There have been obvious hurdles but at least they are tackling them. I do agree they haven't been the best with timely communication, but I can tell you for certain they are far from the worst (look at arist for an example of horrible communication). You will get your iron in due time. It was the Chinese holiday, so let's not beat them for things out of their control! October 8 came and went and still no update or comment from the @creator. Why am I not surprised?... Wonder if this will deliver for the holidays. Been almost a year. I, for one, like the new color scheme. Looks a lot less like a toy. Can't wait to get mine! I don't get it, you said updates due in tomorrow that means Saturday, so now it's until next week?? While I do see holidays as obvious delay factor, you did mention the company confirmed updates by Saturday... @creator, where's the promised engineers update and last update and shipping dates?.. No, they've stopped publishing dates, I imagine after missing the first estimated dates. I ordered this last year is it would make an excellent travel companion. It's now been almost 1 year. Is there an estimated backer delivery date?? Something is amiss.. The link you published to the shipment tracking shows est. delivery by Sept. 22 and that it's still in transit... So how is it you already got it? Also, last update shows design pictures not actual product. Please release actual photos we would like to see actual product.. This is getting to be 6 months delay and frankly does not look well. I know projects may have delays but either the factory producing the products is of amateur company or the product itself is to blame. In any event none of this contributes much to the reliability of the entire matter, as all we have till now are some updates and updates of no real data. It begins to feel like a public service office.. ;-) What I fail to understand is that at the beginning of the project, in the video, you already seem to have a working unit, so why the constant issues with design all the sudden? Even if all this is legit, it seems like bad project management. Guys, this should have been already out. Backers should not be forced to wait 6-8 months more than promised shipping time. I seriously beginning of thinking to request a refund ASAP. Its kind of crazy how wrinkled my clothes have gotten. This project estimate a spring debut for shipping models and now we are are 6 months back dated. whats next ? Is Belinda's maiden name possibly Dierker? Seems like people are getting a little "hot under the collar" about how long it's taking. I agree it's a long haul. I wasn't paying attention to the estimated delivery date and actually bought two for my husband for last Christmas (guess my brain's a little wrinkled). I bought two other items at the same time and received delivery of one last November and the other in March. So this does seem like a long haul. However, just wanted to say your iron seems like a really great design and I'm sure it will be well worth the wait. I'm grateful to be part of this whole concept of supporting and benefiting from innovative people like Brandon who put their livelihood and reputations on the line to bring something new and unique to the marketplace. Thanks Brandon! @Creator. So after the 5 unit run (which has finished now?), you will go into full production, right? What is the new estimated shipping date? What's the latest? Shipping was supposed to begin by now according to the adjusted timeline. Any news yet? Has been nearly 2 weeks since last update... @ Jon and @ Ryan, this is a Kickstarter campaign and by the very nature of that there will be delays and setbacks. I agree that this project has continued on quite a while but what good does it do to throw your hands in the air and wail? Over a thousand of us believed in this project and Brandon to begin with or we would not have backed it. Let's hope we see results fairly soon and perhaps Brandon will be able to manage our expectations with delivery-time information. I do believe that would be the respectful and considerate thing to do here. If he doesn't know, it would be far better for him to say that than remain silent. Just sayin'. What say ye, Brandon? I get a strong sense of being swindled. I, for one, do not think I will be backing anymore Kickstarter projects. This seems to be a common occurrence... shipping in March, no June, no December... IF AT ALL! All these complaints and all we get is a picture of a dirty prototype that looks worse than the one we saw the day the project was launched? I am beyond frustrated. I give up on this product. Any update on when we can expect to receive the product? You post lots of updates but do not answer people's questions.... As a backer I would like to know WHY there have been delays and WHEN we can expect the product... Most people don't care about your process or tooling, every update should have some content that gives people an idea of expected delivery... This is getting frustrating @Creator - I also 2nd to what Cullen and rest earlier said. I'm also starting to doubt it myself.. No pictures were/are posted of the samples, and from July 7 till now no real update on the status. We should have better detailed update for the project, more business-wise given that the project's already in months of delay... How about a realistic update as to when products will start shipping? Anyone else starting to seriously doubt we will ever get this? So,When will start shipping? Can i get by August first week? Thanks Brandon - Thank you for staying active in the comments! Little updates like this go a long way. Looking forward to some pictures of the newest samples! Tooling still going well? Any new updates How about "sorry, we're late?" your updates sounds like we should be thankful for backing up your project. 5/18 has passed, 5/19 is halfway through Yes, let's get a shipment update asap please. shipping soon? I hope.. Hello is there estimated date when shipping will start? And can you please post a schedule of the shipping? Does the shipping email mean that you are able to ship this out before June? Thanks, I'm excited to get mine! Can someone help me change my phone number? Can we get a shipping update? Is it possible to change shipping address? Update today? Update? Update please? Hello, It's been a couple weeks and I haven't seen any updates. Can we get a status on where everything is? Would love to know! Congrats Brandon to you and all of the Collar Perfect crew! I wish you much success! Congratulations, I am sure you have a winner. I look forward to your future success. Congratulations! Very exciting! I disagree with the color comments below. I believe the color scheme is great with mostly B&W with a touch of blue markets to female and male customers of all ages. Also it works great with the logo. Don't rush it, take your time evaluating your prototypes. I just want your most satisfied final design. Congratulations! You made it! and We made it too ... AWESOME! congrats... Very close indeed! Getting close now :) Just curious if the reviews you link to, like the one in your most recent update, have actually had an opportunity to use the product or not. Thanks for the clarification Hi Brandon, Can you address the issue with the charging extra shipping fee which was stated as inclusive in the FAQ for KS backers. Prob KS green and white or black would be better This user's account has been deleted. I disagree with the below comments. I think the design and colors look very nice although I personally like green :) I honestly don't know what to do that would help boost the numbers. Maybe the last few days will be good I think @Grid Lau is right...many of my friends i've send the link won't pledge because it looks just one more cheap gadget and that's probably one of the reasons this campaign seems to be stucked...aesthetics is very important in this kind of portable stuff Hi. This product seems useful when I go travel. I back it immediately. To me, the colour of collar seems old fashion. I do not mean to offend you. But would you redesign it's colour into single tone colour like black or white? Product becomes more fancy encourage more supporter. Thx That's great!! Can I use an universal power plug to convert it to 3 pin plug to use in Asian countries ? Reference to @Leewelo reference. And what about removable cable from collar to store easier? 1 part collar 2 part cable. Reference to @Niels cuestion. It's possible to include in the Collar package a simple universal plug converter? will the cable be removable so that we can change the plug without cutting it? What will the plug look like? Will it be 220v with an American plug, or are you gonna adjust it for the international backers. I am sitting here folding laundry for my family and I'm really wanting this little iron for little kid clothes that I refuse to iron the traditional way. My fingers are crossed that this will be funded. All the 'perfect' stuff is getting a bit annoying. Hum ... on the video link today ... care to translate from German? @Ahmed, Creator and their Perfect Engineering team are busy to reviewing and testing the power standards and A/C plug for worldwide user (I guess) Please check below on Sept 17,22,25,29 <url>"unfortunately" patented, it would cause a tons of trouble and would even affect production. I've personally encountered a project due to patent issue with other companies was forced to abandon the project after funding. So copyright issue is no joke in kickstarter and most backers mind. Hope you could clear some doubts and I'll be more than willing to pledge more Collar Prefect for my family and friends. In case you missed it, here's Shabaz comment: @Howard, That is my question asked before. Creator said the prototypes were developed for 110V Line Input for USA markets, i think it will not including Universal plug for his planning. Their Perfect Engineering team need more time to reviewing the voltage and A/C plug for International backer. I have backed the project - for now, with the prospect that a UK adapter may be offered. I like the concept of this product. But I'll be honest - if a UK adapter option (with 220-240v) is not offered in the end, I will have to cancel my pledge. I hope more adapters will be offered to cater for the needs of international backers. This user's account has been deleted. @Creator, The device using US A/C power plug or Universal plug? Great product. Thanks for doing this. @Creator. It seems with 110V, Collar Perfect can be used in certain countries and can't be used in Asia. Any plan to support this countries. Also, what kind of fabric can be used with Collar Perfect? @Brandon (creator), you said you are the founder and inventor of this great innovation/product? Not sure but since I already saw an identical one before, and its hardly 14 USD on amazon.co.jp I thought to share this with fellow backers. Search for KOIZUMI T-iron on amazon.co.jp Quick image: <url>