Well, there is anger and disappointment here, and rightly so. I am very late in getting the bardic Cd recorded, but it is at the production house now. If you watched my video or read my album notes, then you know that the CD was dedicated to my Mother who died shortly before I started recording. What no one in my family knew at the time was how much energy, both physical and emotion, would be needed to take care of my Dad. I frankly felt overwhelmed most of the time. His living arrangements changed in February and I finally felt like I was able to come up for air. The Second CD, Tome of Mystery is now at he factory in production. I should have it in my hands in early June. I will start sending it out ASAP. I resent digital download codes to those folks due them. I have found a way to get Poetry of Wonder up on the web so that I can get codes for that as well , and I will be sending out codes for it, and Tome of Mystery when it comes to bare. For those of you have still not received a physical package and are due one. I have mailed and mailed and mailed. I even re-mailed to two folks for whom I had delivery confirmation. I think you will really enjoy the new CD. It has almost 75 minutes of song and story and I have really put myself into it for you. If you still that you need a better resolution, then email me and I will do what I can to set things right. If you still feel that you cannot find resolution here, then I will refund any unrewarded pledges via paypal. Thank you for your initial hope and support, and I hope that I can re-earn your trust. Walk in peace. I have just added a 35 dollar level for a digital download of all three CDS Woot Thanks! Thanks!!!! Ohhh, Arthur. I missed this news. We are so sorry for your loss. Thank you for the update though. I'm glad to know why we haven't received our copy of Dance in the Fire yet. We are very much looking forward to hearing it. Much love to you and yours. Spreading the word to fans of AH and Emerald Rose. At this point, I can only conclude this guy's a thief. This user's account has been deleted. I have left messages and sent email in various places with no response. I now want my money back ASAP. I no longer want to support you in any way due to your lack of follow through to your patrons. Thank you. I pledged at the $35 level for all the digital downloads, and haven't gotten anything yet. Time to try and locate him via means other than the comments here. $35 is a lot of money for nothing. This user's account has been deleted. I see that the digital copy and CD are available from CD Baby, and there's been no response at all from AH. I'm trying to think of a "respectful and considerate" way to announce that I think we've all been fleeced. Greeting Arthur. I know you have had aan hectic year, but I still have not recieved my CDs. Any word on when they might go out? This user's account has been deleted. Hi Arthur I have to agree with filkferengi - even a update comment would help. So? Hi, Arthur, It's past Solstice, and still no cds, no updates, no downloads, or replies to comments. What gives? Hi, Arthur, Is there any word on delivery dates for cds and other things? Thanks! Hey, Arthur -- when can I expect a download link? The CD is available on CD Baby and I, as a backer, haven't received anything! This is not what I expected when I backed the project! Hey Arthur! I was just wondering, when I can expect to receive my CD? The email I got when the project funded said expected delivery date was July, but I know how sometimes these things can be delayed. They didn't take enough money I'm sad I'll miss the other CDs where can I get them Great work Would you consider a digital only pledge level? I'd like all three CDs as a download, and I see that Poetry of Wonder is available as a digital download. I don't need more physical things in my life :-) BTW came here from our post on LJ's filk group. Holy crap! You made and PASSED your goal and I missed it! Congratulations Arthur! Hey Arthur, it's Aaron and Cindy from work! We love you!!! If it's not already part of the plan, I'd love to see lyrics in the liner(s)! So happy to be a part of this for you! Huzzah! I'm excited for you Arthur!