We are hoping to post a shipping timeline within the next few weeks. Hi Nick- Yes, CommBadge will support iOS 8. Please see our last update under the "Updates" tab above for more information. John- Please see our last update in the "Updates" tab. Thanks for your support! Paul- You would have to manually select on your Android phone which BT device to make primary if more than one is paired and connected at the same time. Hope that helps. The CommBadge team When we begin shipping we will give you the option to add the MagPack and other accessories. Thanks for your support! James- Yes, it will take over and become the primary communication interface for the internal microphone and speaker of your iPhone or Android device when paired. Hope this helps, thanks! Thanks Nick! Yes, everyone should continue to share CommBadge as much as possible. Keith - Thanks for being the "one" that carried us over our goal, and of course a BIG thank you to all of our backers! Regarding the personal bodyguard feature, the user will have the option to turn this on/off from within the iOS and Android apps. Great comment Nick! That is our internal goal as well, but by Sunday night though:) Without supporters and backers like you we wouldn't have made it this far, and for that we can't thank you enough! All the best, The CommBadge Team Paul- We totally agree with you. We believe CommBadge is a huge unrecognized opportunity, we just need more people to hear about it. The more our backers share, share, and share more, the better the chance we get the press we deserve. Thanks again for your continued support! Best regards, The CommBadge Team Frank- Thanks for the comment! We appreciate your support and sharing it on Facebook. We have contacted CNET, Mashable, etc. but that can take some time to go live, especially when it's been a busy news week for Microsoft, etc. Regards, The CommBadge Team Hi Paul, We are trying every PR angle we can. As you know the press can be finicky. Some of our efforts are just starting to pay off, see the blog logos just added. We will post links to these articles within the next day or so. Any help you could assist in sharing CommBadge Down Under would be much appreciated! Thanks for your continued support. Thanks Nick, $10k looks better:) Yes the most important thing is sharing! BTW, our PR campaign has just kicked into today. Hopefully we will see some articles published soon. Due to popular demand we added a new Early Bird reward. This reward combines the popular black CommBadge with a MagPack set of two extra strong rare-earth magnets. Creating a clean look (dare we say Starfleet-style uniform) that holds your CommBadge flush against your clothing, even on heavy-weight fabrics. This $100 reward has limited availability. Team CommBadge thanks everyone for their continued support! Hi Jeffrey, Thanks for your support! It seems that the limitation is on Kickstarter's end. The way around it is to change your pledge to $100 for the MagPack. We will note your account and ship both at the same time. Kickstarter is said to be working on a fix, but no timeframe has been announced. Regards, The CommBadge Team @roma, Shipments will begin in this order; Indiegogo funders, Kickstarter backers, public release. The July ship date for KS allows for this cushion. @roma, CommBadge revision 2.0 will still be produced. However, it will take longer to get into production than if we reach our funding goal on KS. We would have less resources, and not be able to use the best (and fastest) PCB fabricators in the business. Thanks for your support! Hi Paul, Thank you for your support. We are currently testing the iOS app with our internal partners. If we expand our testing beyond these partners we will let you know. We appreciate your offer. Best, The CommBadge Team Robert, Thank you for your support! As I've said before this is a complete revision of CommBadge inside and out, aka CommBadge 2.0. It's 50% thinner and will have completely new electronics. The original Indiegogo backers will most certainly get their CommBadge's first. That is why there is a cushion built-in to the Kickstarter timeline to allow for this. No Indiegogo funders will ever have to re-pledge on Kickstarter to get their CommBadge's, we're not sure where that came from. That is one of the reasons we had to be careful in how we updating them on the new campaign, and thus led to some of the negative comments early on. We didn't want to come across as begging for their monetarily support. Yes, if they want to shout-out on social media great! The reason we are here on Kickstarter is simple. We have many prototype CommBadge's in circulation with our launch partners. After getting feedback, we realized the concept is awesome and people love their CommBadge's, but there is one major problem. The antenna range is not adequate, all the other promised functionality works like magic. Hands and eyes-free Siri and Google Now access is a true breakthrough! Yes, we could have released the product a month ago as-is, but that is not us. We consider ourselves perfectionist and won't release a substandard product. We're sure many of you can relate to lousy Kickstarter and Indiegogo product releases. Some are great and meet their promise, but many do not. We are very close to full production since we spent the better part of a year refining and redesigning CommBadge. The last major hurdle is a brand new PCB layout. We have partnered with one of the best Bluetooth design houses in the world, Blue Creation in the UK. We are 100% confident that they will solve the RF range issue as the cause has already been identified. That is why we feel we can move quickly into full production. There are less expensive avenues to fix the PCB problem, but they take more time. We felt by moving to Kickstarter we could quickly earn the necessary funds to complete the new PCB rapidly and then move into production. We thought this would be a win-win for Kickstarter and Indiegogo backers. We are sorry if you don't feel the same, and of course know one is forcing you to back us. But please let's put this issue to rest. Many original Indiegogo backers have already supported this campaign and we truly appreciate that! I won't mention any names, but if they want to come forward so be it. Thanks again, The CommBadge Team Hi Boone, CommBadge incorporates dual-mode Bluetooth capability (BT 2.1 and up, and BTLE). The speakerphone functionality will work with iOS 4 and up and Android 2.2 and up. However, in order to use remote voice control of Siri you would need either an iPhone 4s and newer. Voice Command functions on Android phones are dependent upon your device. If your phone came with an integrated Voice Command app and it works with a Bluetooth headset, it will work with CommBadge. The Android app must be installed. We will clear up the FAQ, thanks for bringing it to our attention. Hope this helps! Best regards, The CommBadge Team Hi Bob, Please see our comment below from 2 days ago about our previous Indiegogo funders. This project is indeed a true revision from the ground-up, inside and out. Best regards, The CommBadge Team Hi Paul, Thanks for the comment! We are working on something just like that:) Best, The CommBadge Team Hi Boone Simpson, Thanks for your support! Please see our comment below regarding this campaign as being CommBadge version 2.0, and the fact that we expect it's success to insure expedited shipping for all. Great idea for the OD Green color, maybe a stretch goal is in order!? We explored the 3.5mm jack, but we would have had to make CommBadge significantly larger to accommodate it. Your other questions/concerns should be addressed in the FAQ Section hopefully going live in the next day or so. Thanks again! Best regards and cheers, The CommBadge Team Dear Kickstarters, Thank you! We appreciate all the pledges we've received in such a short period of time. We want to address some of the comments regarding our previous campaign. This new campaign should be considered CommBadge version 2.0, as the overall design has been completely revamped. It may look similar, but it's a totally new design that's 50% thinner. Also, the electronics have been 100% reworked, and that has brought us to Kickstarter. We have about a dozen fully working prototypes that we soft-launched to our internal partners. After many firmware revisions we have a product that is 90% complete. We had many PCB issues that we were able to fix through firmware updates (very time consuming). However, part of the problem is finding the right team members. We had a bad experience with an engineer that we had to let go. To be honest, after our first PCB production run we ended up with totally dead PCB’s. The good news is that we partnered with Blue Creation out of Cambridge, in the UK to fix these mistakes. They are undoubtably the best Bluetooth design house in the world. They were able to solve all of the issues with the PCB functionality except one, the Bluetooth range (it’s about 50% of what it should be). Since the last major issue is the Bluetooth range, which cannot be corrected through firmware, we are forced to revise the entire PCB (this was clearly mentioned at launch in our “Timeline”). As you probably know, prototype PCB’s are very expensive to produce. That brought us to Kickstarter. In order to fund the revision “B" PCB we need additional funding. We certainly are not starting from scratch as we have identified the problem to be improper layout (placement) of the RF antenna. We feel that we can get the new PCB’s completed quickly since all the other issues have been ironed out already. The reason we set the Kickstarter fulfillment timeline to July was to allow for adequate time to ship to our Indiegogo backers first. This is why we mentioned from the beginning in our "Risks and challenges" that we built some lag-time into the shipping timeline. Best regards, The CommBadge Team Hi Rob, Thanks for the comment! We will be posting a full FAQ summary later today. BTW, CommBadge does charge by micro-USB and has a Li-ion Polymer battery. Regards, The CommBadge Team To answer your question, we have about a dozen fully working prototypes that we soft-launched to our internal partners. After many firmware revisions we have a product that is 90% complete. We had many PCB issues that we were able to fix through firmware updates, but part if the problem is finding the right team members. We had a bad experience with an engineer that we had to let go. To be honest, after our first PCB production run we had totally dead boards. To fix his mistakes, the good news is that we partnered with Blue Creation out of Cambridge, in the UK. They are undoubtably the best Bluetooth design house in the world (but expensive). They were able to solve all of the issues with the PCB functionality except one, the Bluetooth range (it’s about 50% of what it should be). Since the last major issue is the Bluetooth range, which cannot be corrected through firmware, we are forced to revise the PCB. As you know, prototype PCB’s are very expensive to produce. That brings us to Kickstarter. In order to fund the revision “B" PCB we need additional funding. We certainly are not starting from scratch as we have identified the problem to be improper layout (placement) of the RF antenna. We feel that we can get the new PCB’s completed quickly, within about a month of the new campaign's completion. Please refund my pledge. I have not received my reward. Please refund my funds immediately!!! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use:<url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Where is the reward? If you cannot fulfilled and complete the product to 274 backers who pledged $28,451, kindly give everyone a refund. It had been SIX long years already. Honesty and Integrity??? Where is CommBadge Technologies, LLC? I feel that the best reward that any backer can get is delivery of the item they backed. But sometimes we wait patiently and still there is no delivery. In Hong Kong there is one large problem where Deliveries are not preceded by a phone call even if we provide a number. The second problem is deliveries are outsourced to freelancers, especially by the LOCAL company SF Express. I have lost several packages as they come to the door without warning, knock and get no answer and leave immediately. Please do not use them as they do not come again, and do not notify. the package goes to a dead letter store and three months later is disposed. USE THE LOCAL POST in HONG KONG. They are reliable. THX! I demand a refund under the kickstarter terms of agreement <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I am backer #38 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. If ound him. His full name is CHARLES KRIMSTOCK. email him for your reward! <url>#imgrc=KcdSUAxKY6kVdM%3A THIS GUY also did not produce the Rewards on indegogo.com! Check this out! <url>#/ ATTENTION...look of rthe guy in charge and let's email him directly... his name is CHARLES, and not CHRIS... Yes, I think I have been patient enough, like all the rest of us backers here who have not received any news , nor their rewards! I think it's about time each of us separately contacted them on this new site... NEW SITE? Did they abandon us after getting the money from us? Lets rain some email onto them and find out exactly who is in charge of this... negligence at best, ... Scam at worst! Click on this and look for CHRIS something... it looks like his name has come up on this page! <url>#####s and decide to do something to turn them in. Okay, I'm not done. Apparently he DID actually file for a US patent (METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR WEARABLE WIRELESS SPEAKERPHONE) but it wasn't granted. It's findable in the patent applications database (which is separate from the patents database) if you want to read it. So if THAT is for real, then I'm starting to wonder if, instead of this being a scam, did something happen to Krimstock or CommBadge in August 2014? Other than running out of backer money, that is? It sounds more and more like this is (or was?) going to be a real product, but something happened that shut down communication. Sure, communication was lousy before that, but did he really just bail on all of this? Or did something else happen? I can't find anything else... so NOW I'm done. Really. I guess this shouldn't come as a surprise, but I found Charles Krimstock's LinkedIn profile. He indeed lists himself as Founder and CEO of CommBadge... BUT the dates for his stint with CommBadge LLC only go from 2012 to August 2014. Which means he went in and specifically entered an "end date" for his involvement with CommBadge. And it was only one month later that we got our last update. His LinkedIn page also lists a patent for the CommBadge device, but I've had no luck in finding that patent in the USPTO database (the number isn't a valid patent number). Sigh. Okay, I'm done. Wow, that address listed on Scamadvisor for Charles Krimstock is only ~10 miles from where I live. That doesn't mean I'm going to go knocking on his door (Laguna Niguel is an affluent community, but I have no idea if this guy is armed and waiting for a mob to burst down his door). Scamadvisor even gives a phone number and an email address. So I suppose anyone so inclined could mail, call, or email him and ask what's up. As for getting the police involved, Laguna Niguel contracts with the Orange County Sheriff, so I guess you could call them if you are so inclined. I'm sorry but I've got too much going on in my own life right now to get involved in all that. I've pretty much written off this project (sadly). I will give you guys one more bit of info though you can play with. I just checked the California Secretary of State website... and big surprise, CommBadge Technologies LLC IS indeed registered to Charles Krimstock. You can go here (<url>#####s have actually found a back bone or a coincidence. No such thing, nothing is or will now happen. Although we have all lost our hard earned money ( something they have never had to do, earn it! ) we must remember not everyone in the world or on Kickstarter wants to fraud us, some people out there have some great life changing ideas. The only thing we must all do now is make as sure as we can what we are backing in the future will succeed. As for Kickstarter itself, it's time you stopped just taking the money without a thought about the outcome. Just remember WE are the people who pay your wages! As for the people responsible for this scam, you may ask yourselves how do they sleep at night? The answer . Very well !!!! This is a failed project. They have failed to fulfill their promise. How are you going to be respectful and considerate to such people. Anyway, let be more careful when backing such project in the future. Sorry but I no longer have time to pursue this. Cheaters & scammers For Skip, Certainly if you are in the area a conversation with the police, at least for guidance would not make the situation any worse. From what I can make out from the Commbadge web site, is it inactive from an owners perspective. So, yes they are logging in here, probably hoping that we will all go away, leaving them with our money. According to Scamadviser, the website is owned by a Charles Krimstock. It also lists an address, so at least the police will have some information to go on. Check out <url>– sales, support, and administration – is the key to our success and future growth. Underlying this mission is the recognition that our team members are vital in achieving the Company's goals and enhancing our reputation as innovative leaders in the mobile phone industry.To achieve and maintain our beliefs, we: *Conduct ourselves with the highest standards of professional ethics, honesty and integrity *Offer and deliver exceptional products and support at a fair price *Create and promote an environment of teamwork and mutual respect among our team members BTW, its the same one on these sites: <url>’m there to get some resolution to this, please let me know. I have today attempted to contact Orange County police to appraise them of this company and request assistance and advice. However, I am finding this difficult as I am a UK resident. Maybe a US based backer could take this up with the Orange County police? I am sure everyone would be grateful. I can't believe they were all just a bunch of crooks! Three successfully funded Projects & they just did a runner with the cash! Cheats! Let's start a KS project call KSJustice and go after fraudulent projects. Maybe have a website to allow people to check out the success rate, background of project principals. If not, let's get a Change.org petition and see if an investigation by 60 minutes or CNN doesn't get someone's attention. We could then have another KS project where we get money to chronicle the efforts of our first KS project! I hope it will be resolved and we all will receive our communicators. Hi fellow backers, or is that losers!. Well I've just gone through Kickstarter's small print again, and it's absolutely clear they forfeit any responsibility if any project goes wrong. Any legal action against these people must come from the backers themselves. So seeing that an average Kickstarter project probably has backers from all over the world involved , it's obvious these people can just get away with anything they want to, taking your money, knowing very little would happen to them. I for one will be thinking very carefully about backing anything else in the future on Kickstarter. Although nothing like this has ever happened to me, on any projects I've backed until now, this may have been a much larger amount that I could have pledged on a project, which could have crippled me financially. Kickstarter CHANGE YOUR RULES.! I can't believe I got scammed on all three of their crowd funding projects & a pre-order on their website! If you didn't know that before coming to KS they ran two successful campaigns on IndieGoGo then came to KS for another bite of the cherry from the top of their Piña Colada! It's almost like when they feel like another Around The World Cruise they just re-run a crowd funding project! It's like taking candy from a baby for them! They are nothing but crooks! When this Project was running to keep me 'sweet' they offered me a prototype when the campaign came to a close. However, when I enquires about they had none left due to a shortfall! I should of guessed! Nothing but scam artists! Buyers beware - oops sorry there is nothing to buy - that's just the trouble! Try the InCync does the same as this was supposed to do but is actually available to purchase! Oh and it works! I bet Kickstarter got their money out these guys, so why would they care about us I have been in contact with KickStarter via email, however it does not appear that they will take action. I just had to complete a feedback form. They also have a bunch of disclaimers, so I think, although they should have a responsibility, they don't appear to. Just going through undelivered KS projects and seen that there was a login on Feb 2nd, which is the first time time they have been on here since Oct. Now they only need to respond... Ok well just decided to check in on this as I've got a few kickstarters on the go, and realised from all the comments that it looks like a fraudulent situation has occurred here. Kickstarter if your listening, the ball is in your court. Fail safes should have been put into place by yourselves in the way of insurance and guarantees to your backers when you started this online company. Most other company's like eBay have ways of prosecuting wrong doers, whilst giving you the money back from themselves and claiming it back from them. To the com link team if you are reading this ( and I'm sure you are!) either post a new note saying what's going on, or give us our money back. Do the honest thing. I'm willing to sign on any action taken... it's one thing if they'd just failed and been upfront about it, and made an effort to do SOMETHING... but they just took the money and ran. There should be away to keep Charles Krimstock from ever participating in a kickstarter again. Can anybody advise if any proceedings have been undertaken. Certainly I would support anybody who has. It would be all to easy to just walk away from this, but these people are crooks who should be brought to justice. Has anyone raised a case directly with KickStarter at all? The web site has not been updated and nothing on Facebook, so it can surely only mean that these guys have run of. A complete sham. I'm in also. I was caught on both IGG Campaign, this Kickstarter Project & a Pre-Order. I was in good terms with them but I've not heard anything in months either. The last I heard was they had spent the money the raised on KS, which was for production, on R&D to make the CommBadge completely waterproof. Which seems pointless as the market they were aiming at was Office Workers who wore ID Badges. This move made no sense?! Now another KS has completed their manufacturing - the 'InSync' - fits into your lapel or Cap brim & you can activate Siri etc. it's very good for the price. Anyone looking to purchase an item that has completed its promises & does what the CommBadge promised I'd highly recommend you look them up. *I have no affiliation with CommBadge or InSync - merely a frustrated Backer! Im in for filing a charge against these yahoos . We should file fraud on these guys and get our money back . This user's account has been deleted. I am trying to be respectful and considerate but there are no news from CommBadge at all. I assume that after not hearing from these folks in more than 90 days -we can safely assume our money is gone. I will gladly cooperate with any investigation , I lost $ in this and the IGG project. Perhaps it is time to contact the consumer affairs division of the attorney general's office for the state of California and put forth a fraud complaint. Enough complaints with get an investigator's attention. Perhaps this crowd funding method needs accountability. Release money based on milestone achievement as opposed to giving them all the money and they don't perform. If they weren't getting 35% without deliveries happening, I suspect it would motivate. Interestingly enough, the Commbadge is listed for only $89 for pre-order on their website. So backers actually paid more for the product. Perhaps this product was less insured by Star Trek and more inspired by Lost in Space. Perhaps this product was less insured by Star Trek and more inspired by Lost in Space. So are we to assume that this is another dead in the water project? Very surprised as it was assumed that this product was coming to the market but since that time others have beat them to the punch. This user's account has been deleted. Guys? Just sticking your heads in the sand & going AWOL isn't going to make the problem of reaching out to us, your Backers, go away! Where's the transparency, the honesty & the bloody CommBadge!? Please Update us. So I'm guessing we won't get these before Christmas '14? With the factories being busy before the Holiday period with big orders & then the Chinese New Year we're now looking for a Spring '15 release date? Please prove me wrong? We deserve to be treated better than this. I've backed every Project you've launched - the two on IndieGoGo, the website pre-order & here on Kickstarter. I must have the word 'MUG' tattooed on my forehead. I've been well & truly stuffed, haven't i? I have started writing to Blue Creations in the UK who is partnering with the "gentlemen" to let them know that theyy are a part of this fraud. <email> Beat to the punch... <url>"See full bio" it tells when they last visited What a load of rubbish. This user's account has been deleted. And they do keep checking into KS once or twice a week. it's funny, I keep checking to see if there has been any update. We all know they have taken the money and walked away. They are now concentrating on getting people's money via website sales that will never be delivered. I'm sure we'll be contacted when these guys do another round of fundraising on a different site for a product that will never exist. You know, thinking about it, it is really not funny. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. So happy you guys made your goal!!! Hopefully we can achieve such success with "The SoGo Mini": <url>"contact us" on their website doesn't work. I've had other kickstarter companies just disappear without ever communicating or delivering. But these guys started out strong and then just walked away with our money. And this is not the first time they've done this. I really wanted this project to prove me wrong. Using it in the shower may be silly, but having my home charge point for it be in the bathroom is not. And then, being able to grab it and accept a call that comes in while I'm in the shower could be really cool. So waterproofing is not a bad thing. But it's not progress toward shipping. I was hoping they'd really ship in September, and I could order one at retail (I'm just a $1 backer here) but at this rate someone else may get a smaller, superior one out first. WE HAVE BEEN HAD This 'Radio Silence' is just the same as they went on the IGG Project- They promise you the moon on a stick but in all honesty all you get is an empty lie - C'mon Guys I know that you're better than that. Please give us a little more transparency & quicker Updates. In the original IGG Project when you came to a grinding halt, as you'd run out of money, you promised us if you raised the necessary funds from KS you would be able to start shipping in weeks but here we are months & months later and we're no better off in all honesty - well that's what it looks like- please prove me wrong! You lied to us IGG Backers for its ETA & now you've done the same to the KS Backers - JULY DELIVERY- What a joke! The ball is firmly in your court...... This user's account has been deleted. What Chris said... it's been nearly 2 months since the last update, which was just an empty promise of "posting a shipping schedule in the next few weeks" What's the deal with this project? September 15th guys ..update us please . his is communication !! if you're tooling level, it will say that the production is not started? 6 weeks for manufacturing hopefully!. afraid it would be better to say that you think an expedition in early November. - It is better to give a deadline even if it is very long, that say nothing! a better communication would have been nice! I think I will not have an answer, hoping that the communicator will have met our espérences, also regret not having any information about capabilities. best regard. Please give us an update. Let us know how your doing. Disappointed by the lack of follow up Like Sebastian says "its nearly September " ..a few weeks means three ..how about an update before Labour Day ? Nearly September. Please let us know about the current status. Can we get weekly updates, even if its bad news? Thank you... And now it's a week even later. it's next week This user's account has been deleted. Two days left in July , sounds like a delay in delivery .. whats up ? is it going to be iOS 8 compatible Hi, i'm very exited about this project and hope to get my hands on one soon. Any news about the progress of the parts and the assembly? It has been a while since an update... we are all excited for one :) thanks Hello, a little update on the progress? Team, Is it possible to use commbadge, to answer android phone when wearing wired ear piece or wireless ear piece as I'm a Quadriplegic and I can't do either at the moment without mouth stick Hi, Is it too late to add the mag pack to my badge? Cheri <email> Coming into the final hours now! Can we hit $30k in 42 Hours?! Only by spreading the word! Let's give it one final push! Get those friends who have been sat on the fence to make the jump! Let's hit that final goal post! Go Team CommBadge! Thanks- I have just contacted Eric @ Epson who came back with this 'we weren't able to get access to the google suite of apps, including google now. If u can port this app on it may work' Can you confirm that this is possible? Hi, Am interested about whether this can be used for voice control on AR/VR headsets like the Epson BT 200 or vrAse? If so, will definitely up my pledge. Best wishes, James It's current total is $22,222 with 212 Backers! Is two your lucky number! - it is at the moment! So Folks, We've got seven days to make one final push! So maybe share just once more & let's try to hit $30k!? Congratulations on hitting your goal! That's great news! I knew we'd do it! Now let's see how far we can go over the target! Thanks. :) I know it's just a choice that people can use or not. I just mention it as I know it's the sort of thing that *will* get positive response in parts of the US but as a major push will be *potentially* off-putting to many outside of there. No biggie once you factor it into your marketing plans. Well Done you have made it...we have made it Fantastic Set up a Facebook page and connect it here! It all helps you – and all us contributors – spread the word. Love this product idea. However, personally, I think the personal bodyguard feature is a bit odd. I know it may well fit in with the zeitgeist in the US today, but it's really not something I'd use as a flagship feature in marketing to the rest of the world. For many of us 'rest of the world' folks it's actually a tiny bit distracting and potentially offputting. However, I DO think it's a *great* idea and I'm really excited to be contributing to the project and getting one. :) There's a special feeling being the one who takes a project over the threshold. It's no different from everyone else who's contributed, it just feels extra cool. :) C'mon people! Almost there! The Creator was hoping for funding by tonight but I said we'd do it by Monday morning! - Please prove me wrong!! - Share, Tweet or Tell your friends about the Project once more so we can get this funded & get to out Stretch Goal Reward! You want you're own personal bodyguard 24/7? - You've got it! Yes, that's the stretch goal reward, a built in panic button! Keep your family safe! We're so close! Let's share once more! C'mon fellow Backers - We can do this! We're getting close now! People have started to avoid me at work because they are so fearful of me telling them about the Project again! Haha! It's just that we're so close - Let's all give that one big push across the weekend so we hit the goal by Monday! Then its stretch goal time! And what an awesome stretch goal it is. Like having your Personal Bodyguard 24/7! Let's keep this going people - Share it just once more - or become a bore like me!! These people are awesome. I changed my pledge because I was worried about phone compatibility and they sent me a message to see why! They are serious about customer support and satisfaction. Commbadge guys, you need to give a national news host your badge, you could smash your pledge goal, 147 backers come on, turn it into 147000 backers, what's it going to cost you, a plane ticket and a handful of commbadges Paul just backed your project. Like the design. I was one of many people who did not like the use of bluetooth headphones. I will share this project on Facebook with my Friends. I do not know if you contacted C/NET and asked them to review it . @Robert - No Problem. - Hey, I think you did the right thing with the MagPack - it's gonna look so cool when its fitted flush with your clothing. Don't get me wrong the Badge & Lanyard are really cool if your job requires you to wear one but for everyday use I think the MagPack is a must! It's gonna be so cool! @Nick Thank you for your update. I'm glad the backers of the Indieggoo project will get their stuff too. As a new Kickstarter backer of this project I'm still a bit worried. I didn't see this mentioned when I first read the project information here. BTW: I upgraded my pledge right away when I learned of the MagPack ... I haven't seen any CommBadges on Good Morning America yet guys, it would be flying someone up their with a bag fill, so you can pair them to the hosts phones it called ambush marketing and it's the best chance of becoming KickStarters highest over pledged offer by percentage and it's publicity you could never afford. In Australia we call it being ass-y you have to have a go. I had to add that missing Dollar!! Whoooo! We've hit $10k! Half way there! Get the stretch goals ready! Cheers Guys! 99 Backers & $9,999! Who's gonna make it roll over to $10,000!? Not bad - half way through funding with 32 days left to go too! Let's keep sharing! Happy to say I backed both versions of this campaign. Now I'll have one unit for someone else. Hope to see this funded. Despite all that's gone on, I'm still excited to see this come to market. How do I add the magnet back reward? It seems my only option is either my original pledge to get a badge OR changing my pledge to the 15.00 mark for the two agent backs. I wanted to pledge for both. Any suggestions? @Nick, good answer. Makes sense. Thanks @Roma - You will get your CommBadge quicker by backing this Project as the public release date will be last, as the Creator points out. Also you get to be part of the team & see the Product come to fruition via informative Updates & exclusive Backer Only Updates - It looks like its going to be an awesome product. I can't wait to receive mine. @Creator, thanks. So why would we not wait and buy them from you in the normal course of business? @Creator, you already received $17,000 from your Indiegogo backers. What will you do if you don't get the other $20,000 from Kickstarter? As an indiegogo backer I await anxiously for word of completion. Also as an ios developer I volunteer to beta test the ios app @Robert Khoe - Hey Robert, I see you've read through the comments thoroughly & you have seen my original comments. At first I was surprised to see the Project on Kickstarter after it's previous incarnation, however, now my opinion has changed, here's why: CommBadge have released a full & very transparent Update to us original IndieGoGo Backers, something that I really appreciate. They have also explained fully to both Backers EXACTLY their reasonings behind the launch here on Kickstarter & also they have unveiled a product that is far superior to the product that we were going to get as original Backers. So all is good by me now, I have decided myself to back this Project & get another CommBadge for my partner. I also see it that by getting this Project funded it guarantees that ALL Backers will receive the new CommBadge 2.0 quicker than if they hadn't decided to run this Project. One thing that you have got confused about is that they haven't told us original Backers that we must back this Project to be able to receive our rewards - that was never the case - the original Backers can help spread the word of the new Project or contribute if they so wish but it does not affect the fact that we will still receive our reward we pledged for originally, except it will be a much better end product that the first iteration we saw a year ago. Also by getting this Project funded everybody gets a Newer, More Dynamic & Slicker Looking CommBadge quicker than anybody had hoped. And with today's announcement of them starting their production when they hit 75% of their funding goal, you as a new Backer are also benefiting from all the previous R&D that has been done this past year. I genuinely believe that CommBadge have done the right thing by being 100% honest & truthful to its existing Backers & now to its new Backers - in my eyes I am in a win win situation by seeing this Project get funded, as should any new Backers because it guarantees a Product for its initial Backers & an exciting & new product for future Backers. I don't think you need to worry about being misinformed or a need to withdraw your pledge now. From the very first time I saw CommBadge I realised it's potential and backed it! It's features are endless & will really help allot of people in their everyday lives achieve the full potential of their Smart Phones capabilities, put it this way, if Apple released this as an add-on to its iPhones access to Siri people would be queueing around the block to get one on launch day! It truly is a high end, futuristic piece of kit with a sprinkling of 'Star Trek' make believe! - What other product can you say that about?! "Beam me up Scotty........!" - oh I SO need to hear Siri's response to that!! Hmmm. I'm getting nervous about the history of this project on indieggoo. What's worse: the reacton to previous backers on Indieggoo who never got the product and apperantly will have to repledge to get it. I'm mainly on Kickstarter because if the financial goal isn't achieved, no money is claimed, but it happenned before to me that the creator couldn't deliver anyway. @Nick and Bob. Thank you for your information. It's good the system works when the creator isn't transparant. As for the advice the creator had for Nick: I added an event to my calendar to retract my pledge all together if I still have a bad feeling about this project in 40 days. And I'm contacting my family, friends and collegues who I told about this project so they can decide for themselves what to do. I don't want to lose their trust in me ... You're just dismissing the history, not acknowledging it. You want to "sweep it under the rug." My $1 says you don't get to do that. I have a questions, the FAQ's have me a bit confused, on one entry it says android greater than 2.2, but then later it says it needs BTLE (which is only active on android devices with 4.3 or later, regardless of if the hardware supports it.) Which is it? Is it both? (2.0 BT mode switchable to 4.0 BTLE mode?) Why have you not directly informed KS viewers of the IGG projects? Transparency means potential KS backers should have easy access to all the history, since it is very clearly still the same project. Links should have been supplied in the initial posting, but at the very least now that you have a FAQ list, it's actively disingenuous to pretend questions about the history of unfulfilled promises have not occurred. <url>"version 2.0" I feel that other potential backers should be given that opportunity, in a much more "up front" manner, than anything I've seen so far. New investors deserve to be fully informed about existing liabilities and debts. Guys you need to ship a few of the commbadge's out the news anchors on National syndicated shows, then you'll make $200000 @Boone - I see where you're coming from & I was of the same feeling but you have to give them credibility for their transparency & honesty in running this Project. I am a Backer of both IndiGoGo Campaign & have a Pre-Order - I have also decided to support them on this Project - they have issued a statement to their IGG Backers explaining their reasonings & the position their in. I now can do nothing but to praise them for bouncing back with a Product that is ten times better than its original incarnation & at a reasonable price. It will help so many people as the applications are endless & I for one can't wait to get my hands on a CommBadge. However, in order for them to be able to produce this they need to reach their goal. So the more places you can share it the better. C'mon, if everyone gives this Project the start it deserves it can fund quicker & they can start production sooner. Go CommBadge! I've been keeping an eye on the Commbadge for some time, since I first saw if the first crowdfund on IndieGOGO which had an april 2013 delivery date. PLEASE @Creator, give it to us straight. You raised 2 previous crowd funds (as well as grand st pre-orders), and due to technological issues, needed to reinvest in the product. It happens, don't hide it. I am going to assume that by reaching the kickstarter goal, it will allow you to fulfill ALL backers quickly, whereas if you fail funding here, you will still fulfill your previous commitments, but at an additional delay. Now, on to the device. First off, very cool and a wearable that doesn't scream techie. A few Suggestions: 1. Can we get OD Green color? Could be a selling point to gamers and hunters. 2. Any chance of a 3.5mm TRRS jack (probably in a later version)? I could see that being beneficial for a2dp audio playback for music, as well as mic input for more private conversations. Heck I have seen other bt stereo headsets where the earphones double as the lanyard. 3. Allow for the short tap / long tap actions to be swappable / customizable. I don't need redial as much as Google now, and would prefer a quick tap to launch Google now and find another use for long tap. While on the subject, double tap, triple tap bound to custom functions like skip media, or chirp the phone for finding would be useful. Look forward to the future. Hi guys Must say great product, can I make a few suggestions to help, send a dozen copies to TV morning show hosts with the simple request to try them out and show their audience to support American manufacturing and inventors,just this if everyone on Good Morning America used your device on air. You could break KickStarters record, As a Quadriplegic could you tout its benefits to the national disability organisations as they'll promote it on their websites it's what we have been waiting for can you also design a add--on in the magnet recess to add a watch band. A 3.5mm remote switch port would allow different switches such as sip and puff or small wired switches to suit other disabilities. I don't expect you to add these features to your first batch but it would be a big public relations kick. I am in Sydney Australia a Quadriplegic and budding Entrepreneur myself so i understand the difficulties in obtaining funding it's a shame you could showcase it at CES2014 . I will pledge today and spread the word DownUnder Paul Baker Hi, reading these comments I sure would prefer some honesty as well, I also back lots of projects on KS and want to know what I am or am not backing Many thanks @Glenn - Strange hoe you know so much about the Project, especially as you've only just joined Kickstarter & Backed this one Project!? The word 'Shill' springs to mind! @Creator - Why do you decide to decline answering any of my questions instead of choosing to PM me saying "If you don't like a project, don't back it. No need to be a jerk." That's most considerate of you. I'd have hoped that after Backing you & waiting for fulfillment for over a year from your previous two Projects for the same product you'd show a little more respect, especially from someone that has Angel Invested & Backed over 300 Projects across various platforms. You've got me all wrong - I've not backed this Project at a dollar just to be a disgruntled Backer or in your words a "Jerk" - I'm happy to Back you for another $100 to hope that you raise the funds you obviously need. What I don't appreciate is the backhanded way you have gone about the launch of this THIRD Project without informing your previous Backers when you have actually just Updated them telling that you will hit mass production in 30 days! I also don't appreciate being told by PM that the 'fact I have more chance of getting my original CommBadge is if this Project funds' - so are you admitting that without this $20,000 you won't be able to complete your commitment to your original Backer? What was that word again? Oh yes, 'Transparency!' - in fact that I think you've been lying for so long you've actual forgotten the facts & are living in a fictitious word where you believe in your own BS! Answer some of the questions or will you let Glenn do that for you?! (Joke!) I understand that these endeavors are both difficult and expensive. I fully support the creators of CommBadge. This Star Trek-like communicator is a reality in the making! I would rather wait for quality than settle for a product that’s substandard I understand that this campaign is a true re-thinking of the original concept and thereby consider this Kickstarter campaign as a rebirth of CommBadge. CommBadge is an awesome project! Keep up the GREAT work! Sorry, who's question were you answering, as you certainly avoided most of my comments. Were you answering Rob's question? Your Projects on IGG have lacked Transparency & Proper Updates. Period. Yet now you're coming to Kickstarter without even mentioning the $47,000 you've previously raised or the previous projects or even informed your IGG Backers of this Project - that is not being very 'transparent' - is it? You won't survive the Kickstarter Community, here we are far more vocal & we base Projects on their previous merits & all you have done is tried to hide two failed Projects, misguide the truth & evade direct questioning. I'm sorry but that sort of behaviour doesn't wash around here. Why lie in your Project Video? Why try to sweep your past 'under the mat?' Your dishonesty is astounding & your Customer relations stink! Step forward & answer the questions that are asked & give yourself some credibility as I'm afraid I'm all out of trying to ascertain any from you Guys. Don't you think you should let people know that you have already raised $47,000 on TWO Campaigns on IndieGoGo? We've been patiently waiting over a year for fulfilment. You've also neglected to tell any of your IGG Backers of this Campaign. In fact in your last Update you weren't talking about a July Delivery? This is what your last Update said: Thank you for your continued patience. Here’s an update; ASSEMBLY We’ve improved the yield rate to about 80%. We are working with our partners to further improve this before full production. We are confident this will not affect the shipping timeline. PCB We have solved most of the issues through firmware. However, we will need a “Revision B” before we can begin production. We are not happy with the antenna range. This will require a new PCB component layout. The new layout process will begin in the next week or so. PRODUCTION We hope to begin the soft-launch to our partners by the middle of March. Full production should commence within 30 days after the soft-launch is complete. We appreciate your continued patience. Best regards, The CommBadge Team So which story do we believe? This bright new Project offering the revised version of CommBadge that you promise delivery of in 30 days or have you been pulling a fast one & trying to forget your previous Backers and indeed have run out of money & now are looking for a further $20k on Kickstarter? I have no problems with a Project trying to raise further funds due to incompetence with their bookkeeping but I take umbrage when a Project Creator tries to pull the wool over my eyes & tries to mislead new Backers of their previous failures? Perhaps you'd be kind enough to clarify EXACTLY where both IndieGoGo Backers & Kickstarter Backers stand? Are you delivering to one set in 30 Days & the other in four months time?! I look forward to your comments. Great concept but I would like to encourage you to try to increase the standby time and use LiPo battery and recharge CommBadge via USB as a possible future stretch goal..