Hey Gerald, As the last update mentions I do not check Kickstarter much since all the rewards went out back in July. In looking up your order, I can see that it was sent July 31st. Shoot me an email at <email> and we can figure it out. Looks like it was returned to the fulfillment center buddy, shoot me an email and we'll sort it out Jon- Tracking # LN310088495US via USPS was shipped July 31st Hey Josh, just pm'd you- I'll look into it for ya! Kev- sent you an email with your tracking number, shipped July 30th. Fendy- please read the updates. I do not check this page frequently anymore, so email me directly with any questions. Shipment to Singapore via First Class USPS takes 2-3 weeks, you should receive it soon. OhioHead- The leather stamp does not work on the back side of leather, this is the reasoning for that. nope, got the last one Cool, thanks! Hey Edward, From that description, the hook would have to have enough force to flip completely verticle twice- we couldn't make that happen in a month of testing. Did you have keys on it? Kevin, shoot me an email at corterleather at gmail Hey Edward, very sorry you lost your hook- I've had one person loose theirs while riding a roller coaster, but never heard of it falling off while walking. I don't really understand your explanation- if you can maybe describe it a bit more clearly I'll look into it. Hey John, as I mentioned in the last update, I'm not checking this page often, so please email me.The others have emailed me, and their hooks are on the way to them. Glad you all like them! Edward- the number is just a SKU for the fulfillment center. The cordovan is green, just very dark. Should lighten up with time a bit and the green should come through Joshua- shoot me an email with details, I'll take care of it. Kevin- all orders have tracking, but we wont be sending everyone their numbers individually. If it doesn't show up in a week or so do email me for your number I'll post a proper update when they're all out- we're about half shipped, the rest should go out by mid week next week. We're still in July, still on track to make it! They're on the way to the fulfillment center, and half have shipped to their new owners! I"ll have a big final update when they're totally shipped out. Hey Jessy, having this many orders to fill at once I want to make sure I keep organized, that's all. It's only a difference of a week, and on my end it's worlds easier to be able to do final counts of everything and have everything go out at once rather than pull specific orders and ship separately to the fulfillment center. The last thing I want is to short anyone an order! Hey Wes, only the Early Adopter rewards have gone out- the rest will go out as scheduled in July by USPS first class mail Hey Norris, there's really not much to update right now- working on producing the full batch, the early adopters have all been sent except the red...just working! I'll post it up in the updates! No, hooks won't go out in order of surveys received- the fulfillment center will be sending all of them out in over 2-3 days once they're ready to ship. Hey guys, let's keep things positive here! Surveys are ready and will go out tonight and tomorrow- there's no rush, we're right on schedule. Hey Josh, I'm sure everyone runs their campaigns differently-I just want to make sure the correct questions go out. Thanks! Hey Josh! Not sure what those projects sent you, but we're not allowed to send surveys until the project ends. They'll go out next week for the rest of the reward levels- I'm working with my fulfillment center to make sure I make the survey so that we get all the info we need! I don't think so mate, late June/early July is when they're scheduled to ship out. Next week! Veronica- Survey's will go out this week! Chris- I could do pewter, yes, but I do copper on all hooks. It's very easy to switch if you'd like to, just takes a set of pliers! Kev- it'll chip a bit over time. The paint is meant to chip and ding and get a nice old used look. Tom- right now I'm not offering just the tab, but may sell them on my website later on for a couple dollars! Yep- Need Supply is the first stockist of the bottle hook. They and Blue Owl in Washington each got very small first orders from the first small batch in order for me to fund the leather stamp being made (had to Kickstart the Kickstarter!) The silver one is shown on it's back side- each hook says "designed in New England" and "made in CA" on the back. Nope, you'll get a survey at the end! All the info's at the top of the project description! Will you be doing it on the natural leather or cordovan? With the natural leather, I'd just use a pen- that way it'll be nice and dark. Wood burner would be best for the cordovan, just use it as you would on wood (or practice on wood) It'll get dinged up a little over time, but it'll pretty much stay as you see it- the copper will absolutely age more! Yes, they will be available for all reward levels. Greg- Cordovan shines up with age, it'll look really nice! The goal is to ship before July, but just to be safe, I'm going to estimate that they'll ship throughout July. I'm not going to offer a monogramming service with the tabs, this would drastically increase the price. thanks guys! Matt- thanks! As the project page mentions, you'll get a questionnaire once this is over so I can get your choices and shipping address. thanks! Meiyen- Ande Whall does what I do, but with denim instead of leather. One man show out of New Zealand. Amazing product <url>"help" section to find out exactly how, I"m sorry I can't be of more help to you! Patrick- gonna just do red for now, maybe white some day! Phoom- I believe you can go into your account and adjust your pledge to add the $10! Hey! You'll get a questionnaire thought Kickstarter to get your choice and shipping address once the project ends, thanks! Hey Daniel, the copper is plated onto the steel, the Aged Pewter is the raw steel with the aged finish and a clear coat over it. Hope this helps your decision! Hey Justin, You should be able to adjust your pledge to the Limited Edition level. I need to keep stock of how many are still available, so this would be the way to get the cordovan. Hey, thanks Adam! Excited to send some of these back to CT! I'm not sure Justin- that's very nice of you though! If you want 2 or 3, the $68 and $99 will be a better deal than one of the early adopters and two of the regulars! Thanks Michael! The keys don't release because it's a key ring, you just slide the hook off your belt loop to use your keys. It comes off easily once you get the hang of it, just a simple wrist movement you get used to in a day or two (couldn't make it too easy, don't want it falling off). I've never lost this or any other similar style key hook! Hey, thanks! It's hard to say for sure, the Early Adopter will probably go out as early in June as possible. Another update! They have a great warrantee and sent me a new one free of charge! Wonderful service :) Oh no! The steel was bested by a bottle last night. 5+ years of dutiful service. I've been using this since the day it arrived over 5 years ago. Still in great condition, with a nice patina on the metals and character on the leather. Hey Eric, I know you don't check Kickstarter very often, but I've sent you several emails and still haven't heard back from you about my missing hooks. I've sent you a PM with my email address, could you please email me so we can resolve this. Thanks Hi Eric, I still have not received the aged pewter bottle hook I backed. I have pledged $55, $10 of which is for international shipping. I have sent you a private message through kickstarter about a month ago. You must have been very busy and missed the message, but a response would be appreciated. Email sent, Thank you for the quick response Hi Eric, I still have not received either of the two bottlehooks I ordered. I emailed you nearly a month ago and have sent you a private message through kickstarter since then. You have probably been very busy and it's likely that my email just slipped through the cracks, but a response would be very much appreciated @ Eric: It's been nearly a month since I informed you that I only received one of my two ordered hooks. I have sent you several emails, as well as a message through kickstarter. I understand you are probably busy, however I would really appreciate a response with tracking number. My missing hook, which you said shipped 14 days ago, has yet to arrive. Please check the status of this package, as it was to be a gift for someone at the beginning of August. Your lack of communication in this matter is becoming rather frustrating. @eric I sent you a email to <email> Please take a look and reply ASAP. URGENT matter regrading the address. @eric Still looking forward to the email response. The hooks haven't arrive yet. @annabelle received it! Should I be receiving it ? I'm in Singapore too Netherlands here, got mine shipped too. Looks great! Thanks! Nice job Eric! I received my red and bronze a week + ago and already getting compliments. Just wondering "why" the "if found please contact" was stamped on the dark part of the leather vs. the backside which was lighter (you can't hardly see my name, etc) this way. Already got mine! Singapore too (: Reposthing this in hope of a reply: Still waiting on my bottle hook, shipment to Singapore usually take 7 days. It's been almost 2 weeks if the item was shipped on Wednesday the 25th. Anyone else in Asia still waiting for their hooks? Eric, Just wanted to say thanks for delivering a great product! I bought 2 bronze , and gave one to my son (25 and in Boston) who couldn't wait to use it. I use mine everyday, and show it off to friends when I get the chance. Continued success! Barry Just got my hook! Super stoked and it looks awesome! My box had 000001 stamped on it, does that mean this is the first or did the entire first batch have that? oh, and I didn't mean that the hook swung completely around twice, it rather swung back and forth. Yeah, I had about 6 keys on it. @eric Alright! Hope to hear from you soon @eric You need me to shoot anther one? @eric I shot one. "Hey there, I'm out of the workshop this week on vacation so I'll have to wait to get back to look it up. Thanks" Eric, I'll try. Let's say you're jogging slowly or walking fast, and you make a sudden stop. The hook, who was moving with your body as you jogged/walked, keeps its forwards momentum even when you stopped, and moves forward along your belt loop. It either: 1. Swings forward, then swings back and is pushed out of the belt loop by your keys' weight as it is swinging back. 2. Swings forward, and while it is falling diagonally in the swing, the hook entrance finds the belt loop and the weight of the keys help pus the hook through. I didn't directly observe exactly how my hook fell, but this is the only was I could imagine how. I'm going to be returning to the place where I lost my hook, soon, and I'll see if I could retrieve it because I want to give it a second chance, figure out how it fell, and find a way to fix the problem. @eric i think i need the tracking number for my hook, it has been a week or so , can you private msg me ? The hook tends to slide off your belt loop when you're moving fast and then you stop. Does anyone else have this problem? I'm guessing the forwards momentum throws the hook up and forwards after stopping, and guided by the hook's curvature, the belt loop and the hook "tip" find each other. I lost mine by walking fast and stopping. All I know is that It's not on my belt loop, and between the last time I was aware of it and the time I noted its absence, all I was doing was walking and occasionally bending over. I really wanted to like this product. But I think I'm going back to my old carabiner. @Eric - I emailed you several days ago with no response, thus the post here. I'll try again. Thanks for the response. @Eric - Mind posting or replying to messages to let us know what is up with those of us that ordered two hooks and only got one? I see Constance, Joshua, and I at least have this issue. I'm sure you're going to take care of us, but a note telling us what is up would be much appreciated. My second one is intended as a gift and I'm concerned I might not be able to deliver it in time. Thanks! About a week more till my bottlehook's arrival since I'm in Singapore? ): My copper with cordovan just arrived - I love it! Thanks alot Eric. Today, my aged pewter bootle hooks were delivered. I love them, even more, since their color's more like light lead! Thx for them! Eric, I, too, received only the limited edition, but not the regular bottle hook I ordered. Sent you a message through Kickstarter - did you get it? Thanks! Got mine yesterday, the aged pewter hook was a bit less 'blue-looking' than I expected and the shell cordovan is black instead of dark green - but its still an aesthetically pleasing, durable, and well functioning product that will undoubtedly survive the coming decades with ease. Also... the box the hook was contained in was stamped with the number "000002". Are all the boxes stamped with this or did is it a serial no.? Received mine the other day- and they are fantastic! They showed up in my mailbox and I couldn't wait to get rid of my old key chain and put this one to use. Gave one to my son (25) up in Boston, and I know it will be put to use!!! Congrats Eric and continued Success!! @Eric - Just FYI that I had the same issue as Joshua and just sent you a message through Kickstarter. I received my limited edition pewter, but not my standard edition copper. No worries - I'm confident that Eric will make it right. @Kev - no shipping notification, it was simply in my mailbox today. These are shipping from NJ, USA according to the packing slip. @eric International orders is ship by USPS envelop ? I mean will we receive a notification of the product left facilities? (regardless with or without tracking) Eric- I sent you a message. @To those who receive the hooks @ eric Did you receive any shipping notification ? Or any regarding the item is coming to you? Thanks for the info, Phillip. Eric, please have the distribution center send me a copper hook with standard tag, per my pledge survey details. Just out of curiosity who received one with the horween letters visible? Joshua, I ordered two separate hooks, and they both arrived in the same package. If we ordered two different style hooks, do they ship separately? As per your instructions, I pledged $76 for both a limited edition red as well as a standard copper hook. Today I received my red hook in the mail, but not the copper hook. Please let me know if it is shipping separately, or if this was an error. Thank you! Just got mine and I couldn't be happier. Thanks for creating a great product! Is there tracking on the shipments? Any update on the update? This is really taking a long time..... now im really jealous....want hooks noooooow! What's the best way to write on the hook's leather "contact info" tag? Mine is great by the way! Thanks, Received mine yesterday I CAN'T WAIT to get these in my possession! Does that mean they shipped? I've not heard anything, and he said he'd put out a last update when they shipped. I just saw ac post on facebook. A Red hook. When will they start shipping? Can't wait for my three. Got mine today! I've almost forgotten I ordered one of these. While I hope all is well, could you at least provide a projected ship date for us? Why can't you just ship out what to have done already instead of waiting to assemble the red hooks. Why can't you just ship out what to have done already instead of waiting to assemble the red hooks. From the break down it looks like just short of 1600 were ordered. I'm sure that many split rings takes a good while to twist on. thanks eric, just spoiled by amazon prime, and looking forward to enjoying a great product. Eric, I'm sure this has been answered several times elsewhere, but what service were the hooks shipped by? USPS, UPS, or FedEx? Thanks and can't wait to receive mine! Update would be nice. Listening to these people who have theirs brag is making me jealous been using mine all weekend. works wonderfully my first reward out of 3 backed kickstarter projects and its amazing Got my aged pewter bottle hook today and I must say I LOVE IT! Thanks for the great, solid product dude... best of luck in the future. will we be able to track our order? Do you think the single hook orders will be shipped before July 28? Im hoping to have mine as a birthday gift. will we be notified when the early adopter hooks ship out? Congratulations on such a huge response! I'll be looking forward to putting it to good use for a long time to come. Will the hooks go out in order of surveys recieved or in batches??? I just received my survey. I'm looking forward to the finished product, and perhaps I'll stop blowing holes in the pockets of my pants. Just got my survey! Can't wait to see the hook in person! Really looking forward to receiving the survey and then getting the hook! Eric just wanted to say thanks for keeping us in the loop with the updates and you presence here on the comments thread. You've designed a kick ass product and we're all very excited to get our hands on it. Thanks again and I look forward to supporting more of your projects in the future. He's just making a statement that most surveys have already been sent out, Barry. I wouldn't necessarily call it being impatient just yet.. And rightfully so, 5 days ago it was mentioned that the rest of the reward levels would obtain their surveys. Respectfully, it's almost weeks end now. The transaction has been deducted from my account, and I've yet to see a survey as well. Am I complaining? Nope. Am I permitted to express this statement more-so as a friendly inquiry? Yes. Don't try to decipher the tone of text. Baloney that surveys go out that quickly Josh. I've backed around 20 Kickstarter projects starting back with the Luna Tik , and not one sent a survey within 24 hours let alone a week . Most sent many weeks later. Take it easy and chill out. Wow are you impatient. Even the most simple Kickstarter projects have it's special backers. Eric, I should have said have those projects had ended later. I commented here after the project ended. With your project, there are really only color options. Am I missing something which makes the survey especially difficult? Surveys usually go out within 24 hours, on most projects. It's been 10 days. tis going to make a great summer accessory. car key, house key, bottle hook, hang on shorts. When will we see surveys? Most of my other projects backed (which are ending later) have already sent them out... Hey Eric, any chance the second round of hooks (not early adopter) will make it to our doors by June 16? Thats my brothers bachelor party weekend and I had hoped to give it to him then. when will the early backer hooks be shipped out? Hi, May I know when will we receive the survey to indicate our choices? congrats on the bottle hooks!!! random question/ idea... instead of putting copper hardware on the pewter hooks, do you think you could put pewter on pewter? just an idea. let me know! CONGRATS MAN! CONGRATULATIONS !!! Cannot wait to receive my hook. Great job. Happy Friday- Graham Ok thanks! If you decide on a price point for just the tab, I can adjust my pledge upwards by the required amount to get both. Otherwise I'll just wait to see if you add it to the website later on. Hi Eric! If we pay extra to get the green tag, any chance of getting a natural one also? I love the look of the green shell cordovan, but would also like to see how the natural one ages. Er one question about the red coated! Will it chip if use too much ? ( as in using for opening bottles ) Happy to be a backer! Icic. It is better to know about it. Anyway I going to stay with the green Leather! <url>