Hi guys. Basically I'm just repeating what I get told and the frustration on this end is just as high as we would really like to not have to deal with this awkward situation and focus on the actual fabrication. Needless to say, @Chris, I can only be but optimistic. Mid next week is the most accurate time quote I currently have and I'll (keep) asking and calling and mailing till its complete. This may not be the answer you'd like or the answer I'd prefer giving, but this is what we have and I'm again, optimistic about this concluding to the satisfaction of everyone involved. Appreciate your patience. @Sam sure hope so, I think any date would be a great date but H.B in advance :) Hey guys, Really sorry about not answering comments a little more quickly I was a little under the weather. I've had a confirmation that everything should be processed by mid next week and that the holdup was due to the sudden transfer of almost all funds. I'll try to get with all emails sent yesterday and today as quickly as possible. Appreciate your patience everyone while things run their course and I hope everyone has a wonderful week. Thanks Chris, thanks Jeff. Means a lot to me. I'll continue to do my very best to keep you guys up to date and remain steadfast with respect to getting everyone situated. As soon as the refunding process is over, I greatly look forward to working with everyone on the product as I still believe very strongly in the product and am willing to put as much effort into as possible. You guys all came together under this project to support the product and I feel I owe it to each and every backer to make sure it sees completion. Thanks again, made my day! :) Hi Chris, We made our transfers first of this month based on the numbers of backers that have responded through Sept. With respect to the remainder, I try to keep everything non confrontational but do note that it would have been really simple for me to just say I'm going to continue with manufacturing and we'll update you as things evolve. This project was started at a time when the Kickstarter TOS was a little less clear and timelines were loose guides and not stipulated upon. So with respect to litigation, thats not really an issue. A lot of backers actually were refunded, I think at one time you guys could simply have logged into Amazon and requested funds back and a lot did actually. As for stringing you guys along, to be honest theres no need and it's not my intention. Things were messy, I took over and thankfully made some key decisions to clear this project up and move things along. It's frustrating for you and even more for myself but when I said everything looks great I really meant it. What backers that haven't been refunded will be, I have an older model, a newer model, and an entirely new model in the works, and I still get weekly emails from interested parties looking to purchase units when they are available. From what I gather, the older team didn't bother responding to anyone, not on comments, not messages and certainly not emails. Thats a night and day difference right there. I've also publicly taken ownership of the company which I didn't have to whatsoever. I could simply have sued for breach of contract on work rendered and went on my way. I'm sorry you guys have to wait and it's a disheartening but on the bright side, I actually do look forward to having non refunded backers taken care of and I'm expecting this to be soon. We did our part, you guys did your part, and it should be a smooth transition. You or any backer wishing detailed info not publicly provided are more than welcome to reach out to by email and we can definitely work something out to everyones satisfaction. Till that time, I'm going to wait along with you guys and make sure everything is taken care of as you deserve nothing less. I really hope that helps Chris. Theres only a few backers really that are vocal on here and though I appreciate your concerns, the best I can do right now is continue updating, follow through with requests, and make sure what refunds haven't been issued are issued so we can all move along to hopefully better and brighter things. I took over a messy company, it was disorganized and chaotic and not equipped to handle the project. This project stagnated for almost an entire year however, again, everything looks great (now) and I look forward to beginning the next phase of this project as soon as funds are posted individually to everyone. Sorry, wanted to clarify. Wire transfers from BofA domestically are processed usually in 1-2 business days unless pending to be cleared. The reasons are multiple and many. PayPal sites 1-21 business days while Amazon sites 2-14. I'll check on this daily and make sure everyone is kept up to date on anything that develops in the meantime. As of right now, everything looks great and I expect this to complete itself relatively soon. Hope that helps! Hey guys, I've been off and on with the BofA and the only thing I get is that we are still within acceptable timeframes with respect to wire transfers. I don't pretend to know why but I was told 2-14 business days would be within the realms of normal and we're on the latter end of that spectrum. To answer Moritz, I'm not really sure which part of the world you are from memory but here in Michigan company ownerships are public information. The only investor really is myself and I took over the company and this project thinking it's still a cool idea, people still want it, and it can be done feasibly. Since the boards are already available, the basic model can be produced by CNC milling parts. I don't think I need to release a lot at a time but they can be done in batches of 50-100 and made available . Regardless of a product delay or not, the product itself is tangible, has obvious support from a lot of people and would be successful in specific quantities. It's unfortunate there were delays but it happens more frequently than not. @everyone else that commented below (sorry, they seem to mirror the same subject), refunds were/are/will be processed and the information we requested was sufficient to make sure it gets to the right place. I'm going to go ahead and let this ride out as our sole intention is to move forward from this phase and then work on the unit. If it takes a few extra days than anticipated I apologize however, it's something that needs to be done regardless. I hope you guys can understand I'd love nothing more than for this to be over and I will follow through with it until everyone is situated and taken care of. Project comment emails are still a bit iffy, I get them in batches and usually a few hours after they were sent so if anyone needs to contact us and get an immediate response email is still the fastest route though we will continue checking on this section as frequently as possible. Thanks for posting guys! I know its frustrating given how long this project has been going on but I'm doing everything I can to move it along as quickly as possible. Have a great day/night. @Chris B. np. @Chris Thomas, understandable however nothing we do or say now is going to expedite anything and we look forward to all requests being handled respectively. @Merlin, appreciate your patience and understandably your pledge was rather significant. WU transfers (and we basically only have 8 requests) were handled the same way as other methods. We use BofA and all money transfers are done via wires. We don't handle cash nor are we equipped to do so. It's unfortunately everyone had to wait literally almost 3 years for funds to be returned and we really do appreciate everyones patience on the last stretch. I'll go ahead and send you an email as well. Thanks all for posting. @Chris Bearcroft, @Nathan, sent emails few minutes ago. @Sam, WB. Lots of new info on the update section. @Chris Thomas, @Moritz, guys seriously you need to ride this out with the rest of us. I've checked with BofA, Amazon and PayPal and we're still within the suggested wait times. New accounts, amounts well over 10k. Hopefully this will only be a matter of literally a few days. @Backers, We're not getting email notifications for comments, if you need something brought to our attention quickly, email <email>. Thanks! Have a great Weekend all! You are very much welcome Jeremy. Really appreciate your patience guys while everything is being handled - very excited for everything to go through and get started on the fun stuff! Anytime Zach, would have responded earlier but we didn't get a typical email notification, I was randomly on Kickstarter and noticed it! Small note: For some reason we're getting Kickstarter notifications when backers comment a little later than usual (used to be almost instant). If we we don't get back to a message or comment immediately, pardon in advance! Hey guys, Just got off with both Amazon and PayPal and we've been informed that we should get individually posted refunds in the next couple days. As soon as we start getting individual invoices (emails?) will go ahead and mass mail everyone. @Zach, Jeremy, will go ahead and drop you guys emails in a few minutes. Thanks! Hi William, we sent an update explaining the situation. Your refund along with any refund requested during Sept has been processed. We expect that once payments are cleared and posted to individual accounts you guys should be all set. Will keep everyone posted with any developments. Thanks! Hi guys, emailed you both. @Mike, I think i'm going to throw a really large party when this is all finished :) @Kunaal, sent you an email if you'd like more info Hi Kunaal. That request has been processed and you should look forward to it relatively soon. Thanks for checking in. Hi Preston. Usually speaking (and this is from normal experience), you'd make purchases on Amazon or PayPal by adding credit to your account or linking your account to a credit card. There are limits on how that works as well as limits to how many people you can send funds to and how much. For this, we just simply contacted them and let them know what was going on. We just simply supply them with a list and do a wire transfer. It works for us and we don't run into any unforeseen issues. It shouldn't take that long really and we expect this is the best situation possible. Will keep you and everyone posted. You'll be taken care of with everyone else Moritz, you should get an email in good time. Always a pleasure to hear from you ;) Not a problem. We should have had a system in place for notifying everyone. We will however, notify everyone individually when we get a confirmation that funds were deposited. Let me know if I can help with anything else in the meantime. Hi Joonathan, we haven't mass mailed anyone but I did respond back to your email on Sept 25th, you might want to check your email junk settings and allow our email address. In any case, your mail was received on the 3rd and processed along with the emails received during Sept. Hope that helps! Hi Andy. I was referring to individual receipts for individual transactions. We as well as backers will get email confirmations when a payment is posted and should be a relatively pain-free way to track. Will keep you guys updated as things develop. Haven't gotten any receipts on this end Chris... @Peter, representatives = we called Amazon, PayPal. We literally have till now less than a handful of requests for WU or check. Pardon, didn't mean to sound mysterious. Quotations for standard time-frames can be found on their websites though we expect that it won't take much time at all (very thankfully) @Chris, not mentioning refunds at all would be counter-intuitive to our goals at this point :) We're happy to offer the refunds as a way to bring closure to the project on Kickstarter so that we may continue at our own pace and bring those backers interested in the product some meaningful progress. Thankfully, hope in us will not be required when you're finally able to withdraw your funds though we'll do our best to restore your confidence by offering a well-made product at an excellent price. Hope that helps! Hey guys. Sorry I can't get to comments as quickly as I'd like. @Derik, It's unfortunate yes I am very glad to have come this far to be quite honest. I look forward to my own refund as silly as that might sound. No one currently affiliated with this project has slept a restful wink in quite some time and this project lays heavily on the conscious. With that said, (and kindly pardon the brevity as you your comments are typically more prolific), I really can't wait for everyone to be taken care of and look forward to it above all. This has been a very humbling experience to say the very least. I'll always do my best to get back with anyone that reaches out, this of course is my pleasure and responsibility. @Preston, we did not dare tackle the refunding by ourselves and are in contact with appropriate representatives. We were asked to provide a list of names/emails and the amounts to be refunded. This we have collected and passed along. We will do the same thing at the end of every month till the New Year. At this time, we consider a refund request processed as it is out of our hands. We are requested to to wire funds to cover the current list whereby the account managers will handle the account postings en gross. (This is a good thing). lol. We will followup with this on a daily basis. We will also answer messages, comments, and emails as quickly as possible. Additional reminders will be sent with frequency. Backers that have questions are more than welcome to post them however they deem appropriate and we'll do our best to give honest, direct answers. I hope that was helpful! Sorry Preston. We did what we intended and there are no excuses required. We collected what info we needed, figured out what funds to send and where, and went ahead with the whole thing. If it takes a little time to post a payment to individual accounts we have no control over it and have done our part and will continue to do the same part till every refund has been processed. It's getting a little frustrating to say the least and I'm glad to be done with it. We have issued some refunds already but the bulk list was sent a little earlier. I think it would be best for everyone to go ahead with the process, collect their refunds, and walk away good intentions and a lot of experience. I appreciate your concerns but for the time being I'll just wait for the process to ride its course. Ah that explains it! :) Do let us know when everything is set or if we can help you with anything in the meantime. BR Hi Travis, That would most likely be impossible as we posted payments a short while ago. As for the supposedly, it was sent via Kickstarter not by us :) You might want to double check your email allow list settings and make an exception for @kickstarter.com. We don't expect any backers to see a posted payment for a few days. Hope that helps. Hello again. Just sent out an update for anyone that has previously sent in their details (sept 2 till today). I'm afraid we won't be able to add anyone to this list as it has already gone out for the previous month. For anyone who is just joining us welcome! Kindly check out the updates section for Update 41 for details. Thanks all! Hey guys. We are indeed going to be taking care of this issue today and will send an update as promised yesterday. Hold on and stay tuned! Thanks again Peter. Everything is set in place to ensure that everyone is going to be taken care of. Payments will be issued to Amazon, Paypal etc. and hopefully things will be handled appropriately. This next upcoming week should be a fruitful one and perhaps after this transition we can go ahead with the actual project. Will keep everyone updated with developments. Have a great one :) Hi Peter. Thanks for writing in. I'm going to go ahead and summarize based on what I understand the series of questions to be: will a refund be processed within 21 days of receipt. The short answer: yes. The remainder of the logic is sound however, some backers might see a processed refund time shorter than others. We planned to take refund requests till the end of September and then process it Oct. 1st. That was the logic behind it. This would give us an understanding of where funds needed to be sent. That's what we plan on doing at least. We have a few more days and then we will go ahead and process the refunds we currently have. (Sorry if I'm not understanding the question?). @Chris, Peter, I've checked and the project page will not be altered and backers should still be able to comment unless removed from Amazon in specific situations. I will be keeping this page active for the purposes of interacting with former backers and will not request it be closed down after the refund process. With respect to the 21 day timeframe, to give you guys some perspective, I have less than 30 requests for Feb 2 - 12th. Ill be sending out another update Monday. A few corporate level sponsors have been refunded as well as some larger orders however individual level backers here have yet to be issued any refunds however will be processed accordingly. Hope that helps. Thank you as always Moritz. To clarify, we have your full name, your contact details and even then it's more than I'm personally interested in to be frank. I'v taken over the responsibilities of this project to refund the backers (by the way, I backed this project myself) and make the product I was promised would be made. There have been a lot of failed companies or ideas over the Kickstarter years. I wouldn't be so quick to judge it's not as easy as it looks really. I'm very glad that I'll be able to offer you a refund and appreciate your patience and the patience of everyone else involved while this is wrapped up. Hello backers, Just wanted to inform everyone that I will be out of town tomorrow and may not get back to emails or messages until Weds. Pardon in advance. @Steve, any backer could have done the same with any major CC. Going through the records, apparently you guys were even recommended to do that by former management. @Peter, been back and forth and we will not be seeing any diminishing backer numbers. When everyone is refunded we may have the ability to request the page in its entirety be removed however, we feel no need at this time. There have been refunds in specific tiers and obviously the rest will follow accordingly. Hope that helps. Hi Peter. I'm going to go ahead and comment on that in a few hours after I gather a little info. Sorry I missed the comment earlier. @WEEKA, thanks for posting. All refunds are (respectfully) on the way. We have received your email and it will be processed in the allotted timeframe. More information is available on the initial update. Hope that helps! @Tatsu, some backers that respond later than others will experience requests processed much sooner (with respect to the number of days) than others. This is unfortunately just due to the logistics of the whole thing. We're going to go ahead and keep the phrase as it is as it reflects a more accurate expectation. Thanks for sharing though :) @Karl, Tatsu, as stated in the previous update, emails have been received (yours as well). As for the 21 business days, again, kindly allow up to 21 business days for your refund to be processed from when your request is sent. We're writing a small script to send email confirmations to everyone that sent one. We will also be sending out another reminder tomorrow evening. Hi Seth, thanks for your question. We have allotted 21 business days for a refund to be processed and this was stated in the refund update. Simply the reason being is due to the various ways in which backers can received a refund. We have given ample time to figure out how funds need to be allocated to a service in question (like Amazon or Paypal). By giving backers choices we also needed to include a scheduled deposit timeframe so that we don't accidentally over-deposit into say Amazon when for example we needed to allocate funds to Paypal. It's inconvenient unfortunately to everyone to have to wait however, we're trying to make sure everyone is taken care of in a reasonable timeframe and not run into any issues that could potentially lead to delays. Hope that answers your question! Hey guys, Just so everyone is a little more comfortable, we will be sending out another update tomorrow as we're getting really low turnout so far. We'll keep doing this for as long as we can. Additionally, we will be setting up some sort of system so that we can send a confirmation to every single backer that has mailed us thus far as this is obviously an issue we should have addressed from the beginning. Thanks for bearing with us guys, really appreciate it especially given this final phase with respect to getting everyone situated. @Tan Thanks for the suggestion however as stated in the update emails sent are always received unless for whatever reason it wasn't and in those cases your mail delivery system will let you know. As we are running from a Microsoft account, the only auto-reply we can give is global and won't work in this case. We do however respond to each email that specifically requests a confirmation receipt. Hope that helps. Thanks Feras, yes your email was received. @Angustimus, message received via Kickstarter messaging :) @mghobrial, confirmed thank you! @Derik, @Kicjobjob, our Facebook page is still available, we might just go ahead and start using that as a way to update everyone in the future. I haven't actually opened it since purchasing the entity but I'll go ahead and see how we can update it. Google+ sounds like a nice idea especially with the Hangouts option. I'll def check it out! Thanks for the indirect suggestion :) @Derick, let me look into that today and I'll have a more solid answer for you. @Andy, email in general either goes through or doesn't. Assuming you don't get a postmaster failure error (which from my experience, Microsoft is pretty good about their mail), we have received your email. @Sonia, thanks for that! Good to know. Hi Kevin, Missing how you'd like it processed - email replied to. Thanks for writing. Yep, confirmed. (No need for confirmations really, emails either go through or they don't!) :) HI Michael, Confirmed (though when sending you an email, we get a server error!) Guillaume** (sorry!) Hi Merlin, Confirmed :) Hey guys, There will be another update mirroring the previous update later tomorrow. No need to send in info if you already have. Will try to update the FAQ with some basic answers to the most asked questions. Have a great one! It's possible Chris since a lot of backers were refunded in an unorthodox manner. CC refunds, PayPal, etc. We sent an email checking up on how all that works. Will revert back when we have a better understanding. @Derik I'll have to check up on that as I'm not too sure of the details on how that works. We do have emails now though so I guess we could always set up a mailing list of some sort. On that note, with times being what they are and so much going on online, a healthy dose of cynicism and transparency is always a good thing :) Hi Ross. A confirmation was actually sent to you on the 2nd (might want to check your junk mail). In general though, we're not actually responding to every email though we try to when there were comments besides the provided information (yours happened to have some particularly nice words!) - Hope that helps. The refunding of a project is a collaborative effort especially when dealing with some of the earlier projects as the terms of agreement were not yet changed. It's in the best interests of everyone involved that these things are handled effectively. Technically, we are paying the commission differences from our own pockets both to KS and Amazon. When we purchased the company we had several talks with various parties on how we could gain access to various lists and how we might go about giving a refund if we decided not to continue with the project as it stands. I guess it makes sense that after refunds are issued former backers will no longer be able to comment as commenting is backer-only. Hope that helps. lol Chris. I think the only incentive we need is not having to wake up in the morning and have some unsatisfied customers :) Not sure backers that have been refunded will be allowed to comment any-longer though. Just FYI. @Derik, Makes sense and we appreciate you looking out for your fellow backers' interests. 21 business days from when a backer sends us an email is the allotted timeframe. We have in several cases responded to some backers for additional information; these are few and involved cases where the backer did not specify what type of refund they wanted. We will in fact honor refund requests if for whatever reason a backer was unable to reply now (vacation, didn't see the update, etc.) till the end of this year. Hope that answers your question! @Derik, with all of the delays in the past on this and many other projects due to careless date estimations, it's imperative we give ample time for this phase to play itself out. We'll honor the schedule given and make several good-faith attempts to give backers due notice in the meantime as (quite frankly) many backers may have mentally turned off Kickstarter updates over the course of two and a half years. We're anxious to get this sorted out so that we can focus on the next few stages with respect to the actual unit. @Peter, thank you sir, confirmed. @Andy, to play this as safe as possible, we have given 21 business days for everything to be processed as stated in the update. This should be ample time for everyone that has yet to receive a pledge refund to receive one. We will be sending out the update several times in the next week to give everyone a chance to view it and have the opportunity to claim their pledges. Hope that helps! Hey Guys, Just to address a few of the most common questions: 1) To find your Amazon Transaction ID, log into your Amazon Payments account, and do a quick search for nov-dec 2011. It should pop right up. 2) When issued a refund, you guys are still our original backers and this will not effect your first-serve priority on future products as well as your lifetime discount with Cryptrade. More details on how to redeem discounts and identify yourselves during a potential purchase will be detailed in future updates. 3) We will not be doing another Kickstarter project for the CRXi or the CRXii. We will be selling this directly on Amazon using Amazon fulfillment as this will ensure timely deliveries. (And everyone knows how important that should be!) 4) I don't know who you guys have been talking to :P but yes, a CRXi will be available in burl walnut :P Tricky tricky backers! Let me know if you guys have any issues that need sorting out via email, I'll do my best to get back to you asap. Just in case it's not clear in the email, Our email is <email> Hello Backers, Refund Request email update has been sent a few minutes ago. Look forward to getting everyone situated and taken care of. If you guys have any questions try to drop me an email as it's much more efficient to address individual issues using threads. Have a great one! @Chris, LOL @Moritz, refund update will go out as planned on Tuesday at 10AM detailing how you and any other backer that has yet to be refunded can receive their refund in the quickest time possible. Trying to keep this efficient and as productive as possible so as not to have to repeat previous delays. I'll be able to take your questions throughout the weekend if I can assist with anything in the meantime. Have a great holiday. @Derik, sorry to hear that. Unfortunately the effect would have been the same with respect to the release today or on Tuesday as following the instructions would result in a refund in the same timeframe. We're giving everyone four different options to collect funds as we have informed that international backers (majority of our backers) won't be able to make use of Amazon transfers. More on that Tues. Hey guys, A mass email update will be going out on Sept 2nd, 10:00 AM EST due to Labor Day weekend. Apologies in advance for not being able to send this a few hours ago. The scheduled email will detail how to receive your refund for local as well as international backers. We'll be around all week to assist with any issues during that phase. Have a great holiday folks! Hello backers! Just a quick followup. A mass email update will be going out within 24 hours with details on the refunding rollout. Thanks for bearing with us as we get everything organized for everyone. Looking perfect Derik. Preparing a few things before we give everyone an update on next steps and instructions. Should have an email out by Thursday. @Leroy, thanks for checking in. Kindly refer to the previous two posts. Thanks. @Derik, Thanks for writing in and voicing your concerns. With respect to the transaction ID's, that would not have told us much on our end other than that a payment was posted. Refunds were given on various platforms and accounts in the past and we did not have access to all of this info until very recently. This is all insignificant at this point as we now know whom to issue refunds to and we're hoping to have this done this upcoming week give or take a few days. Hopefully after this phase we can start taking some engineering comments as we look forward to a fresh launch :) Thanks again. Hello Backers! Great news. We're done going through everything and very glad we did. We're hoping to begin the rollout of refunds to backers that have yet to receive one this upcoming week. We may have a few days expected delays while we take care of everyone so we do appreciate your patience at this time as we get everyone situated. Some backers might get direct emails during this time for certain clarifications however, these are very few and have no bearing on the rollout planned. We'll try to answer emails and messages as quickly as possible if anyone has any questions in the meantime and we look forward to your correspondence. Thanks again everyone, have a great one. @Dave, Thanks for your inquiry. We will be issuing refunds pronto to backers that have yet to receive one. Unfortunately theres no way to know this from our end other than going through any transactions we can get ahold of as Kickstarter itself does not have such information. The CRXi will be made available to Kickstarter backers still interested in receiving one will be notified prior to release when they are ready for direct sale. We still don't actually know what platform will be used exactly at this point however, Amazon e-stores do seem to have the necessary faculties to facilitate this. We're hoping we'll have more information for you and everyone else by tomorrow. Thanks again. @Chris, always good to hear from our backers. We're very aware of the stress everyone has had to endure throughout this project and we look forward to taking care of everyone as quickly as possible and highly appreciative of your patience. Feel free to drop us a line anytime and we'll do our very best to assist. Have a great evening. Hello Backers, Just wanted to let everyone know that we will not be releasing an update today as we have yet to compile our lists. We will however, be finished by tomorrow and will release an update then. Thanks for your patience while we get everything wrapped up. Have a great one. @Chris, no sir. We will be working on the CRXii after the Kickstarter models roll out and offering them directly when available via retail. @Derik, not quite sure if we have enough time before tomorrow to merit a mass email update. We're going through the numbers right now to make sense of everything and come back with the solution everyone has been waiting for. With respect to the CRXi - we hope to offer the original units to Kickstarter backers only for a duration. Extra units that are no longer wanted by their backers will go on sale on Amazon and through a new website we are working on. We will also be offering discounts to all original backers on future hardware moving forward. The CRXi is a pretty neat unit but the CRXii is (IMHO) much more practical to market and will feature wireless technologies and a new locking mechanism based on my combination lock mechanism - hopefully as soon as this mess is taken care of we can focus working with our backers the way a Kickstarter project was intended. We really like this new injectable amorphous metal alloy tech and think the CRXi will greatly benefit from the tight tolerances that can be provided using it. Will let you know asap! Thanks for stopping by. @Alexandr, Thanks for your question. The CRXi model will ship with original specs to utilize the boards previously procured. We will however, be offering various new capacities in conjunction with the originals. We hope to be able to branch out with the line offering to bring down costs by offering boards featuring software encryption and speedier protocols. We are also working on a secondary model that will be dubbed the CRXii that features another very different locking mechanism I worked on a few years ago that was unfortunately shelved when this project was delayed. Fun stuff! Hope that answers your question. @Michael, @Feng, Thanks for writing in. We're going to get you taken care of in short order. I'll have an update out by Tue latest with respect to refunds. Hopefully after this phase we can all put this behind us and focus on the unit and the changes planned. Appreciate your patience while everything is sorted out. able to* - V.S and were not to claim* (pardon, no editing on the comments section) Hello Backers, We have just received a list from Amazon (rather, we have received access) with respect to backers that have already been refunded. We're going to go over this over the weekend and cross reference it with with our backer info provided by Kickstarter. Other than the refunds issued due to backers canceling credit card payments, Paypal, and a few direct wires, we believe this represents the bulk of all backers that have yet to be refunded. For those backers that have emailed us not wishing a refund, we will be responding to those emails Monday. For those backers that have received refunds are were not able to claim the refunds due to being in a location Amazon does not allow transfers, we know who you are and will be contacting you. We may be able to arrange for the funds to be issued in a different way as Amazon will not be able to do anything. We will contact you directly come Mon. Kindly note however, that in the event that the funds were used on Amazon to make purchases, we will most likely not be able to assist unfortunately, further. Thanks again guys for your patience while we sort this mess out. Thankfully we're on the right track and will be getting back to everyone in the next few days (Mon, Tue). Have a wonderful weekend. @Jon, thanks for writing in. We'll have an update tomorrow by the latest as previously mentioned to a few backers earlier today and yesterday, we have been made aware of a lot of refunds we were not initially aware of. The numbers didn't add up and we have to make sure that refunds are only going out to backers that have yet to receive one. We understand that there has been miscommunication and the primary reason why we didn't quote you a specific date when asked. We should however, have one by the end of the day Sat. Thanks again for posting. @crypteks.com** Sorry about that. @Kicjobjob, that's what we thought. We were under the impression that payments were posted in December 11 and refunds happened a few months after. This was not the case. Refunds happened much later and from different accounts apparently. Our first list came from <email> however, we became aware of a secondary account <email>. Had no clue. We should have a new list later today and will definitely let you guys know as to the progress. Thanks again for checking in. @Tom, with all due respect Tom, how the heck else are we supposed to do it? Just purchase a company and then start randomly wiring people money? We need to know who pledged funds. We need to know who received refunds in the past. We need to know what was paid and what wasn't. We (I) appreciate the patience of everyone involved and look forward (you have no idea) to making sure everyone not refunded gets a refund so that we can finally move forward with the actual project. @Chris, no worries. Thanks again for taking from your time to write in. Much appreciated. @Chris, np. To clarify. We ourselves did not issue refunds. This was the previous team. Apparently through various updates some refunds were processed through direct refunds, others via the suggestion they cancel orders via credit card purchases made to Amazon. I understand your frustration and doing my best to make sure everything is very clear and fair. I should have a proper list before saturday. The only complication was the previous Amazon account which was tied to a now defunct email/URL as well as a company name change. Thankfully, Amazon is being really awesome. Will keep you posted. Thanks for writing in. @Chris. Thanks for bringing that up. Previous attempts at refunding backers (we count three) actually resulted in about 40,000USD in refunds. We have a list of backers, yes that is very correct. We are now sorting through which backers received refunds so that we can go ahead and roll out refunds to backers that were not. Some were refunded via ebay, Amazon, and some were refunded via actually canceling their payments (apparently this was suggested as well). Some accounts were set up via "Crypteks", others by the current "Cryptrade". Just sorting through everything and making sure everyone that needs taking care of is. A few backers in the upper tiers have suggested that they do not want refunds as funds were written off via companies. Pardon the lag but lots to do. Thanks again. @Preston. Thanks for checking in. Going to have to release the update in a bit. Spent most of the day yesterday with Amazon trying to get a specific list issued to the older company. Will be updating in a bit as we are updated ourselves. (Think that last comment was written in the AM :) @Tom, We're thinking carrier pigeon would have probably been a bit faster :) Most business checking accounts make less than 0.02% on these types of amounts. More info can be found at <url>"us", us is currently myself and the minority shareholders of S&B assets a subdivision of Safford & Baker PLLC in Michigan. This is common knowledge and readily available by the state. Please pardon in advance the use of "we" or "I" as they are interchangeable in this context with respect to Cryptrade. Force of habit :) Hey Derik. Just sent a lengthy reply to Heiko regarding a few issues. Unfortunately, aside from giving everyone our login credentials not really sure what to do here. When I first took over this project from the previous owners, we basically had no idea some things hadn't been done for close to three years. That's a long time for a "company" to not do basic things like accounting/tax filings etc. Plus the Amazon account itself was basically a mess because some backers were apparently told to ask Amazon to cancel their CC payments to facilitate a refund. This created a negative balance on Amazon obviously as all funds collected from Amazon go straight to a designated account. Furthermore, we didn't have direct access to the accounts. We still don't have access to the old email system or the website. This created a LOT of issues with resetting passwords, changing passwords, claiming accounts, etc. You guys have no idea. Even more worrisome, was that funds in overseas accounts were set up in ways we were not familiar with. We had to jump through quite a few hoops to prove we were indeed the new owners, and that the old owners no longer had any bearing on the company. Those are a few things we weren't aware of. What does this have anything to do with where we are now? Well, we basically had to restructure everything and yes, consolidate. What we initially thought would take a few weeks ended up taking an additional month and a half almost. Add to that the previous lengthy delays and miscommunication and obviously we're going to have problems with our backers. Had I known these issues at first I would not have issued a specific timeframe for refunding. As of today, we are going to stick to "relatively soon". I would love nothing more than to surprise everyone with a mass email tomorrow and say the time has come however, I will refrain until absolutely certain we are ready to roll. This is now a matter of days as opposed to weeks. The idea here is not to stall as suggested, there is no reason for us to stall. I could easily have given the team a longer rollout schedule however, there is no need anymore. We are (again, pardon the repetition and due facepalms) almost ready to rollout a refund to ALL backers that weren't able to receive one in the past. We really do want this over. It's stressful to have to respond to these types of comments or take the backlash of something we had nothing to do with in the first place as opposed to dealing with questions on engineering and feedback on a delivered unit (not that we don't understand where its coming from we do!). You guys are more than welcome to PM me with your specific questions. I'll try my hardest to give substantial answers when appropriate. And I really do appreciate you guys taking the time contacting us or commenting. I'm pretty sure its stressful for everyone involved but we're still adamant that this project can make it with a little care and dedication regardless of how things have been handled in the past. @Heiko, again thank you for commenting many many times. We greatly appreciate the effort. Unfortunately we can't typically address the same exact issue on every comment and are pleased to say that we are nearing the completion (as in, we are physically able to) of this phase (refunds). We understand that this arrangement may not be expedient enough for most backers however, we are not responsible for the previous delays and really look forward to actually moving forward with this project. You're welcome to PM us with your specific concerns and we can arrange for additional material to be provided if appropriate. This might better help bring to light questions of 1) why were there delays? 2) when can funds be released? 3) What will happen to the project after the refunding. We'd much rather engage in a constructive conversation at this point with our backers than resort to having to constantly reply to (very understandable) off comments. Thanks again for your emphatic input. Much appreciated. @JuTs, These delays are unforgivable and we are deeply sorry for the unforeseen delays especially given that this project has already been extremely delayed already. We have however been working diligently to provide constant communication and give everyone a basic heads-up with respect to whats going on. Thankfully, we're at a point where a lot of previous mistakes have been rectified and we are fairly confident that we will be ready to roll in a matter of days as opposed to weeks. Hopefully the transition from wholly neglected to back-on-track will be completed without further delay and we can focus on completing the project as envisioned. Thank you kindly for taking the time to voice your opinion, we appreciate the feedback. @Heiko, We're sorry we're not able to move at a more expedited pace and for the delays incurred previously. We are at the last stretch of our campaign and hopefully by providing a refund to yourself and everyone else, we can focus on more constructive feedback with respect to the actual product. By taking on this project we were fully aware of the consequences however, look forward to getting everything on track relatively shortly. Thanks for your feedback. @Zach, appreciate you writing in and letting us know how you feel about how things are being handled. We've been privy to quite a few Kickstarter campaigns and feel that being in direct communication with backers is a happy obligation on our part. By taking over this project we also took over the responsibilities of engaging with everyone. On that note, we're almost ready to commence as we have been laying the foundations required to complete this project over the past several weeks. It's been tough but we will have everything under wraps in short order. Thanks again for writing in. @Sam, @Derik, Thanks for the suggestions and the feedback. As always much appreciated. I think I'll do just that and make sure everyone knows we are active with the backer pool. Thanks again! @Mike, thank you kindly for writing in. Your feedback is very appreciated. @Derik, If only things were that simple :) Contrary to the implied (and a thousand apologies in advance for any assumptions), we have an obligation to actually complete the project and its not an issue of simply not having people engaged. As you can see, sending an email update or engaging comments on the comments section will see backer interaction all the same. When we took over this project we reached out to Kickstarter to better understand the platform and were advised to keep active on the comments section as this is the typical "center" if you will for backer interactions. Additionally, it was suggested that we refrain from sending (minor) updates via email and the reason is simple, many backers have opted out of receiving Kickstarter emails over the years as the system is relatively spammy. Aside form all that, I actually really like the product and want to see it go to market. It might not be something for mass consumption given the price and novelty of the product but I still feel strongly about it nonetheless. At this point, any and all input as to how we can better engage with our backers is most welcome and we appreciate the extra time you take responding and commenting over the weeks with your insight though in fairness and as aforementioned, we really want to see this product finished regardless of previous delays and hope we will be able to meet our current refunding goals relatively shortly. Thanks again. @DiMono, a scheduled update should be going out within the next 24 hours. Thanks for checking in. @Sam yve. @Rik thanks for checking and writing in. We have actually been posting quite frequent updates here in the comments section to better engage with backers and hopefully answer all the questions that we are able to. Thanks again. @Dave, scroll down a bit you may have missed an updated or two. Thanks for writing in. @Derik, I sincerely appreciate your commenting and your concerns are duly noted. I'm very glad to be able to address backer concerns and will not abandon this project or let it stagnate further. Really looking forward to clearing up this phase and get everyone comfortable and situated regardless of the slight hiccups we feel a lot of progress has been made in very short order. Responding promptly is the least I can do and should have been done from the beginning. Will keep you guys posted as planned. Thanks again. Sorry Sam, going to rewrite that sentence with the missing word. @Sam, I'm sorry I don't quite understand the question. Though I think you took "everyone" and "backers that pledged amounts" to mean separate things. Pardon the confusion - anyone that pledged funds previously to this project and "everyone" are one-in-the-same to us. Hope that clarifies. @M.G. Typically, wire transfers take 2-14 business days (sometimes even less in the U.S) depending on the type of transaction, where its going, and the amounts being transferred. In our case, wiring funds was not the issue however, the paperwork associated with transferring account ownerships from the previous owners to the new team required obtaining the proper documentation and in the cases of funds that were allocated overseas to procure parts, they had to be consolidated back home. Add on top of this really messy accounting and fragmented tax filings and we can begin to explain just some of the unanticipated delays. @Sam, I'm sorry I don't quite understand the question. Though I think you took everyone and backers that pledged amounts. Pardon the confusion - anyone that pledged funds previously to this project and "everyone" are one-in-the-same to us. Hope that clarifies. @Derik, I've been privy to quite a few KS project myself. Some go great in a few weeks (ideal!), others a few months even years. Recently a few have made headlines as they announced they will not be continuing the project and will not be issuing refunds. These projects have no bearing on the CRXi units. Our objectives are to refund backers and get the units to market with minimal delays while maintaining an open channel of communication and a steady stream of updates to everyone. We'd love nothing more to have this completed in a timely manner to allow us the time to focus on the production of the actual units however, we're also trying to clear up a messily handled project and undo quite a few mistakes. We have thankfully been able to take care of the bulk of what was not done previously. Physical parts as well as funds have been responsibly inventoried and allocated, dues and invoices taken care of. A lot of little things went wholly unattended for a very long time. The only "snag" I guess we've had to deal with was time. Preparing documents and notaries (etc.) took a little more time than we had anticipated mainly because we weren't aware of the fragmentation. Hopefully we can settle everything relatively soon with minimal delays to the benefit of everyone involved and begin focusing our attention on the project itself. We're really sorry you guys have had to deal with such long delays and if I were a backer I'd be more than a little frustrated with how things were handled. We really appreciate the opportunity serving everyone and hope when all is well, this project will be salvaged and we can focus our engineering expertise making cool new products everyone can enjoy (no more Kickstarters though! :) Thanks again everyone for taking the time to write in. Will be back with an update early in the week with concrete timelines and further details. Have a great one. Hello Backers, Just going to go ahead and respond to a few previous comments throughout the update as they touch base on the main points to be conveyed. @Tatsu, we are the refunding agency though I've taken this to mean Amazon/ebay/etc. We have been lucky enough to get everything in one place which took a little more time than we had anticipated. We've also set up various accounts (in most cases, re-established) and handled all of the prerequisite fillings with respect to taxes and general accounting. We are almost ready to start the issuing process. All that remains is transferring funds (or linking) to issuing third-party services and are currently waiting for a green-light. We do understand the frustration everyone has had to endure however, we are thankful that the major obstacles have been dealt with and we look forward to commencing shortly. We will be updating everyone via email when we are ready to start with a few details. We were hoping to begin the first of next week however, a concrete date will not be set today pending we are updated ourselves. Thanks as always for your time, especially the commenters reaching out with their questions (we had a lot to learn!) - this may seem an odd statement but we are a little new to the whole Kickstarter process as the new team missed out on a really awesome launch. Have a great one. @Toby, international backers and local backers are no different to us with respect to refunds. So, in short, yes. @Dave, We're working on just that. And do be completely honest, I'm not spending 196k :) I am simply making sure backers that pledged amounts for the CRXi units receive their payments back. My investments will take into effect after this phase with the manufacturing of the newly designed units. I'm sorry you and everyone else had to endure this for so long, I wish I had been able to do something much earlier however, this was not the case. I appreciate you writing in though and you're welcome to drop me a line any time if you need assistance with anything I'd be more than happy to help. Hello Backers, Small update: All accounts are currently successfully consolidated and we will be allocating funds across various e-pay platforms during the next few days. Updates as to progress will be going out randomly this week as we are updated ourselves. (We're so relieved you have no idea). Have a great one! @Sam, Trying our best to give out updates when we have them. Thanks for writing in. Hello Backers, As of this moment we have yet to have our wire posted. We're very hopeful that tomorrow will be more fruitful in this regard (assuming standard wiring protocols) - apparently they can take up to 5 business days typically. We will followup with this post tomorrow as we are updated ourselves. Hopefully we will begin to delve a little into next steps at that point as we will also be in contact with ebay and Amazon to get things rolling and revert back to everyone with a more accurate rollout schedule. Thanks for your patience! Almost there. @Peter, sorry we had to roll yesterday and today into a single post. Hello backers, This is will be in a series of mini-updates till Wednesday as we are updated ourselves. Our final wire has been made and we look forward to a final consolidation of all accounts by Tuesday the 15th. Our Amazon accounts have been re-instated as well as the ebay account. We have also opened a Western Union account allowing us to send payments internationally. We currently have no way to contact anyone outside of Kickstarter and a select few persons that have contacted us via outlook. This is not going to be an issue as we will handle all backers via Kickstarter. Backers will be given the option to receive an Amazon transfer, an ebay transfer, a Western Union transfer, and in the rare event that aforementioned cannot be received for whatever reason, we will work with that backer to find an appropriate solution. There is currently no need to send us any communication with a preference. We will circle back on this on Monday as well as Tuesday and Wednesday as we have more information. Thanks guys. As always, have a great weekend. Hello backers, Just a quick late-night update. We have FINALLY had all the respective accounts authorized and are ready to start sending funds from. We are also expecting the last series of transfers to go through within the next 48 hours. As soon as we are able to to post funds to the newly re-opened accounts we can commence as planned. We will be following up with this post on Friday evening (EST) with a status update. Have a great one. @Derek. Thank you for your insight and writing us. I try to refrain from judging other people so I won't be doing any blaming. What has occurred is unfortunate however, not unsalvageable. Still a pretty cool device IMO (a little biased of course). @George, I feel with you and hope to be able to change your mind about this project. Unfortunately "writing checks" as you put it requires an account you can do that from ;) We've had to sort out the mess left behind to be able to do a few things. Thankfully it's not rocket science though it did take a little longer than usual. I did't really have a need to take this project on or the responsibilities it respectfully entails, but I did and I'm very hopeful things will be turned around relatively soon. I decided to reach out to the backers and let them know what was up instead of doing more of the same. I really appreciate everyone for taking the time to voice their opinions, doubts, and encouragements. Progress is definitely being made and we remain dedicated to getting everyone situated and bringing everyone the product they wanted. Scheduled update for tomorrow. Thanks again. @Chris, not a problem - open communication is the best policy. As for most of these questions I could refer you to my first update here (37 I think?). I am Fahad, the original designer of the then "Crypteks USB". I am a product designer with a background in materials engineering. As for the former owners, they basically left the project to stagnate when (from what we assume) profit projections were not as expected with respect to the potential work involved with bringing a product to market. We assume that the initial 12,000 requested was to facilitate no more than 50 units - those could have easily have been milled by a small-scale company. Mr. Safford is a legal advisor to tech companies. He was originally commissioned to set up the registration documents of the the Crypteks, Inc. and assisted in the filling for the core IP patents. As for the take-over, as was stated before, I got quite a few complaints as to this project and as my name was attached to it I reached out to the previous owners and offered to take it off of their hands to sort things out and clear up any misconceptions propagated by a few misinformed individuals. Funds used so far have really only been used to purchase the boards. I decided that a minimal capital injection would allow me to refund the backers and give me the freedom to create the units by using the boards as leverage with our partners. This has proven successful however, the previous accounting (or lack thereof) has been a real issue as well as the timing issues with re-opening/opening new accounts and transfers (we hadn't anticipated the times required to be so lengthy on account of previous accounting and tax submissions) As for the boards, they are currently in the office waiting for some nice housings to call home :) I hope that answers your questions. Feel free to drop us a line at <email> if you need anything. Thanks again! @Chris, thanks for comment as you address a few important issues. Our main obstacles with the refunding has been setting up the appropriate accounts to facilitate U.S and international backers as they both have certain limitations. To add to this, previous records and accounting were not done. Tax filings for the year 2011, 2012, and 2013 were not done properly. Multiple accounts were set up (we have no clue why) in various countries where parts were to be ordered/manufactured. Additionally, we actually don't have direct access to backer details other than what we can gather from Kickstarter (mainly shipping addresses). Our approach has been 1) redo all the necessary fillings. 2) consolidate all accounting into a new account 3) file for corporate accounts with various financial institutions capable of catering to the refund process (locally and internationally) 4) make sure uncle same is happy with respect to fillings. When we took over ownership we had no idea things had been so neglected. We're 95% on track after-the-fact however, some approvals are taking a little longer than anticipated as well as back-wires. We will have an update hopefully before this Sat. with a more coherent schedule. Thanks again for writing in, let us know if there is anything else we can shed some light on. @Derik, thanks for checking in. A scheduled update will be going out later today. Production updates will not be going out till the refunding issue has been resolved and all bakers are situated. Thanks again. @Chanakya, we apologize if our predecessors weren't active on the comments section and this may have caused some confusion; we have been posting regular weekly updates on this section as suggested by Kickstarter to better engage with our backers by posting frequent status updates. We should have made that more clear to everyone and will include it in the next update. @Heiko, thank you for commenting. It's always a pleasure to get feedback from one of our backers. @Derik, thank you for your clarification :) (We were referring to the 80+ emails we have received) - though we appreciate you taking the time to write. Thanks again! @Chris, you sir, are awesome. Kickstarter is an amazing platform that encourages ingenuity, brews creativity, and exemplifies the most noble of characteristics - charity. There are always exceptions to every rule however, we implore everyone to look beyond the mistakes and mismanagement of a few as they do not in any way represent the spirit and dedication of so many talented people. We will do our utmost to live up to these expectations and we find the whole process extremely rewarding (albeit new and very challenging). Thank you and everyone else that continues to lend us their kind words of encouragement - we really appreciate it. Dear Backers, First and foremost, thank you all for your kind words and letters of support. You guys are awesome and make our work that much more interesting. We are still waiting for the finalization of our main Cryptrade account to commence the roll-out. We had sincerely hoped this would have been finished already however, we seem to have slightly under-estimated the time it would take. We are hoping this will be finished within the next few days and we will circle back with an update as soon as this milestone is reached. Until then, kindly accept our most sincere apologies for this slight delay. We will most likely be posting another update within 72 hours to keep everyone posted and we appeciate your patience. As always, thank you all for your support, we look forward to your messages and questions and will do our best to get back to everyone as quickly as possible. Have a great one! Hello Backers, We were hoping to have something new to report by today but it seems that we will need to circle back on Tuesday during the weekly update - we still don't have a green-light though we expect this to clear up in the next few days. @Zach, you guys are very much welcome. We try to put ourelves in your place and expect at least the very least, consistency. Thanks for writing in. @Sam, we think (hope!) everyone will be pleased with the final outcome. Stay tuned. Have a great weekend folks. Hello Backers, This is going to be a rather short update hence no need for a mass-mailed update. As of today the accounts we have secured are not ready to send funds from. We had originally marked this week for the rollout however this is unlikely as of today. We will however strive to get everything in order this week therefore we will be scheduling another update for this Friday to replace the scheduled one today as opposed to one on Tuesday. In the meantime, we will continue to keep everyone posted in the event we have any pertaining details. We appreciate your patience however, kindly note that a lot of complications had to be corrected with respect to previous management. We are pleased with the progress made this far and greatly look forward to getting everyone situated. As always, have a great one. @Sam, thank you and answers to those important questions are scheduled as updates as soon as we clear up the refunding process. We will divulge that newer molding technologies utilizing various metallic glass (amorphous metal alloys) are being considered. Final finishes are aplenty and we will strive to provide our backers with several options. Hope that helps. @David, we've been posting minor updates here under the comments section (you can view them by scrolling down a bit). We have yet to issue any refunds to anyone though an update will be going out on Tuesday to clarify the rollout. Thanks for writing in. @Jeff, you are very welcome sir. We're very excited to get everyone situated (though sorting through the previous mess has been... challenging to say the least). Thanks for writing. Dear Backers, As per our minor weekly update, we will most likely be commencing the refund process next week. We had hoped to start this week unfortunately new accounts had to be opened and approved which took a few days. We appreciate your patience. We should have more details next week which we will be elaborating on appropriately (update number 41). Thanks for your time, have a great one. @Kie, no problem. Thanks for checking in @Travis, we're actually going to issue funds to all backers to ensure we have a fresh start with everyone. All backers will have a priority to order units when they are made available. Pricing and availability will be announced shortly after the refund process to everyone interested. Thanks for writing in. Hello Backers, Everything looks to be on track as planned though rollouts should start around the middle of this month. We're currently processing our own payments and everything is all set up. A few trouble accounts will be resolved via email - there are a few backers that can't receive Amazon payments or PayPal either. These will be processed differently and you will be notified via mail. We're scheduled for another update same time next week. Thanks and as always have a great one. (We'll have sorry!) Hello Backers. Just a small update today. We look to be on schedule with refunds though it looks to be closer to mid-June at this time. We still have yet to receive a proper solution with Amazon (international) but we have a few contingencies in place - more on that next week. Thanks to everyone that has sent us kind words; we really appreciate it and look forward to overcoming the obstacles this project has faced in the past. (And yes! We will be finishing the units and yes everyone that backed this project will have priority). We plan on making 2500 units initially and 500 of the CRXii. Thanks again, we're have another update same time next week. Your comments/questions are always welcomed anytime. Have a great one. Hello backers. We wanted to do a quick followup today though a bit short so we've opted to use the comments section. Refunds look to be on schedule for near mid-June. We should have quite a few options for everyone on that front and we look forward to getting everyone situated. We'd like to thank all the backers that took the time to leave a comment to help us get organized. Kindly note that we now have complete records for every backer that has yet to receive a refund so there is no further need to post a request - thanks again we appreciate you guys taking the time to drop us a line. We may have a minor update going out to a few international backers later this week with respect to processed refunds with withdrawal issues; we may have a solution for these cases. Thats about it for the tine being. Thanks to everyone that wrote in with words of encouragement. We look forward to taking care of the refunds and focusing on actual production. As always, we may be reached via mail or Kickstarter messaging anytime for assistance or questions. We're scheduled for another update same time next week. Have a great one! @George Thank you, noted. @Martin thanks for contacting us. Yes as a matter of fact refunds will be issued to everyone. Kindly refer to the last two updates for additional information that may pertain to you. Thanks again. @Tom, thanks for letting us know. @Peter thanks for the update. Your messages have been well received however kindly refer to the last two updates for further details with respect to the process. Everyone is being refunded there is no need for a request though thanks again for letting us know. @Dana Epp, thanks for that. With the volume of emails we receive on a daily basis we noted in the previous update that all email submissions have been well received - but thanks for checking in with us. On that note, we will definitely keep everyone posted on the unit status. All original backers will have first pick with respect to purchasing a unit. More on that in the upcoming updates. @Chris, @Michelle, thanks for that. You're all set (and you're very welcome, thank you) @WEEKA, as per the last update, all emails received have been reviewed (yours included) and we thank you for following up. @Derik, thanks for that. Our update requested folks try to contact us to help us sort out the mess of records we have access to. We're trying to figure out 1) who received a refund so far 2) of those who wasnt able to use said funds. We've enlisted the help of both KS and Amazon staff. We're working to find the best solution to handle everyone however its a daunting task especially since everything was in a jumble. We'll sort it out and get this rolling. Thanks for checking in. Thank you everyone that took their time to get back with us. You're all set. Kindly note that there is no need at this time to inform of us of a refund request; this is the default plan at the moment though we really appreciate you contacting us. Thanks again. @egooijen, @Seth, @David. Thanks guys you're all set. @Heiko, Cryptrade has been purchased from the previous owners. Thanks for stopping by. @Oracz, @Dauzon, @Andrew, thank you for getting back with us, we have you guys down. @Andrew, we're waiting word from Amazon for any potential solution they have in place for this type of situation. We'll update everyone as planned with further information and appreciate your patience while wrapping everything up. Thanks again. @Christine, we're sorry to hear that, truly are. We have you down thank you kindly. @Cedric, @Peter, thanks guys. We already have you down. On that note, I think almost everyone here would have wanted the units and I look forward to making that happen. Thanks again. @Clive, Thank you for updating us. We are currently talking to Amazon to see what options are available to us on this front. We will update everyone the minute we have a tangible option. Rest assured the issue is being dealt with amongst other similar problems. @ER, Thank you for letting us know the situation. We have yet to receive a definitive from Amazon on what solution we will be able to offer everyone as we apparently have an issue with international backers not being able to use their funds. We will get back to everyone with respect to this issue on the next update hopefully. Thanks again. @Dave Thank you for dropping us a line. @kicjobjob Apparently some of your postings violate the Kickstarter TOA. Posting links to third-party sites if i'm not mistaken is against aforementioned as well as rapid posting/trolling or releasing of potentially slanderous conjecture. We advise at this point that any issue that you wish clarified be brought up in an official correspondence and if said response has any bearing on this project we will be most willing to post the results as an update to everyone if said information is deemed appropriate or aids in the fulfillment or expedience of the current project goals. Your comments and correspondence are always welcome however and I look forward to you responding to mine in the appropriate time to kindly correct your facts. Thanks for your time. @Heiko, We are in the process of gathering the correct numbers for this project which should come to a conclusion later today with the Amazon results. We have no plans to withhold refunds from backers on the basis of manufacturing. Funds will be refunded irregardless of what we end up doing with the boards. With respect to the contract; you're welcome to contact us via email where that information can be provided to you - there are statements of share transfers FYI which you are more than welcome to be a privy to. With respect to photographs; we can include these in an update sure no problem though we've already ascertained that they were purchased. With respect to the part about Amazon; sorry I don't see a question there however we are in contact with Amazon to figure out who got refunded, and of those that were issued refunds, how many of them were international customers that were unable to use said funds (we had no idea this was an issue until we saw various refunds in limbo). With respect to deadlines; we will be posting a timeline as soon as we know our numbers; this is not going to be a lengthy ordeal. With respect to your opinions; I am motivated to see this through due to various reasons - this project has created a lot of grief for me when instead I should have been proud of the success of one of my inventions and the attention it garnered. The current state of things is unacceptable and will be rectified immediately and hopefully when everyone is taken care of I will consider if at all, how and when to release this invention to the public for retail. Thank you for giving us your two-cents and we have your information. @Andy Thank you for getting back with us. @Warren, @Neil, thanks for checking back with us. You're all set. @Andy, we have been in contact with Amazon and Kickstarter. Unfortunately a good deal of backers that were issued refunds were done so via various ways and we don't have access to previous domains or email correspondences. We don't have those records. We are asking Amazon to assist in filtering who got what and when so that we have a better list to go by. Unfortunately I cannot make excuses for the previous management however look forward to taking care of what needs fixing. @Anonybook, Everyone is being refunded. Backers still wishing to own one will have that chance when they are made. The only issue we have now is figuring out who was already issued a refund. From what I can see thankfully you were issued one already. Thanks for checking in. @Jon. A lot of innocent people were hurt due to this project. What started out as a cool invention has led to be a huge personal loss and a publicity nightmare. We look forward to reaching the end of this project to the satisfaction of everyone still involved. @Heiko Any backer that has pledged to this project or any project for that matter deserves a reward/refund. The reason for this update is more closely associated with "right thing to do". Each and every backer deserves his/her/their due and no credit should be given to any particular person rather credit to everyone that has been unjustly inconvenienced by mismanagement a gross lack of respect. Hello backers! Kindly see update number 38 for important information regarding this project. We thank you for your patience and look forward to assisting everyone. We will try to answer everyone in an acceptable timeframe however may not be so quick on the comments section due to the hand-off. Hey guys, Update as to the refund process is out. We'll try to answer all of your emails as quickly as possible for those requesting assistance. A short update will also be sent out in a few minutes explaining how one would be able to get their Amazon Transaction ID. @Q8GEEK, backers wishing to remain backers will be given an update hopefully in a few short days. There will be some serious changes as to the parameters of the initial project including an update from USB 2.0 to 3.0 as well as the ownership and management of Cryptrade. Inc. More details on that later hopefully. We'll make sure every continued backer is taken care of :) Hey everyone! Update as to the refund process today/tomorrow. . We had an issue with some former backers that had received previous refunds previously and would be able to use the automated refund process to get an additional refund. . Kindly follow directions on the Official update once it has been sent! We are already severely behind schedule and it would be very inefficient to other backers if the refund process is not followed properly (we'd have to double check transactions manually, ensure all backers were verified, etc.). . And be nice to S&B! (Looking at you Adrian! lol). They're excellent people that offered their services to a customer! There's no need for all of that. Refunds will be processed properly, rewards will be issued for the inconvenience and extreme patience! Everything will be in order as soon as everyone is properly situated. . Thanks again everyone for being so patient! Kindly stay tuned for the update with the required details! Apologies* (oops) @Moritz, Pretty much everything. More on that on the next update. For now its time to take care of this messy project and get everyone back on track. Again, many apologize while we take care of our backers at this point. @Ronald We will in fact complete this project. The business model has not changed however management has. Unfortunately due to many delays quite a bit of our backers were dissatisfied therefore refunds were suggested so as no to upset anyone. We will have more on that in the coming days. @Nate, we pardon the inconvenience, we're trying to hasten the refund process for everyone that wishes to receive one. Thanks for your patience at this point. LOL, hey guys :) @Nate, Zach, Juts, (Adrian? LOL)... update for the refund process is on track. It's not much of a process other than deciding how you guys would like to get your refunds. As we have said in the last update, we ourselves will not be handling this and it should be hassle-free. Will get back to everyone in a few days with an status update. Thanks for your patience everyone! Just a friendly reminder to everyone. There is no need to send any information at present for refunds. The refund process will be sent to every backer and will include a minor authentication and request for refund route. We understand that the update was a little lengthy but in short, once the system is in place, refund request forms and gateways will be sent to all backers wishing to opt for one. With that said, thank you all for your patience and happy holidays! Have a great one! @JuTs Sorry to hear that. We know at least there was an issue for you to withdraw funds from Amazon. Backers that had requested refunds were granted them (some even posted on comments about it). @Kicjobjob maybe you should create a project here on Kickstarter?? :) Merry Christmas everyone! @Sebastian Unfortunately there is no answer to that question. That's the truth. ETA's are dependent on quite a few variables that are out of our hands at this point. We do understand the frustration and it is well deserved. We will do our very best to answer your question in the next update. Hope that helps! @Sam There will be no loss. Each and every unit will be manufactured according to our original plan. (Of course, it was never our plan to be delayed!) :) @Sebastian The only idiots here are ourselves for not being in a position to communicate with our backers the way we had wished. We will be sending out an update with respect to the units and ETA's in a few days, thanks for bearing with us! @Sam, actually its a net-zero loss (less what Kickstarter and Amazon took). Units sold on the open market will fetch higher prices anyways as there is no approximate 9% merchant loss. Units bought on Kickstarter are much cheaper than they would be on the outside. There was no profit intended on the Kickstarter units. Hope that helps! @Farzan So sorry to hear that, hopefully 2013 will be kinder to everyone :) Start the new-year with a fresh effort and clean slate! @Dave, nor ours! Might see them in baskets though ;) (and no, I won't take ANY responsibility for another deadline! lol) Happy Holidays guys! (And some of you were right! Holidays DID bring us out haha). Sorry for the confusion/delays everyone. We sent out an update to everyone and hope it summarizes a few key points pertaining to this project and our backers. Hope you guys have a great one! @Mortiz sheeesh!! relentless! :) It's all good, we needed the wakeup from you guys! Have a great one! @Toby We would never insult anyone and of course we would appreciate the same reciprocal sentiment. There have been delays, there have been mishaps, lack of communication, many promises were made that were not met; however we have remained dedicated and do the best with what is available always. Personal attacks and non constructive feedback however is uncalled for. There are always appropriate ways to get a point across. We've backed tens of projects on Kickstarter over the course of this past year and feel our project has faced several challenges similar to others with similar delays and similar general lack of experience. We don't see the level of displeasure that we seem to get here. Most of it our fault? Yes of course. We have launched a project that is very much delayed and our backers have rights to know the why's and where's and the how's. But regardless of our faults and misgivings, we're here :) We're here and remain working on this project and will do so till its completion. @George Don't worry about such silly endeavors, We're all fairly available and active online :) It's a shame though that such immature slander was a part of our project. Such a shame. Hey guys, . We're still here and quite frankly appalled by the type of comments being generated on the comments section. In general we're about finished and we're finishing the final steps required for shipping the units. We do not however feel that the backers that were sent refunds and could not withdraw their funds have any right to questions our motives or team members. Sorry guys, but that goes far and beyond the scope of this project. Yes we are very much late but then again, so are 90% of kickstarter projects. We don't need to remind you that the BBB has informed us we have done nothing wrong, our legal council has informed us that we have not done anything illegal and Kickstarter TOS (though a little forgiving) does not include any statutes for a situation even remotely similar to ours (hence, we are not in the red). We will continue to complete this project providing everyone with a unique unit not available the world-over and we will remain steadfast with our promises to deliver in the quickest time possible. We do pardon our lack of communication however it seems almost futile to please backers that do not understand the situation or question specific individuals and try to release personal information of non-members to an understandable aim (though, you're more than welcome at this pont). We're here and answer direct correspondence in the best fashion possible when appropriate. Thanks for those backers that have notified us of the filth taking place on the comments section. We're not afraid to answer questions and are always reachable. Otherwise, we kindly would like to mention to our backers; we're obligated morally or otherwise to make a unique product and deliver said product. We're not obligated to provide justification, solace, sentiment, or otherwise. Backers whom have issues with the aforementioned are more than welcome to contact us via our listed phone number, registered adress, or at <email>. We were fairly clear back in April that our project had undergone delays and that interested backers should request a refund via the appropriate avenues. We will not be commenting as a few backers have abused that privilege. Official correspondence will always be welcome and we apologize sincerely for their behavior. Any official updates will be done through the Updates section when appropriate. Thank you all for your understanding. Official emails will be answered via <email> with respect to shipping or billing issues. Thank you for your time. -Cryptrade Team Hey guys, Just a few minor points: With respect to refunds, international backers that received refunds prior to the April 5th deadline (and that was the deadline), had an issue collecting as Amazon Payments doesn't allow transfers to bank accounts outside of the U.S. This is an ongoing issue and we have nothing to do with it. We're trying to set up a viable solution to this situation (check, money order?). All refund requests were processed when they were supposed to and we'll address each one appropriately. . With respect to the CAD files - we've had them since prior to the Kickstarter project. They were required for both the renders, the SLA prototypes, as well as the patent application :) We're currently drafting NDA's for the backers that requested they would like to take a look at them. You're all more than welcome to be a part of this process and we really REALLY hope a few of you have some great suggestions (especially other engineers). We have no qualms with transparency, you main issue is really our serious lack of know-how when it comes to manufacturers. We get yanked around every 5 mins and a lot of promises made to us were never fulfilled. Wish you guys would step in and help us out! It's really not an issue of competence, it's way more an issue of (woah! 300 for a part! say wha!) - You guys are too generous and your continued commenting (albeit not always due to how wonderful we're doing) - is always welcome and much appreciated. We'll do our best to post the pics that were requested. :) Will let you know what happens with SlingShot after our call tomorrow/day after. Thanks for your patience guys! @Will NP :) Oh, also, there seems to be some sort of issue with resetting passwords on the Vault system when a user has forgotten their security answers. We're looking in to the best solution for having that reset. @Sam We actually won't know till Weds. We'll let everyone know the minute we have more info. Hey guys! We have some cool news coming from SlingShot Product Development Group in a bit. We'll be posting this via the updates section. A lot of your questions will be answered and hopefully everyone will understand a bit more why we've been delayed for so long and what solutions they will be providing. As for a few questions 1) Manufacturing is done exclusively in the States. Assembly is also done in the States. We probably won't be able to keep that up for mass produced units but for the time being, we're 100% made in the US. 2) Our springs, were no-quoted A LOT! Slingshot has updated the design to facilitate a feasible part. The springs are responsible for the "clicking" sounds of the wheels and are very important to the overall functionality. 3) Memory capacities have and will always continue to be an issue. We have taken the decision to offer free memory upgrades to all of our Kickstarter backers. These upgrades will be in the form of a new "key" that will be delivered upon final completion. It's a very expensive investment but we really owe it to everyone for being patient. 4) We're working on this and we're still here and we're going to deliver regardless of how many complaints we get and regardless of how crappy our communication is! (we seriously know and a Bajillion pardons!!!) There's really no excuse other than we're swamped with work. 5) We'll be offering a forum for our backers to sign NDA's for anyone interested in seeing the core CAD files. We had a few backers requesting it and thought you guys might benefit from seing just how complex the parts and tolerances really are. Anyone interested should send an email to <email>. You guys are welcome to try and mill one :D @anyone interested in stopping by: Office doors are open anytime, we'd love to talk to our backers and you're welcome to drop us a line anytime to set up an appointment. 6) Anyone who forgot their security questions need to reset them via their confirmed email addresses. In the event this can't be done, kindly drop us a line and we'll take care of it as soon as possible. 7) For some odd reason we don't get notifications (push notifications) from Kickstarter any longer. Speediest way to contact us is via email (<email>). Other than that, hold up peeps. We may suck at commenting on the comments section but SlingShot is definitely more than capable of handling these units to the required specs. Have a great one guys, and don't forget to write in if you need the CAD files, thanks again! @Nicholas Just got your FB msg :) Will send you a Kickstarter PM with details. You're more than welcome to stop by :) @Anonybook: So do we!! lol. Hopefully by that time everyone will see what a cool project this was and we might be able to afford staffing HR and CS :D Backer(s)? Lol... have a great weekend guys. You speak too soon esteemed backer :) Check your email. Shortly mean Monday JuTs. We're sorry your country is not supported via Amazon Payments. We will be issuing the refunds to the 4 remaining international backers via Western Union or Money Gram. Thank you for your understanding. Sorry guys, we really don't know what to say anymore lol. It seems the best way to contact us for a legitimate reason is through private message or email. We're really sorry about all that. Hey guys. We have not taken a decision to refund anyone, that will probably be done tomorrow or Friday the latest. As far as we're concerned this project is still a definite go and the refund is issue is being debated. Will let you know via official update. For those backers requesting that they be issued, kindly contact us via kickstarter messaging and it will be noted. Thanks again, and thanks for all those who submitted some really nice messages :) Made all the difference. @Larry @Will You guys are very right. We have a horrible track record when it comes to communication. We're a tiny team doing a monumental task. We'll post what we have and update everyone very shortly. @Anonybook, you have been refunded kindly check your Amazon account. @Anonybook. You're more than welcome to do any research that amuses you. We might give you a little advice also that a class action lawsuit requires punitive damages to have been incurred. We think you mean you'd like to petition for a refund (which, perhaps if you would bother checking your Amazon account, was granted at the behest of the moderators). Also, the BBB would be more helpful with your undertaking than the Department for Homeland Security is responsible for terrorist attacks, man-made accidents, and natural disasters. Though as someone openly affiliating themselves with Anonymous, you probably already know that as they've been interested in that group for some time now. . @Everyone, we're deeply sorry for these posts. Kickstarter admins have been petitioned for suspension as this qualifies as harassment under the Terms of Service. Thank you for your collective patience and understanding as this issue is taken care of. @Scott We're appreciative for every backer that showed their support. If we have to accomodate a single backer, then that is exactly what we are going to do, as a matter of principal. We're only curious as to why the encryption crowd is so unforgiving comparative to other projects we've personally backed. They update in a similar fashion to what we have been doing. They are delayed pretty much as long as we have been, and face many similar challenges. It's flattering to be honest. We're just sorry we couldn't accomodate shipment faster. Thankfully all of our funds are accounted for (and then some), our corporate structure is well founded, and we are adhering to the rules and regulations set forth by this platform. Suggestions of fraud and conjecture is literally insulting. A simple refund request could take care of any dispute or claim. On that note, we also firmly stand by the integrity of all of our company members, affiliates, and shareholders. It's just plain rude to suggest fraud because a few of the founding members are international. Department of Homeland Security? That made legal rofl. We might be able to find a solution for manufacturing or even give a few freebees, but finding one for prejudice is beyond the scope of this project. We are collectively apologetic to the majority of our backers, whom are incidentally, international. The suggestion of a class-action is whimsically silly; backers wanting refunds were given the opportunity (and completely of our own doing as we are not required to) and we'll probably do it again to accomodate additional backers. It would behoove anyone interested to at least do a little due diligence as to the term and perhaps read the TOA & FAQ on Kickstarter.com (<url>"I haven't gotten my reward yet. What do I do? The first step is checking the Estimated Delivery Date on the project page. Backing a project is a lot different than simply ordering a product online, and sometimes projects are in very early stages when they are funded. If the Estimated Delivery Date has passed, check for Project Updates that may explain what happened. Sometimes creators hit unexpected roadblocks, or simply underestimate how much work it takes to complete a project. Creators are expected to communicate these setbacks should they happen. If the creator hasnt posted an update, send a direct message to request more information about their progress, or post a public comment on their project asking for a status update." . Sorry again guys for the nature of these posts. We are collectively frequent bloggers and big fans of anti-trolling. Our absence on the comments section is due to being all over trying to complete this project. The funds raised on Kickstarter although greatly appreciated, is not something we'd go AWOL over. We will be posting via the updates section as soon as options are available to those backers that wish to remove themselves from this project. We also recommend that backers that don't wish to add anything constructive to this project, to refrain from speaking on behalf of others. We get feedback from many backers almost daily and rest assured, we have a strong backing for which we are ever vigilant. @Shantanu LOL, I don't you've ever driven in the snow before :) @Scott, we'll most likely be offering the few backers that wish it, a refund. There are several hundred supporters that still wish to see this project come to fruition. We'd be willing to refund everyone that wished it and pay the additional expense from our own pockets if that needed be. It would be wise this time around for backers that do not wish to wait any longer to go ahead and make arrangements. We're interested in finishing a very important undertaking. Your fellow backer even pointed out they wished to knock us off but realized it was too complex and would cost quite a substantial amount of money well beyond what was raised on Kickstarter. We weren't joking when we said we paid a lot from our own capital. ;) We'll let everyone know via official update what options are made available. Thanks for feedback. @Anonybook We don't need to prepare anything at all as we are operating within the rules designated by this platform. Though we do appreciate your initial pledge, we kindly request that matters pertaining to your dissatisfaction be brought to the correct pathways, i.e you may wish to send us an official correspondence, Kickstarter staff, or Amazon payments. As you and many other backers have paid via credit card, you may always dispute the transaction. We have afforded refunds on different occasions and we feel we are moving in the right direction towards fulfillment however late that might be. There are however several hundred other backers aside from yourself that we must consider, many of whom have expressed much interest and support for this project. We will not see it fail due to conjecture. . @Chris you may change your shipping address as many times as you require. We will notify everyone a few days prior to shipping that we are about to ship and everyone will have a chance to update their addresses accordingly. The latest update will be your acting shipping address, hope that answers your question. Thanks again for being with us everyone, and we sincerely apologize for the latest happenings on this page. Kickstarter staff is investigating a potential solution. @Anonybook, These facts were brought up at the beginning of this project and the company affiliates and organizers are public knowledge. Bitwize SARL is based in Lebanon as stated many times before and were responsible for all of the video renders as well as concepts. Mr. Badawi is the CEO of the aforementioned company as well as a shareholder in Cryptrade Inc. This was acceptable to Amazon Payments, to the IRS, the State of Michigan, and Kickstarter.com. We're proud to have them on board and they have fulfilled their product concept delivery and an award winning website to boot ;) Kickstarter requires U.S based companies as Amazon does not offer payment services outside the U.S. As a whole; Cryptrade Inc. for all intents and purposes is a U.S based company with HQ based in MI. Mr. Randy Safford along with his partners are shareholders as well as acting legal council (same great gents that managed to prevent the naming challenge faced at the beginning). . In any event, everyone that has worked on this project is proud to have been a part of it and every member stands by our fulfillment obligations. Though late and not to the liking of some of our backers, whom were offered refunds and declined, this project is still within the guidelines set forth by Kickstarter. For those backers unaware of Kickstarter guidelines, kindly refer to the Kickstarter homepage. Several projects launched during the same timeframe as this one have faced similar challenges and their projects have still not come to fruition. This is definitelya not an excuse or being late, however illustrates the fact that several startups face many unique challenges that were not anticipated. Regardless of how a few disgruntled backers seem to feel, we will be notifying everyone of a decision to offer refunds (again) to those backers whom have been inconvenienced by our delays and no longer wish to be a part of this project. We are not obligated to do so however have (and might) do so to alleviate the situation. Frankly, there are still hundreds of supporters vouching for this project to succeed. For those who have been waiting patiently, many thanks, and thank you as always for your kind support. We will be addressing these issues immediately. Thanks again. Yes and no. Slingshot asked us for close to 60,000 USD to re-do the tolerances on the unit to facilitate an easier milling process. We were under the impression ages ago that when we initially paid them that this was taken care of. Part of the reason we get so delayed is our lack of knowledge and foresight into these matters. For us, it's as simple as some of our backers suggest, i.e, have the drawings, price it and mill it. We were ohhhh so wrong about that. The precision we required of the unit and the manufacturing process proved extremely expensive. We've already thrown more at this project from our own pockets than we raised on kickstarter. Had the original 75 units or 12,000k been raised as we had hoped been achieved, we would have covered our initial expenses at Christmas and had a few unboxing videos on New Years day :) But, (and somehow, thankfully) we were overwhelmed with orders. This is wholly our fault for not having the foresight of how complicated things could get when dealing with such orders. We just want to finish this ordeal, make our backers happy and give them a nice product. Instead, we're overwhelmed and our backers are dissatisfied with our communication, which sadly stems from us having to run around chasing manufacturers and trying to find solutions to issues that were supposedly ironclad. Vicious cycle, and we're just really sorry to everyone that had so much faith in us and we let them all down. @Sam, havent had a chance to look at Kickstarter messages for a bit, we got stiffed by our manufacturer who suddenly gave us a quote for close to 900$ a unit as opposed to the 104$ we were first promised. Been a little hectic around here. We'll have that taken care of immediately. Thanks again. @Sam We were just made aware of this, it is a compatibility issue with a few browsers that have recently updated. Should be up and running fairly shortly. Thanks for bringing it up :) @Deff, thank you for your thoughts. Again, we will be updating everyone shortly. Hey guys, Just got a panicked phone call! @Anonybook Though we appreciate your concern over the integrity of this project, we will be addressing the refund issue with an official update within 48 hours. Theres no need for you or any inconvenienced backer to make confrontational threats over the integrity of this project, project members, or affiliates. Though we are obviously late on our initial projected deadlines, and though you and many backers have the absolute right to be frustrated, we have and always will stand by this project, our team, as well as our promise to ensure no backer will go unrewarded or unaccounted for. . We apologize to the rest of our supporters if our lack of communication is the cause of the tone and confrontational nature of some of the comments being left on this page. We have been in contact with Kickstarter staff to ensure we are still adhering to the terms of agreement of Kickstarter.com and though we may be at fault for being non-communicative, we are definitely not in breech of the terms granted us by the Kickstarter platfrom (however inconvenient that may be). Our offices are registered and in good standing, anyone that feels the need to make silly accusations or rumor mongering is always welcome to stop by ;) . In retrospect to what is going on here by a few backers, a board decision as to offer refunds is underway and the terms of such an undertaking if offered (again) will be sent via official update in the next 48 hours. We feel we were clear when we offered our first round of refunds that delivery is hindered and should be expected very late. Refunds were offered freely and without penalty losses due to Kickstarter commissions and Amazon commissions; we paid out of pocket in respect to our backers. . Again to everyone, we apologize how this has somehow turned so ugly. We're very ashamed of this fact and deeply remorseful that our absence was taken somehow as a con and not of hard work trying to reward everyone that showed us their kindness and support. We will be sending out an official correspondence to all backers shortly, thank you to everyone that made an effort to contact us and offer advice with regard to the happenings on the comments section. Hey Guys, . Pardon the absence, been a hectic few weeks. Just a minor update: @Larry @Zach, We'll try to post a few pics relatively soon. We'll be doing the whole process of milling, assembly, packaging, as soon as everything is ready we'll let everyone know. Thanks for everyone that updated their shipping addresses during this time. For those who haven't yet, kindly do so :) We'll send out an official reminder a few days before we're ready to start shipping. . With respect to the few backers that were issued refunds outside of the U.S and were not able to access funds via Amazon.com: We will be sending out Western Union money transfers and you will be contacted shortly for your details. We thank you for your patience while resolving this issue. . Aside from that, thanks everyone for your patience! We're almost at the end of the project and we're really excited :) Thanks again everyone! Enjoy the rest of the week! @JuTs LOL! Still having trouble getting your funds out of your Amazon account? We could always cancel your transfer and put you back in the list ;) Let us know how we can help. Thanks guys for all the support :) A lot of the negativity was probably due to our updating skills (or lack thereof) but we were always 110% confident about completion. @Justin, thank you for the kind words and as a matter of fact, we do have a few additional units available for anyone interested. :) @Travis Will do ;) You can count on it! @Kevin We've had that suggestion many times from various backers. We try lol. Hopefully we'll have 2 more major updates till everyone gets their units and THEN we can go to the beach :) More often than not, we are disappointed by our vendors and it gets to the point that we really don't know what to tell everyone. Obviously it's a huge shortcoming and the experience has taught us the value of transparency. Thanks for the suggestion, we'll do our best to at least get the project over with and units in your hands without the need for "too many updates" :D @Chris, @Sam - Thanks :) Told ya Chris! ;) @Zach no need for apologies! We're apparently REALLY bad at updating you guys and for that we owe YOU the apology :) Update has been sent! - Thanks Em! (You too Randy!) @Sam We will be using a mix of UPS and FedEx (a few will be sent via DHL). We had quite a few orders and many in countries with various restrictions. This update will encompass the boards and an estimated ETA for the first shipments (which will be going out to backers in order). Backers that pledged first will get their units a little sooner than those whom supported the project at a later date. Our next update will have the locking mechanisms prior to final assembly (for those units that have been completed). The update should be going out fairly soon :) It's being uploaded right now :) We're thinking 80,000 worth of hardware encrypted PCBA boards is just what everyone needs to know their investment in this project is being taken very seriously. We're not very vocal but we're doing some amazing things and tough we're being (righteously) criticized, we feel the ends justify the means. It's almost laughable when we get suggestions about how "simple" milling a locking mechanism is :D (we thought the same thing actually). Or how "easy" it is because we are outsourcing everything (we're obviously not to the level where we can create custom NSA certified-hardware encrypted boards! (we're working on it though!). Thanks to everyone that showed us their love and support! Stay tuned! Hey Guys, Update is being uploaded - the video was apparently too large so we had to compress it to comply. @Zach We're still following guidelines set forth by Kickstarter - there is a lengthy terms of use section that might answer many of your questions. Also, anyone unable or unwilling to participate in this project due to delays was invited to ask for a full refund before the April 5th deadline. We do apologize for the delays however we are working diligently to complete this project. The official update should be going out in the next hour or so with additional details. Thanks everyone! Hey guys, The update will be going up today hopefully sooner than later :) Thanks for the patience and we hope you enjoy. Have a great night! Hey guys, Just so as not to keep everyone hanging, we've pushed the update till Monday 8PM EST as we were not able to generate the final ETA this evening. @Larry You should start a pool :D We hope you all enjoy your weekend and look forward to updating everyone. @Merlin Thank you for the kind words, always a pleasure to hear from you. @Chris N. You guys HAVE seriously "kickstarted" a serious business (and one we had no idea would happen!). We have official V.C's, international orders, talks of CEO's etc. It's exciting yet daunting at the same time. So many people to please, so many expectations. We're doing our best and we hope at the end everyone will be proud of what we were able to accomplish in so little time. After all; you guys are the real reason we're here (here as in at work 18 hrs a day :D, not on the beach lol) - Have a great one guys! The thing... #Corrections Hey guys. Firstly, thank you for all the suggestions and feedback. On that note, there's no need to argue amongst yourselves. We made some serious tactical mistakes with our time estimates and ran into issues we really had no idea were even possible. We're just extremely thankful that we've had so much support (even from "negative" posts) but... we've all learned so much. @Chris That's a wonderful idea and we were planning on doing it from the start (there has been talks of life-long discounts on any future products as well). @Zach Our lack of proper planning and poor updating skills are to blame for the pessimism. We've been made quite aware of our shortcomings and are constantly reminded. The think with the larger orders meant we had to get some serious experts involved whom are accustomed to handling the logistics of such an operation. We have great people involved and our backers always shed some light on how to make things smoother. @Everyone else, thank you so much for bearing with us. We've definitely here and finishing this project is our only life's ambition (you guys have no idea). Our update will be going out this Friday and hopefully everyone will be quite relieved (we know we will!). We're trying to get someone on board to handle PR for now and in the future. Thanks again everyone, we're here and listening, trying our best to please everyone in the end. @Moritz Thankfully our encrypted USB boards are not our own design and are supplied by Kingston (based on the DTVP series boards). Our production costs haven't gone up, but the order quantities have reached 500k+. We first started this project trying to make 75 or so, that went sharply up to around 1100, THEN the absurd happened and we started getting orders from literally hundreds of interested parties. Though Kickstarter is and always will be our start, we were (and still are) literally overwhelmed and couldn't begin to fathom the intricacies of taking a product to mass-market. We have a lot to learn and new challenges and situations are a daily occurrence ;) Have faith! We literally SUCK at the updating/commenting process but we're doing the best we can (and it's obviously very VERY lacking). Our only hope is that when you guys start getting the product we'll magically be forgiven and might get some positive feedback for a change. It's hard getting nailed in public when you're working non-stop to please so many people; especially with so much at stake. Thanks for writing in though, we appreciate it either way. Hey Guys, . Been a busy last week and we're sorry we haven't been very vocal on the comments section. We are nearing the end of this project and it's crunch time. As we've stated recently, there won't be an official update till we are ready to provide a final ETA and the media we've been preparing. We do pardon the silence but there's not much time responding to random comments and we hope you guys understand we're trying to wrap everything up. @Chris It actually does take more than 4 days to get a final response. There are many variables and timelines by third part-parties are beyond our control. For those who haven't been following past posts, Bitwize is indeed a Lebanese company and they have created the website and the video renders; needless to say we're proud they were a part of this project. We understand a lot of our backers are backers of other projects and are accustomed to different approaches to conducting their projects; we're trying to refrain from posting unsubstantial official updates especially whilst nearing the end of the project. We're estimating the official update will go up Thurs but again, that may or may not happen pending a final confirmation. There have been requests for refunds during this week and we are going to have to issue such requests when the units go out to everyone else. We offered refunds for quite a while and gave updates pertaining to this issue. Those backers whom have expired their window for obtaining a refund may send an email to <email> with the subject "refund'. Such requests will be responded to after units ship out and not before. @Everyone that sent us support messages pertaining to the comments (though again, pardon for not responding! We're literally working 20 hours a day); THANK YOU! :) We understand a lot of backers have had their doubts and our lack of communication at times (most of the time!) doesn't really help but amends will be made when the update goes out and everything is in order. We're always banking on the quality of the unit and the end result opposed to comment-glory ;) (It's extremely likely that comments on the comments section will not be responded to in the next week, for urgent matters kindly send a PM or an email). Thanks again guys! Hey guys. We're finalizing our final ETA with the vendor today, pics are ready for the update and we're waiting on final word to go ahead and post. @Larry No schedules for this update, it's the one before product launch and we really want to make sure the final ETA is included. Last hurdle to get out of the way and we're all set. We'll follow up on this in a few hours after speaking with GPI. Thanks guy! Hey guys: We're scheduled for a major update within the next 3-4 days. We'll be posting a lot of material and some dates based on our current timelines. Try not to post above this post till then to allow everyone to get a chance to see this. Till then guys! Have a greet weekend. @Harry, @Darien: Quite a few former backers have had similar issues and have posted here after a time verifying being taken care of. We'll look into it as we did the others however we don't have much to do with this process and we will address this issue with you personally via email/PM. Thanks for your understanding. @Andy, Should have an update for everyone Friday-Sun. Thanks for bearing with us! @Sam Np.... @Moritz Hold on there bud! We're nearing the end ;) @Sam 6xxx series aluminum as originally planned ;) Can't wait to show you guys these boards :D Make Larry happy that's for sure! @JuTs Thank you for the update :) We have received your email, PM, and now, your update. Kindly bear with them just a little bit longer, we're quite confident you will be receiving correspondence from Amazon stat. Thanks again! Ahhhhhh.... The never-ending saga that is Amazon. We have word from both former backers that the process was complete. We'd suspect that you should be taken care of shortly. Do let us know via message how that works out. Thanks @JuTs @Larry, noted :) We'll try a bit harder these next few weeks. Hopefully things will be much smoother this coming Friday. Thanks again! You're very mistaken actually. We care very much what you think to be honest. It's a real eye-opener sometimes. You guys (basing this on a hunch at this point) just don't get how much effort goes into these projects lol. SO HARD! Getting the funding is just the tip. We have to be extremely diligent about the products, the OEM's, the parts, how the lock is fitting, how the slides work, how the rings click, how the finishes feel, the packaging, the assembly, shipping. It's fairly complex and we're "retentive" to put it nicely. Most of our days are on the phone, driving from location to location, double checking with vendors, talking to the thousands of potential "resellers" that send us correspondence, etc. It's no excuse for not being more vocal on the comments section but, we try to be as straightforward as possible in a business that's apparently (and unbeknownst to us initially)... not. So in sum, do send us suggestions, grill us when you can, ask questions and let us know your thoughts, but a quirt email or PM goes much further at the end of the day :) We're working for the benefit of everyone involved, for ourselves a chance to prove we could beat the odds and have a small startup take a product to market, for kickstarter backers to receive an awesome product, and to ourselves for seeing the fruition of an idea :) By all means @larry, we love your suggestions and we mean it from the bottom of our hearts. Thank you larry for your words of wisdom :) You have voiced similar opinions on those issues several times in the past and again, we appreciate your concerns. We're glad we somehow turned you on to the Kickstarter platform, it's a wonderful tool. Our Bitwize affiliates are indeed in Lebanon and we are very proud to have them on our team. They do great design work (web work, concept art). As for the rest, we are working diligently to complete this project. There's a lot to cover and we're doing the best we can to speed things up. Will post more on Friday. Thanks again ;) Hey guys! We're here, we're listening ;) (with emoticons!). We'll have our scheduled update this Friday with the boards and other details. We're cramming right now getting everything put together and we're towards the end of the process. Thanks for your patience. @Alicia @Henry No problem :) Got your info and will look into it asap. Thanks for bearing with us. @Henry That's ok :) Could you try sending your details via Kickstarter PM? @Sam Think he's referring to the serials on the Golden Sample :) The hardware encryption engine is featured on the DataTraveler Vault Privacy edition (Kingston) with a controller by Phison. @Chris That sounds extremely reasonable. Great suggestion! That's a lot more doable and we'll make sure to let backers know to check the comments section every few days in our next official update. ;) @Chris Very true. We will remain vigilant about updating on a weekly or bi-weekly basis. This however may take the form of a smaller update on the comments section (where most of our backers seem to be more engaged) in the event we deem the update unnecessary on the "updates" section. We'll check questions, answering messages/emails as per usual :) There are several avenues for sending out info and engaging our backers and we will use them all appropriately. We messed up royally on the "scheduled" updates. So we'll try to be more vigilant with our timing (only wish you guys could know how retentive some people can be when relying on key information we need for an update!!). We're wrapping a lot of issues up atm and hopefully this won't be an issue for long :) Next 2 updates are pretty much summary updates so let us continue working on getting those ready for everyone! Thanks Chris! @Larry No problem :) Updates will be sent as frequently as possible. Material for said updates are important aspects of this project and represent extensive time and resources. We understand and wholeheartedly agree to providing timely updates when they become available and are deemed important milestones. As a "backer", we appreciate your voice and respect your valuable contribution. We WISH we could be at the screen :D but unfortunately, this project takes up a lot of time and we'd much rather get things done properly so do pardon slight delays in responding to comments. Drop us an email when you think we need a sit-down (we read them and listen very well). Keep it up, you're one of the more seriously attuned backers and we love hearing your opinion! Many thanks in advance! Hey guys. "Woah". @Larry, we'll update everyone as to that information precisely when we can. We can't compare our product or our campaign to other Kickstarter campaigns. Every company has it's own way of doing things and different obstacles to overcome. We understand that our "people skills" aren't that great (we're trying though!) however we can't be glued to the comments sections 24/7 when we're trying to wrap things up. Also, posting 4-5 times consecutively isn't the best way to get a point across. A simple email will suffice. We do appreciate all the advice that comes our way but we will be updating and providing material based on how we see fit. @Sam @Chris: We will announce ETA's when that is possible to announce. We have a unique product that requires much more mechanical accuracy than most other products and we won't rush the manufacturers. @Tim, thank you for the kind words :) Cheer up guys, we're working as fast as we can. @Zach The keyring feature will be part of the total package and will not cost anything additional. The pouch however will be an accessory. Also, we'll try to get the packaging samples up. They're pretty cool and were worked on by a German packaging company. Keep the questions coming guys! but do keep in mind we're not sitting idly by the screen, we love offering all the info we have on hand but we won't post info just for the sake of it. Thanks again! @Yuhann, Thank you for your diligence. We apologize frequently for our delays and appreciate our backers for being patient and keeping us on track ;) Too bad we're going to lose you as a backer, you have interesting opinions. Thanks again! @Sam Yeah it was kind of odd, we hadn't noticed it till you brought it up actually. They do however do certain stress tests, we doubt it's anything serious. The Golden Sample is provided to show the GUI interface, it's quite meaningless other than that. The 1260 Kickstarter boards are all in pristine condition so we're happy with that :) @Larry Funny you should mention, Sam had the same question from one of his bloggers on his site. We forwarded the question on to Kingston for a potential explanation. We're not exactly sure what kind of marks they are but the rest don't have them so they obviously did some sort of testing on the Golden Sample before shipping it out. As for your other question: we're greatly enjoying the opportunity to work on this project using your collective pledges (and a lot of our own too!) - so yes! :) We won't be posting another large update till we are ready to upload the videos and give a final ETA. We should also have the final version of the Key-ring/pouch right about next update time so hopefully those will go up as well. Hang in there guys, we're at the home stretch and it's crunch time! @Yuhann That process was addressed "several" times; you've had direct contact with us over email and PM several times as well. This issue will not be addressed over comments as we have stated multiple times; is not the correct venue. Out of curiosity, have you checked your junk-mail for @amazon.com correspondence? It's a simple issue that has come up with several former backers? Do kindly let us know in PM/email as you have before. Thank you for your understanding. @Sam Is it the color scheme? @Chris, DEFINITELY got it :) We are however interested in multiple opinions before we offer any new choices to everyone. Aside from the aforementioned, anything else you think could be improved upon? @Yuhann We get messages and they are processed just as they are with every other backer. AGAIN: We don't control some systems. Commenting on a social platform as to issues that do not pertain to the subject matter of that forum/platform result in flagged spam, a waste of your own personal time, and the same answer with respect to the questions at hand: a little patience goes a long way :) Will "re"look into it np. Thanks for your understanding. . @Larry,Sam: Thought we decided on Fridays? :D We'll post as soon as we have anything additional though no worries. @Larry: Still waiting for your response after "taking it all in". Where's our feedback guys?! @Chris&Larry LOL! The funny thing about that entire thread was that roughly 12 people get push notifications to phone/computer/tablets every time a comment is posted haha! :P Update is up and thanks guys for keeping the mood light! It gets really stressful and well, we appreciate it and appreciate all your tips. Tell us what you think of the interface! @Sam No apologies needed :) We're all on the same team here and we're all doing our part (even our backers!) to keep the momentum going. Hey guys, long day (still not over). Update will go through tonight as planned. Everyone was o.o.o and we apologize no one could immediately respond to backer comments. Golden Sample/Gui pics will be posted in a few hours. @Zach Port City Group is a manufacturing group that works mainly with Ford/Chrysler-types (not a real port lol); they are currently responsible for milling duties. On that note, 77k worth of boards would never be shipped via ship and require special precautions as to storage (correlated directly to the extreme value). @Larry On the way! @Sam We agree too, but we really are actually working almost round the clock; big responsibility and a lot of logistics work. Coming right up! @Sam No worries. Unfortunately we didn't get a call back this evening. We'll have those GUI/Sample pics up within the next 24 hours (will go through as a direct email so no need to check back) :) Thanks for the suggestions! Thanks :) Hope is one of those things we've learned (no thanks to Kickstarter) not to rely on too much! We hope we get all the info we need! Will let everyone know in a bit. Hey guys! We're waiting on a few details from Port City Group on the ETA's. Hopefully we should get a final invoice from them and an ETA (we were hoping that would have been done by tonight). In the event it goes through, we will be posting the update as scheduled, if not, we think we might delay that update till tomorrow. Will keep everyone posted on the comments section either way! (Thanks CB for giving us a reminder!) @Chris That's all thanks to you guys for keeping everything in check :) Thanks for everything guys! @Sam Unboxing :) Hey guys! . We will be postponing the general update until Tuesday (8pm EST). Boards are in transit and will be going through customs Monday morning. (VERY EXCITING!!). It's been a long time coming and we know everyone is anxious! Do stay tuned these next few days as quite a few details will emerge as to the units. As always, feel free to drop us a line with your questions/comments anytime. Have a great weekend everyone! @Chris Thanks! It's not as dramatic as it sounds lol but updates are updates :) @Chris Definitely not just you! We didn't want to send 2 updates a day after the other, the Golden Sample + GUI shots will be going out with the general update around 8pm EST. Sorry about the confusion but it's really hectic around here right now. Stay tuned! (Send us a message and tell us to get a move on tomorrow!) :) @Juts Yes we have thank you for double checking. ;) @Sam No worries :) All in a day's work! @Chris, we are located in Michigan (U.S) so that would be 8:00pm EST (GMT -5) ;) Till then! @Josh not a problem and thank you for your support! It helps us get things done more efficiently when we have the right info ;) Take care and many thanks! @JuTs (Note: You gave us the wrong email as it was not the email on the initial transaction. Kindly check the receipt on the email you sent and verify the transaction went through). Thanks again. @JuTs No need to be angry, direct transfers should go through in a few hours. Though again, we wont be communicating on the matter via comments as we've posted several times. Do kindly let us know as to the status once Amazon has sent you a confirmation. Thanks again! @Sam We''ll be posting the pics for the Golden Sample and a small walkthrough of the new GUI today. The unboxing of the boards SHOULD be posted Friday. In the event we are not able to have that up, we will be posting a general update on Friday regardless as there are a few things of note. Sorry for not posting so quickly! We're so swamped right now but we're on it! :) @Larry On it. We have 70k worth of PCBA that's being tested. Needless to say no one is idle ATM though it's 3AM. @Chris we agree too :) though we thought we'd listen to Chris and do updates every Friday like he suggested since he obviously knew what he was talking about. Gives us time to do our jobs as well as the opportunity to give a meaningful post on a weekly basis. BRB! @Josh Thanks :) Really appreciate it, and again, pardon the delay while we sorted things out for you. @Sam The Golden Sample was perfect! Dimensions were just perfect, functionality par-none and the GUI is beautiful. Those screenshots will be posted ASAP! Thanks guys! @Josh That should be taken care of within the next 36 hours. If you could drop us a line when it goes through we'd appreciate it! @Larry Lol! When we get essential parts like this, we typically run it through the entire unit to make ABSOLUTELY SURE that its 110% perfect. Which means, for the past weekend, not a wink! This is after-all a very VERY precise lock. Your comment was meant to be constructive so there's definitely no need to verify anything :) We know you mean well from the amazing email you sent with all the suggestions. We'll post media the minute we're done running the unit through properly. Small Update . The PCBA Golden Sample was received at our offices from our PCBA vendor yesterday! Wohoo! We've been running it through inspection most of the night and everything looks just perfect. We'll be posting some screen shots of the GUI and the Login Process in a little bit. Looks better than before! We'll let everyone know whats going on shortly. . @Sam Will forward your request on, no worries. @Everyone thanks for the support! We got a ton of emails this last week from various backers expressing their support and continued dedication to this project and we REALLY REALLY appreciate it! Thanks again! We're pretty happy with our PCBA vendors :) They make the best PCBA hardware the world-over. It's also the largest investment in the project too! We're fairly anxious at their arrival but we have a confirmation for "end of April", they're usually fairly punctual! We'll take a few pics and a short video of the unboxing :D @Sam We should have the boards April 30th as per our understanding. We have not yet received the Golden Sample yet, we might be getting it today/tomorrow :D Keep your fingers crossed! @Martin Someone hasn't been getting updates! :D We're doing our best to have the units sent out according to the new strategy. We're posting updates rather frequently and you're always welcome to drop us a line for additional information. Thanks! Trust us when we say this: We're definitely waiting by the darn door! :D @Sam We're supposed to get the Golden Sample with the new GUI's any minute now! Main boards will be arrive on the 30th. We'll do a little unboxing for everyone :D @Juts We have updated the few backers that have had difficulty with their refunds quite frequently. Those refunds that for some reason had problems were issued cash transfers via Amazon (not refunds on existing transactions, but direct transfers), those were initiated yesterday. You should be getting a confirmation in the next 48 hours or so. We don't make the rules on these things but we understand the frustration. We obviously get your emails as we corresponded with you directly, if you have additional questions kindly drop us a line :) Thanks in advance. @Chris: Sounds like a plan! Hopefully though, we won't need to keep that up for too long. We're almost towards the end of the project! @Larry, Chris: You guys make very valid points that we have taken to heart. Having scheduled updates makes a lot of sense now that we think about it. Friday 8pm EST sounds like a fairly good time for that. @Larry: We try SO hard to keep up with everyone. Our updates are usually self explanatory when it comes to what we're up to and where we stand. We do however acknowledge a huge "void" if you will when it comes to communication. We're trying a lot harder to make customer support and updating a higher priority. We give lengthy explanations to backers requesting refunds a little more verbosity on the simple fact that, 6 backers as of right now are making up 90% or so of our correspondence. It's very taxing at times and distracting from our time that would otherwise be spent working for the majority :s We'll try to pick up the slack when it comes to speedier updates, if you have a few pointers (as you seem to know what you're talking about), perhaps you wouldn't mind dropping us a few pointers via msg? We'd really appreciate it! @Chris, Thank you for the kind words! @Everyone We're waiting for our PCBA Golden Sample to arrive via FedEx and it should be here any time now. Manufacturing quotes for the re-milling are being generated and we will definitely let everyone know whats going on the moment we have word. Thanks for your support guys! . IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR THE FEW BACKERS THAT HAVE YET TO RECEIVE REFUNDS As it seems you guys have had some apparent difficulty with Amazon, we will be refunding you via DIRECT TRANSFERS to your Amazon accounts. This is not a refund of a previous transaction but a credit to your accounts. This will be conducted tonight through tomorrow. We have had to wait for your discrepancies with Amazon to be voided in order not to be charged twice (once for a regular refund, once for sending you a direct payment). We understand this has been frustrating however we had no control over the process. Please stay tuned. Please note: We do NOT use Paypal and all credits will be issued to the emails associated with the original Amazon transactions we have on record. If you wish for this to be changed (your email/Amazon Account), drop us a line with your new details and kindly request it in writing to <email> . Thanks again everyone!! Definitely not the right venue lol. @Josh you might want to check your junkmail :) Regardless, the few backers that have had issues with their refunds will be getting direct transfers to their desired Amazon accounts today through Monday. (No, we don't have a corporate PayPal account). @Everyone, we got the PCBA Golden Sample today!! We should have screen shots and GUI shots pretty soon! We'll be getting the rest of the 1100 some odd boards later this week (end of April!). Hey guys! Not radio silence at all, just really really busy trying to orchestrate everything so that nothing is missed! Detail is everything and we want our first unit to be absolutely perfect! @Sam, noted. Expect an email in the next few days. @Anyone who has had problems with Amazon: We will be sending out direct wire transfers from our Amazon accounts to yours as this has seriously taken long enough. Emails will be sent out today/tomorrow requesting which emails you would like us to send funds to. Thanks everyone for tuning in, we'll try to keep everyone update properly once we have "concrete" dates :) @Larry A few team members sniffled at that :D Thanks for your support. @Noam do you have any idea how ridiculous it sounds that you filed a refund request from Amazon directly, along with roughly a dozen other backers, (whom have all been serviced by Amazon directly) - whom later requested we post comments on their behalf (see the comments thread below) - and after continuous messages and posts requesting the 4-5 odd backers that seemed to have done something wrong; kindly take their personal financial issues to a proper venue (i.e messaging) - you still don't seem to understand that requests sent to Amazon are handled by Amazon? We understand that Kickstarter/Amazon payments is an odd payment method; but we can't stress this enough: WE CANT DIRECTLY CONTROL HOW REFUNDS ARE ISSUED. You request them with Amazon, we get a notification - That's about it. This will literally be the last public post on this issue - Backers requiring additional attention to their personal finances kindly take it to direct messages (as the dozen or so have done so previously without any problems). @JuTs That's truly odd! We get mails and messages from hundreds of backers without issue. We'll send you a personal msg here on Kickstarter see if that goes through. @Brent No need to worry. As with the other backers, your request is being processed accordingly. We do apologize for the time however, again, this is not something we ourselves control. Kindly do let us know if and when Amazon sends you your confirmation as other backers have done. Hey guys! Lets not get too carried away (looking at you Larry haha :D) Hope you guys had a great weekend. We're waiting on a final ETA quote from our milling partners today, hopefully we can post to everyone which alloy series we went with and if or if not the Micro-Arc Oxidation is going to be possible. Hang in there guys, we're finalizing the little details and we should be done with this phase this week. @Larry: think you can do one without the scary backdrop? :D Hey guys, we are posting the following on behalf of two of our previous backers: . Sasha says: . Hi, Since I am no longer a backer on this project, I was hoping you could post this in the comments section for the project: . "I submitted my request for refund with Amazon through the disputes method on 3/30. It was approved on 4/2 and the refund posted to my credit card several days later, with a posting date of 4/3. To everyone expecting a refund: you should get it, it took an additional few days for my credit card to post the refund and they post-dated it. . To Cryptrade and everyone sticking it out: Good luck with the continuation of the project and I hope these units reach their deposition phase change and ship soon!" . Thanks, -Sasha . Also the following: . dim3m says: . Hi Cryptrade, Please share this to others regarding refunds. I request/ my dispute with amazon on the refund. I got the confirmation email on the next day. And within 5 days, the amount i pledged ($200) has returned to my bank account. I am no longer a backer but still believe Cryptrade are hard working people and are trying hard to make things right. I suggest to those who are trying to request refunds is to go through Amazon first then just private email Cryptrade. . dim3m . Hope that helps guys :) Thanks everyone for the kind words. Enjoy your weekends! Guys seriously, if you have any concerns of a personal nature, kindly send an email or a message. We've processed dozens of requests and there haven't been any issues when directions are followed. This board is seriously not the place to be discussing personal private financial information. It has been covered in several posts, several updates, and discussed at length in comments. When you request a refund from Amazon directly, they send us a message of the request and they process them. We really have no say how they do it or how long it takes them. Hope that helps. @Noam. Again, as with everyone that had requested a refund, the processing was done. We have received the notification from Amazon that you asked them for a refund (again, you asked AMAZON for a refund). We're fairly certain they will get back to you when the issue is resolved and notify you as to that transaction. We have just received yet another message from you, and as before, we will forward it on to Amazon payments. Thank you. @Ben I think we've said this several times in comments, updates, etc. "All refund requests were processed" You should be getting an email from Amazon and that if you require any further information, kindly send us an email at <email> or a personal message as this is definitely not the right place to be discussing personal financial matters. @Everyone have a great Easter weekend! Hey guys! just wanted to wish everyone a happy Easter weekend! :) This is going to be a busy upcoming week! Anyone that is still having any trouble with Amazon kindly drop us a line. Have a great one ;) Thanks Sam :) Thank you all actually! Lets show the world what Kickstarter is all about. Funding is great, but between us, our partners, and our backers, we truly have a unique source of ingenuity, expertise, and passion that could take this from just an interesting concept to something far beyond initial expectations. Any backers wishing to shed some insight or lending a hand is absolutely more than welcome to. @Marty Thank you for that :) We've refrained from quoting Kickstarter TOS for a while. We've always felt we were well within our working guidelines but alas, we understand the frustration. With respect to help: We're currently getting ETA quotes from one of our CNC vendors. We're discussing material options (various alloys), mainly 6000 series aluminum with slightly higher magnesium concentrations. A backer suggested that for time, we might engage another potential vendor to crank out some of the units to divide workloads (this we liked). Anyone into manufacturing have a reputable source? We look for extremely well equipped vendors with an outstanding client-base. Anyone think they might have someone please do share :) Also, if we have any material engineers on board: we're looking into Micro-Arc Oxidation for the black units. Any thoughts? Hey guys, we can understand the sense of urgency to get this project wrapped up but please try not to direct comments or issues with one-another. We're all a part of this project and we all hope for the best. Though we really do appreciate backers that have taken a personal interest in the project as well as backers taking their time to voice their opinions, lets keep it constructive ;) Everyone is entitled to their opinion and we're proud of each and every backer. This project needs a little dose of support from everyone and your understanding & patience will do way more to allow us to complete this project as it truly deserves. Thanks all @Anyone that has requested a refund: Refund requests were processed. In the even they were sent to Amazon, they were definitely processed. Kindly give them the required time to process the transaction. We don't pretend to know why they require this amount of time however, we do know that it goes through :) #Correction (From David Kickbusch) :D Hey guys, a forward from one of our former backers: . My refund from Amazon Payments has been credited to my account. It took approximately 5 days after I received notification from Amazon via the dispute process. Hang in there, it will come through. I'm sure Cryptrade will make good on their promise. . Thanks everyone for your continued patience. Again, if anyone has any questions or concerns with respect to their accounts, questions, or just generally want to have a chat, drop us a line :) @JuTe If it was sent to Amazon, then its 100% received. We gave Amazon directions to process any request sent their way. Apparently though they take their time but if anyone feels they need a confirmation, kindly drop us a line. @David, all refund requests were processed.. the majority of the refunds went out on Monday, there are a few more however this process occurs with Amazon and not with us. They tend to take 3-10 business days to process a request. Getting our attention via msg regarding personal financial matters is the correct way to go about doing that. We have submitted your request and we're fairly certain Amazon will get back to you when it has been processed as they have with the other backers. @Mark We don't have delays processing refunds, it's a matter of forwarding the request to Amazon, we sent you a wire basically and not a voided transaction (hence the reason you can still comment). Backers requesting refunds are kindly asked to address their comments and concerns via email or personal msg. Every request that has been sent has been processed, in the event additional information was required, we have contacted those specific backers to provide additional information. :) Hope that helps. Uh oh! Just a friendly reminder to everyone: Your feedback, time, support, (collective opinions); make Kickstarter a great platform for development, research, polling, etc. *kindly* keep it clean guys :) We're all in this together and constructive opinions will always be the best way to move forward with everything. Hey guys! Material selection is being HOTLY debated right now with our engineering teams. We've also been in talks with KY Manufacturing in MI. We're negotiating the final details at this very moment and hopefully be updating everyone as soon as they give us the green-light. Not a problem :) We do have a request in your name and it was submitted to Amazon. You should be getting an email from them in the next few days. Thanks for your patience :) @Josh Most of the backers requesting an refund have received an email from Amazon. We were told that this process takes anywhere from 3-10 Business days. Kindly drop us a line via message or email at <email> as the comments section is not the best way to get our attention on personal financial issues ;) @Mark Funny you should mention that! The original designer of the CRXi Vault has been 'tinkering' around with a new project :) You guys will obviously be the first to know if we put anything out there! Thanks again for your kind words, we can honestly say that this process has been an EXTREMELY unique learning experience and we're glad for the opportunity. Hey guys, we got a private message from David Kickbusch requesting we post this on his behalf as he cannot post on the comments section anymore: . "I received notification from amazon payments today of a refund. An actual transaction has not appeared in my bank as of yet. I believe that will follow shortly. I wish Cryptrade and the USB the best of luck. The best AES USB drive EVAH!!" . Thank you Mr. Cryptrade. . You're most welcome David :) It's the thought that counts and your support meant a lot to us! @Mark Less a reboot than some serious and important decision making. We don't like to lose backers under any circumstances however we have an obligation to the majority and they have been quite supportive and highly understanding by way of lending their time, suggestions, and even expertise in some instances :) We've got a solid product, excellent partners, great vendors, and an amazing backer pool. Re-milling will commence this week, the new boards are en-route and we're more dedicated than ever to get this product launched. We're very optimistic and we really look forward to the next few weeks. Thanks for the kind words! @David Most project are re-done due to unsuccessfully achieving their funding goals. We have a lot of support and we have an awesome backer pool and are actively helping us develop this project and we are confident with the end result. Though the delays are inconvenient and sometimes frustrating, we are keeping in with the Kickstarter spirit and we're proud of what we have all achieved. There is a lot of behind-the-scenes work involved in launching a product and you don't just give in when times get rough. You stick around, work things out, remain dedicated, and above all, work REALLY hard! :) We value our backers and we want them to get the best units possible. If this means having to deal with a few sleepless nights, branching out our vendor network or seeking our backers assistance, we're all for it and will remain dedicated to each and every one. Hope that helps ;) @Mark A lot of backers have different names on their Amazon/Kickstarter accounts. The only secure way to do it was through Amazon. This issue has been taken care of. You were not the only person to receive a refund directly. Of the 20 some odd refund requests, roughly half were processed via direct transfer. The remaining backers (having sent messages via Amazon as opposed to disputing the transaction) are being processed by Amazon. 5 backers sent us requests via Kickstarter and we have since requested they provide their proper details so that we may get on with this process. If anyone needs to address a specific concern with respect to their accounts, kindly drop us a message or email. Thanks again :) @David Refunds via Amazon have been processed :) You guys should be getting messages by Amazon in the next few days. As for the 5 backers that requested refunds but didn't provide any information, we have requested that they provide their transaction ID's (mainly because we can't view email information from kickstarter and some backers have different kickstarter aliases than what they have on their Amazon accounts). Regardless, all requests have been properly initiated. Hey guys, just a mini update on a few issues. We've found what we think is the fastest route to re-milling as well as a material solution that we think is going to make everyone really excited. With respect to the backers that have requested refunds, we have confirmation from Amazon that they should be completed within the next 3 working days. We should have a full official update out tomorrow. Have a great weekend everyone! @David No problem :) It's being formulated in chart form. We mainly went by 2 factors: Actual votes and then opinions and concerns (pros and cons). We're going to go with a solution to address both situations. Not 100% confirmed but we're thinking of going with a non 6000 series aluminum alloy (more a novelty alloy) that will give us the finishes we want, the speed we need, and the close tolerances that we require. We're also creating a web-form for backers that want to verify their refunds (a lot of backers asked for a refund then backed out). The few backers that have requested refunds from Amazon we handled directly with Amazon. That has been taken care of earlier this morning. Backers that "requested" a refund by sending us a message from Amazon, have also been taken care of. Confirmation emails will be sent from Amazon directly. What remains were those backers that may have sent messages on the comments section or via Kickstarter message. They have been submitted to Amazon and will receive emails accordingly directly from Amazon. Hey guys. To answer a few questions: With respect to refunds: A back-and-forth went through between ourselves, Kickstarter, and Amazon. Amazon has found a simply solution to speed this up and you guys can either send us a message, an email, send Amazon a message to be sent to us, or dispute the transaction. All refund requests in the past are being processed and you should get an email from Amazon within the next 3 business days. With respect to the CNC milling/new material debate: Backers have voiced their opinions and we think we've found an extremely interesting solution. We are speaking with the engineers at J Marc to see if we can use this method. It will cover all the main issues being covered, namely: finishes, heft, tight tolerances, durability, and more importantly, speed. An update with the official response will be posted and we want everyone comfortable with the solution. Thanks for your patience. Backers that have asked for a refund have been taken care of and will be notified shortly. @Sasha We're game for making the best unit possible :) Do you know of any great satin finishes for stainless? We know it can be treated for fingerprints (like on many stainless refrigerators) and it does offer some really great tensile strength, any thoughts? @David We don't control how a transaction is refunded. In most cases we get a message from Amazon stating a backer asked for a refund. That's usually how it goes. As Kickstarter and Amazon have some private agreement, we see the transactions yet we can't intervene (usually there's a "refund" action next to each item if you are an Amazon vendor). In this case we can openly say the Kickstarter platform leaves project curators with a minimal set of tools to deal with these types of situations. Though we can say however, that refunds are processed and Amazon is usually really good at customer service. In any event, backers that choose not to remain backers should take their concerns to a proper venue such as a direct message or email as the comments section is not the appropriate place to discuss these issues. As for the voting, it's not just about who wants what; lot of backers don't really know which is the best material or have no specific preference. Others are adamant about a specific look or feel. Our job is to create the best solution for everyone involved. Going through all the messages, feedback, and comments, it's fairly clear there are advantages and disadvantages to either process. We could just as easily CNC mill aluminum rings with stainless steel or magnesium alloy inner components for strength. We could use Grivory as a base and carbon fiber rings. What we find right now is that backers were drawn to the initial apple-esque look of anodized aluminum yet the softness of the material is somewhat to be debated. One very interesting suggestion was to use micro-arc oxidation for the black models (we loved that suggestion). In the event we are going to go the CNC route again, we might want to take a look at some newer finishes available recently. We feel strongly that this turning point in this project will eventually lead to a much more refined product and we encourage any backer with any suggestions to voice their opinions. Positive and constructive comments will get units in the hands of everyone much faster and we're here to make sure that this project is the best it can be. You guys make some really valid points and we're tallying up the general consensus here. We've had a few "REALLY" helpful backers make some very interesting suggestions. The main dilemma of re-milling is the time problem. Some backers are willing to wait others are simply exhausted with waiting. Though both techniques have their advantages, we're looking out for the interest of the majority. Though we haven't announced this publicly just yet, backers have chosen and we will cater to their wishes at all costs. We always treat the Kickstarter units separate from any commercial unit we might potentially released in the future. A backer has suggested that milling the units with different companies might drastically speed up this process. Other backers have suggested that Grivory is a far superior material for this type of work (and MUCH more expensive contrary to what some backers might be thinking). CNC milling requires minimal tooling (though in all fairness, its not a simple process either), whilst injection molding requires CNC milled "tools" that are extremely expensive to produce. Our main priority is getting the best unit out possible. It has to function flawlessly, looks incredibly sharp, and present a level of craftsmanship that cannot currently be bought. Though the loss of any backer regardless of what they pledged deeply saddens us, we started the project on Kickstarter to get feedback on a model that we otherwise would have had to mass-produce. We will continue to offer all of our backers our undivided attention. Some decisions we make along the way may be wholly different from what our backers expect and at the end of the day, we're here to get a job done and make everyone happy. We will definitely be involving you guys a lot more in the next few days with key decisions and we're confident now more than ever that there is indeed a huge amount of support for this project. Where we fall short we're fairly certain our (thankfully!) large backer pool will let us know and pitch in when necessary. We'd like to thank the countless backers that sent us emails with suggestions/tips and we hope you guys keep the spirit up. For backers that we have disappointed, our deepest and sincerest apologies. We will allow this voting process to continue for a few more hours before we reach a final decision. We will be requesting a few more polls from our backers this weekend and we hope you guys stay tuned; your feedback is most important. Thanks again everyone! Hey guys, Just to clarify, you can always send us a message or email. You can also do it via your own Amazon accounts. We've had backers on Dec 25th do it that way and they go through without a hitch. We can issue refunds too (namely, we do a transfer from our Amazon account to yours). The only problem with that is that your registered Kickstarter emails are not always the same emails used for the Amazon accounts and then we'd have to request that the backer ask for a refund directly from Amazon. In any event, we get notifications either way and they are processed accordingly. The deal with Amazon and Kickstarter slightly complicates the normal vendor refund situation (namely, we don't have a refund button like a normal vendor would). You're welcome to go through us via personal msg on Kickstarter, email, or Amazon directly. Regardless, they are processed accordingly. Hey guys. We contacted Amazon on behalf of the few backers that wished to ask for a refund. From what we understand with the Amazon agreement with Kickstarter that "refunds" are not issued as they normally would if for example, the unit was being sold on Amazon.com. What instead should be done form your Amazon account is a "dispute" of non receipt of goods. As for Jim/Davids comments, Bitwize is a design firm and partners for Cryptrade Inc. As are Slingshot Product Development Group, S&B Assets and Safford & Baker PLLC. We also deal with J Marc Engineering as well as GPI Prototyping. Our PCBA board suppliers are Kingston with encryption controllers by Phison. We're tallying up how many backers are pro the new material and those who are not. A final decision on the matter will most likely be reached in the next 24 hours or so. Thanks for your feedback guys! Hey guys. After all the "grab ye torches and pitchforks" we've been putting together an update answering most of the questions being voiced. Stay tuned and thank you all for your feedback. @David Backers that have received refunds will still be registered as backers on the project. We have contacted Kickstarter and they have explained that a backer cannot be removed regardless of any change in backer status. @Mark We have sent in our previous updates as to the procedures for requesting a refund (i.e send us a message here or via <email>). A refund was issued and Amazon has sent the appropriate transaction ID associated with the transaction. We would recommend that any other backer that needs to discuss their personal financial information via private message or email as the comments section is not the proper venue. @Mark Your refund was processed. We don't control that Amazon does (you may also simply ask for a refund via your Amazon account if the time-frame is the issue). And the idea of not finishing the project and collecting on funds is just plain silly. As interesting as it is to stipulate, fraud is not even remotely a possible. Backers wishing to refute a purchase with Amazon may do so and there are no timelines for such a dispute. Credit card companies also do the same thing. We're held liable for every dollar amount sent our way by Amazon (not to mention the IRS). We understand it's frustrating however any backer wishing to discontinue support may do so at anytime. As for making a CRXi Vault unit via standard prototyping, you have our blessings ;) CAD drawings may be provided upon a formal request and signing of an NDA and letter of intent. Though from our own experience, it would run around 6500-8500 depending on the finish you would use. We would also suggest GPI prototyping based in Chicago (they do some great work) but be wary, professional prototyping companies tend to consider their work proprietary and will not offer photographs of the manufacturing process. We understand there's general frustration with the delay and we recommend anyone that feels unable to continue to wait patiently to either contact us with their Amazon transaction ID's where we will submit to Amazon a refund or they may do so directly from their own accounts if they would like to submit a dispute directly to Amazon. Other than that, we're working on getting everything completed in the fastest amount of time possible. @Jim - FYI, only backers are allowed to comment on a project comments section. :) @Brent Thank you sir :) Your continued confidence and kind words are very motivating to say the least. One thing many of our international backers don't seem to realize is that as an American company having received funds via Amazon/Kickstarter (both American), have responsibilities and legal obligations to complete this project (this is actually one of the main reasons that Kickstarter is currently only available to American companies/individuals). Why? Simply put, our Amazon accounts are tied to bank accounts, Social Security numbers, and personal credit. Now one one had we really do feel with all of our backers with respect to the delay and we'd love nothing more than to "quite the storm" (we mean that quite literally) with a few pictures here and there, however there are many other considerations to keep into account. We cannot simply take 989 backers' funds and not follow through, that's simply not possible as we are held personally responsible and accountable for the entire project. Keeping the moral side of the equation on the side, it's simply professional suicide for an amount of funds hardly worth potential litigation/ incarceration :) We know some of our backers are feeling a bit anxious about getting some more information (not to mention their units!) however, let's try to remain constructive throughout this process and at least logical. Though it saddens us to lose any backer whom pledged not only their funds but also their initial confidence in our project, our refund policy is sufficient enough to quell even the most doubtful. We have been delayed several times with no fault of our own other than our apparent lack of foresight and experience with the whole manufacturing process (kind of the reason we used the Kickstarter platform in the first place as it was designed for these tolerances) and we really are doing everything we can to finish what we started. We simply suggest that any backer that feels that they are unsatisfied with the delays, feel our project is fictitious, or would rather back another project, to request a refund of their initial funding. We've been in contact with several other project curators that have launched during/before our own time-frame with similar ETA's and expectations and have found that in general we are faring similarly in terms of real world results. Needless to say our unit requires a lot of attention with respect to manufacturing/engineering as we are dealing with a product aimed at security. We can't rush this guys and we have an obligation to quality that other projects simply cannot compare to. Important updates that are deemed necessary will go out in due course. Photographs and additional information will be provided when made available. We are always easily contactable and are usually really good at getting back to anyone regardless of the issue. We remind anyone that hasn't taken note of how to contact us to do so via Kickstarter messaging or at <email> for anything from a personal request, a question or concern, to catching up on some inside goodness :) Cheer up guys! You've funded quite literally the most successful USB launch in terms of sheer international exposure and we're proud of everything we've accomplished. We've had a few bumps in the road and for that we apologize sincerely. We hope you guys remain with us and your support and commitment mean more to us than you know. @Nathan When it was stated that our "programmers teams time" I was referring to my own and my partners time (which we don't get paid for) :) And our unrealistic dates were not only realistic, but tangible as we funded most of this project initially with our own capital. We really had no idea that a company from the 80's was going to claim rights to a name, although similar to our own, from an outdated HP / Cisco re-branded fax machine and would mean redoing the work we had already done. Now we don understand there is quite a bit of frustration with respect to shipping, we're continuing to do what we set out to do from day one. This may mean giving from our own time, finances, technicality, etc. A promise is a promise however we will finish what we started and make the best product we can. @Gerry Altman - THANK YOU! :) We know its extremely frustrating to fund a project and have to deal with delays and the occasional set-back and for this; your patience, kind words, support, and encouragement is MUCH appreciated! We knew from the start that tackling this type of launch was potentially very daunting however we were confident at least that we would remain steadfast and dedicated to making the best unit we possibly could. A thousand "omg - thank you'z" from the entire team! We're working round-the-clock and the encouragement is much appreciated. @Chris The password management team was done in-house and did not cost anything other than our programming teams time :) Though some people weren't aware that they were going to receive this unique reward, it is clearly spelled out under the reward "Pledge $1 or more". We are obligated to provide this reward just as we were obligated to prepare the music track and the CRXi Vault unit. As for shipping, stay tuned to our updates we'll be informing everyone as to where we stand. @Larry You make quite a few valid points however we do feel we are being truly transparent and we sure know we're working overtime to get everything done properly and up to our standards. We've also backed quite a few projects on Kickstarter. We don't however feel it necessary to update backers with half-prepared prototypes and pictures of us goofing around to keep backers engaged; we find the practice distasteful and we'd rather focus our efforts on getting everything done and making sure the units are as beautiful as they were designed. We also feel strongly that we respond to all forms of communication in a timely manner and that we post updates when necessary. Yes there have been delays, and of course we do apologize and hold ourselves accountable to providing the best units we can. We'll be posting a few updates very soon and we appreciate your patience. Our main priority is providing our backers with the most unique and well made USB device on the market and we're dead-set on doing just that. :) Thanks for your feedback, we do appreciate it and we all deeply appreciate your continued patience. @Harry Sorry about that, #CORRECTION TAA compliant not TSA compliant. As laid out by the Trade Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. & 2501-2581) (TAA) as we are manufactured and assembled in the U.S. @Sam We will be sending out an update fairly soon. @Everyone that has been using the password management system: We LOVE your comments and suggestions! Thank you for the kind reception and kinder words! Keep them coming! @David Touching base on the main points: The CRXi Vault is TSA compliant (being made and assembled in the U.S - even the PCBA boards are made State-side). We have not used our Twitter or Facebook pages as they are currently carrying the old branding. New pages will be implemented (we're basically obligated to anyways). We were never sued in the first place :) Had we taken the request to a court of law, odds were definitely in our favor however we decided to use diplomacy to resolve the issue peacefully and respectfully (which, we have done so). With respect to negative comments: We have negative comments ourselves (as we are essentially backers too!), and we respect all opinions and concerns that come our way (well, the constructive ones at least :). We're fairly well along in where we stand and we feel we are absolutely doing our best to provide an outstanding product. @Maro We hear you and we're doing the best we can to get everyone their rewards. Though the CRXi Vault is the main reward of this project, we are still obligated to provide and dedicate our resources on everything promised. It is both a legal obligation as well as a moral one. We do most certainly apologize for the delays however we are working nonstop to provide everyone with what they deserve. @Brent (again!): Thank you for that. We will make sure that the issue is resolved when viewing on iPad devices. We're glad that you picked up on the glitch! @Brent Haha@ Kickstarter default :D Our sessions currently automatically terminate on iOS devices once you leave the page. The "Keep Me Logged In" option is more browser oriented! Thanks for bringing that to our attention! @Ben @Dauzon You can actually log into the page on any iOS device and click on the little text bubble that appears to get an app-like icon straight on your device wall! It works pretty much like a full-page app and as Dauzon has replied, ful HTML5 compatibility means everything should work just fine on your iOS device. Thanks! @William Much appreciated! The User Agreement and Privacy Policy were indeed highly debated subjects and VERY important to us. We have Randy Safford to thank for the thoroughness and we're very lucky to have him and his law firm on our team! With whats going around on the internet about privacy concerns (looking at you Google!) it was a high priority to safeguard everyone's information and protect it at well above standard levels. Thank you very much for the kind words! :) @Neil We're glad you enjoyed it! We'll be constantly updating as we go along based on everyone's feedback so hopefully it will look even better! As for using different services: there are quite a few options out there for storing/saving passwords. We liked a lot of features of different websites and various apps however there were always "things" missing, and we don't like the idea of having locally saved information. We find that the service was a great starting point as there are 2 different passwords for the CRXi Vault and eventually having a well developed service for storing that information would spare the end-user the hassle of having to ship us back a unit in case they forgot their password. After it was decided to provide the service, we decided to go all-out on a complete option that could unify the encrypted password management service. With your help we are quite confident we will be able to knock out one of the best password management systems the world-over! @Dim3m Thanks for the kind words :) We're using 256-bit AES encrypted databases on a dedicated U.S server. We will update our "about" page with details as to the host and their security measures. Also, 256-bit GeoTrust certified SSL encryption is used for all data transmissions. All databases are currently fully encrypted based on the information you choose during the registration process and we do not store any information unencrypted nor do we have access to unencrypted databases. With respect to the secondary email: that is definitely something we may look into, thank you for the wonderful suggestion. @Dauzon, thank you very much! :) We're glad you like it and hope you find it useful! @Tatsu Glad we could help :) We'll be updating everyone fairly soon. Thanks again! @Sam Thank you :) We just sent out a mini-update; we'll be posting another one fairly soon. Hey guys, stay tuned for your emails in just a little bit. Keep in mind that backers wishing to change their shipping information may do so directly from their profiles! @Ahmad Thank you for the kind words and support! You made our month! We will certainly been looking into the matter after your suggestions and will find the most suitable situation for all of your backers local and international. Thanks for the comment! @Julesdenham We most certainly have addressed the issue and an email was sent to your inbox. Typical Amazon payments processing times for such requests take approximately 10-14 Business days and you will be notified via email. Also, as suggested to a previous backer with a similar request, kindly correspond to such inquiries via the Kickstarter messaging system or via <email> as the comments section is not the proper venue for discussing private financial matters. Thank you. @Yui There will be no additional costs incurred to the end receiver. All taxes/dues/fees are paid outright. @Sc2zzge We'll look into having some sort of expedited shipping service. Thanks for the suggestion. @Sam @Dauzon We'll be posting an update later today with a bit more info. Stay tuned :) @Sam All U.S & Canadian orders will be via UPS ground. International orders via UPS and DHL pending location. Tracking numbers will be provided via email the minute they are sent out from the factory via email. We should be launching the Vault password management system today as a v1.0 :) We can't wait to see the general feedback and Icon suggestions :) Hang in there guys! @chris @dim3m Almost there guys! We'll be updating everyone in the next day or so. FINALLY launching the Vault interface. SSL implementation is a go. User wishing to change addresses and the like will have the opportunity before everything gets sent out. Keep it up guys! We're so close! :) @Sam The external housing & the hardware encrypted USB boards will both be covered under warranties. That information along with information on how to recover from forgetting the external locking pass-code will be provided when the units are shipped (via the manual and via our support page). @Sam not random at all, thanks for asking. Actually yes as a matter of fact they do. A warranty covering the PCBA boards will be granted. @gdep An email has been sent confirming receipt of your ID. On that note, we're pretty good about getting messages and responding in a timely manner. We would kindly remind everyone to send us direct messages right here on Kickstarter or via email at <email>. Discussing personal financial matters on the open commenting system is definitely not the proper platform. Thanks guys. @Sam Again, we get our re-branded units the same time as everyone else. :) @Sam_k right you are, thanks for that. @Sam Sorry about that, busy busy busy! We get our re-branded units same as everyone else. We'll keep everyone posted when we have more info. Till then, look out for official updates in your inboxes. @Inillortep Kindly check your junk mail box, messages in general are typically read within minutes of receipt, responses generated accordingly. You may wish to include @crypteks.com as a rule on your junkmail filters. If that doesn't work, kindly let us know. You may also send us a direct message here on Kickstarter as is typically more appropriate when dealing with personal financial information or that you require further assistance directly from someone on the team. Hope that helps. @Sam Yeah actually they do! The rings were designed to have a slight "ticking" if you will. They also full stop at each individual letter. The build quality is impeccable. @Mathew, as with your previous updates, we're working on getting shots of a fully assembled model and perhaps a video or two on how it opens and works in general. Bear with us guys, we've hit a few roadblocks along the way but full steam ahead atm! @Mark +1. You our esteemed backer just won yourself something interesting! :D :D Notice the one minute apart on the comment! :D No worries! @David (muahah!). Full disclosures will most DEFINITELY be obligatory as well as encryption standards and storage methodology fully explained in much detail. If anyone knows anyone at GeoTrust give them a nudge! We want to log you guys in SO bad! I'll try to post a few pics on the interfaces and some more info on the encryption method used (we KNOW we won't disappoint!) @gdep Finalization and directions takes on the form of an official request by a backer as well as providing their Amazon transaction number for processing. We thank you for your initial support, it is much appreciated. Hey guys, update time! @David @Neil (part @gdep) The only reason we haven't posted actual product pictures is due to the fact that we are in a rush to get them off to you guys. Unfortunately we won't have the opportunity to have them assembled and sent to us in advance as we had done previously with the "Crypteks" branded units. We'll be posting a rather detailed step-by-step on the entire Kickstarter campaign (as well as the MANY disappointments!) in the future. We'd love to share that info with you guys and there are plans in the works to publish this information to the public to better help prepare future Kickstarter project owners. @gdep We understand that the wait is strenuous and indeed very inconvenient to a lot of our backers. We do apologize for this delay however it was not in our hands and we took a rather defensive position by re-branding to just get this rolling again. The Vault password management system will be up and running pending the SSL license issue from GeoTrust. We refuse to launch this without this secure transmission protocol. We COULD use open SSL however we find that securing the information properly is our obligation and we will not take shortcuts. The Vault password management system is merely a simple tool to store whatever passwords you'd like; it has no bearing on the CRXi Vault unit whatsoever but merely a convenient tool for all of our backers to enjoy. As for Beta Testers that were part of the core-functionality: as we selected what we thought to be the most suited to helping us with programming and encryption, NDA's were obviously signed with them preventing them speaking about how it works. Proper credits will be given in due course however confidentiality was obviously an important part of the process as some aspects of the core programming was accessible to them for testing. As for re-branding: as the artwork with the user interface (USB interface), as well as the USB outer housing/packaging/printed material/website were branded with the Crypteks name. We have since had to re manufacture those parts and change all the artwork. Boards with the new artwork have since been purchased and will appear with the new artwork (without the Crypteks - as per the agreement we had reached with the company that used the word "cryptek") With respect to the website: the entire site was implemented in HTML5 coding. We would recommend that you download the latest web browser (we use Firefox ourselves) and have not seen any issues from anyone else. If this matters persists kindly drop us an email and perhaps we could help you figure out whats going wrong. Other than that, we're getting your comments but really busy getting all of these orders ready for shipment! Thanks again everyone. @(quite a few backers! lol). "as per some serious request!" an official update has gone out ahead of schedule hopefully answering a few of your questions and addressing your concerns. Although we always welcome our backers' feedback, we will however at this time kindly request that such feedback is done so constructively. We really do apologize for the past delay however, this was above and beyond our initial control and we feel we have aptly remedied the situation as per our obligations to everyone. As we were stopped in our tracks from actually providing backers with their rewards (quite literally), we have since overcome this obstacle and until fairly recently were allowed to continue with this project with the vigor and ambition we had initially set out with. We can only assert that backer rewards will be fulfilled. Thank you. @ Tony Though we understand your frustrations, we feel our previous updates on the updates section is fairly thorough and we haven't deviated from them thus far. We do apologize that you may have grown accustomed to frequent update posting on that section however we have responded to all questions/comments/messages/emails sent our way. We are morally obligated to remain steadfast in our responsibilities and to remain transparent in our communication. We plan on sending out an update on the updates section fairly shortly with details on how to log into the Vault system (Password Management System) as it has undergone and passed phase 2 Beta testing. This update will also stress our plans to ship during the month of March as well as how all of our backers will have the option to change their shipping addresses if they so require. This by no means places this project anywhere near a "con job". We have stressed in the past through our updates and our comments/emails/messages that we have been delayed to to circumstances beyond our control; that these delays have been overcome; and that we appreciate your patience as we have made it our utmost priority to deliver backer rewards in the fastest time frame allowable. Again, we thank you all for your continued patience. We stand by this project fully and are continue to stress that all rewards will be delivered with quality and craftsmanship that a project like this fully deserves. @Andy We're still aiming for a March ship date! We'll give everyone a heads up once they start moving. @Kevin Thank you! :) We really appreciate it. And thank everyone one of our backers for help making this project possible! We've had a few bumps along the way but we're really pleased with how things have turned out! We know everyone is getting anxious for an update and we should have one out fairly soon! @Derik Roger that. We'll have some good news for everyone fairly shortly. ;) We're just focusing on getting everything perfect, its been a long wait and we understand everyone's frustrations! We can't stress this enough, your rewards are literally the sole reason of our being lol! @Steven, @David, @Dim You know we love you right! :D We're doing EVERYTHING humanly possible to ship out during March :D @Sam There will be printed material as well as online digital files :) @Anslem Again, we're aiming to deliver the product as previously stated on previous updates. On that note, cocktails seem like a great idea! lol. @David A lot of people don't really know how detailed the manufacturing process actually is. A lot of care is taken into how devices weigh and feel in the hand, types of finishes used and how they wear over time and how well they minimize dirt/fingerprints etc. Also, physical feedback (for example the delicate clicks of the wheels spinning) and spring tensions to create the perfect "pff" once the unit is unlocked and releases the USB stick... It's one thing to see a large render on your screen and another thing to grasp an extremely well-made 8cm cylinder holding your most precious data :) When we say we're doing everything we can to make sure the end result will be "better" than expected; we mean it. Hope that helps guys! We know you've all been waiting very patiently and we really do appreciate it. We're working really hard to get this under wraps and we again, thank you for your kindness, patience, and continued support! :) @Aneurin Duly noted! The majority of our backers are looking for the most exceptional quality from the device and we're doing everything we can to make sure the end result will be BETTER than expected :) @Peter We're doing our best to deliver during this time period. @Daniel Naming conflict has been resolved and thankfully everything is going very smoothly. Parts have been ordered and as soon as they are made available, its an issue of minor assembly (thankfully the design of the unit is fairly simple to assemble), packaging, and off to your front doors! Hope that helps & thanks for your comments! @Mark LOL. We're doing our best given the circumstances. Again, we apologize sincerely for the delays. Our sole reason for existing now is to make sure all of our backers get an excellent product that far surpasses expectations and in the quickest time possible. @Scott We did a heavy name search globally before launching actually. No one has used the word "Crypteks" on anything aside from an MMO weapon we came across. Thankfully though that situation is well behind us and we look forward to getting this project under-wraps. We really do understand the frustration and again we thank everyone for their kindness and continued support. We're more than certain everyone will be extremely satisfied with the end result and we're positive the end result will exceed everyone's expectations! Thanks for sharing. @Steven Not at all ;) We've simply been engaging our backers on the comments section and via msg :) Beta testing is going great! We had really no idea how many professional cryptographers were backing this project! :D We'll have something in the way of a major update pretty soon to keep everyone in-the-loop ;) @Sam So far, we're basically going to call it what it is, a cryptex USB :). As for the password management system, it is fully HTML5 compatible and accessible via mobile devices. We'll most likely have a mock app (icon) that will load a further iOS compatible version :) Hope that helps! @Marty "touche!" haha. We're trying to do our best to hurry things as fast as we can and we really appreciate the time and effort all of our backers take to let us know what's on their minds! A lot of people are very anxious to receive their units and we're doing or absolute BEST to ensure everyone will be satisfied in the end. Hopefully we'll remain as vigilante as ever and transparent about every detail we can; we owe you guys that much! Thank you for sharing :) @Seth We're fairly certain they have a registered patent for the cryptex unit they manufacture (replicas of the ones author Dan Brown mentioned in his book). Thankfully our internal mechanisms and use purposes are completely different. Thanks for that though :) @Kevin Basically, we will be UN-branding things :) See, we can use the word Cryptex (as it is a common word now and describes a certain type of unit). We are still keeping our stylized "C" logo. The only thing we are really going to do at this point is drop the TM and call the unit what it is; a Cryptex USB :) hope that helps! @WhyIsThisOpen hehe! Can you think about on for Michigan? :D @Rob No need to worry! Anyone that needs to update their shipping addresses may do so by either sending us a direct message here on Kickstarter with their new address, or by emailing us at <email> with the update. We will send you a confirmation message upon receipt of the new change of address! ;) @NBbrown The passwords used on the USB board is an enforced password (meaning, it is not stored anywhere). The password acts as the encryption key used by the hardware controller. Great question! @Dauzon We'll have to pass that one along to our board manufacturers! We'll have that answer for you pretty soon, thanks for your patience! @Maro We wish! haha, unfortunately no, we had to change all of the previous branding at our own expense but THANKFULLY that's all behind us now ;) The only thing they're being nice about is the actual Kickstarter page and the various renders and videos circulating around the www! (they're not expecting us to change or recall those thankfully!). We're all just very glad that this is all behind us and that we were able to reach a peaceful agreement with the trademark owners of Cryptek. Time to get rollin'! With respect to shipping, we're still hopefully looking forward to a mid-March release. Thanks for your patience guys! We really look forward to getting your rewards into your hands! @Philip Thanks for that question. We do not have any legal issues with the requesting company. We have mutually agreed to change the name and they were kind enough to allow us to phase out the current name without any problems! Hope that helps! @Yuhann Thank you for the vote of confidence! We're trying our absolute BEST to ensure all of our backers are taken care of in the most transparent way possible! Glad we could help! @Alicia, should be up and running pretty soon. Just a matter of integrating the shipping databases with each individual transaction number :) @Sam Would you mind posting the suggestion again? @Vanes Thought we might share your questions about the encryption process right here for everyone to share: We are using a PCBA solution from the world's largest producer of flash memory and NAND flash (not allowed to mention the name just yet!) - But a simple search should get you the right answer! :)... As for the encryption method, our PCBA boards use 256-bit AES block ciphering (CBC) mode - with an enforced password. To answer any questions about the Password Management System: NO - It is not necessary and has absolutely no bearing on the actual Crypteks unit. It's simply a nifty place to store all of your day-to-day passwords (or anything else really for that matter). @David Patience is a virtue! We can't wait to update all of our backers with all the goodness that chaotic manufacturing can unleash! We're really psyched with the end results and we know you guys will be too! Our manufacturing partners are simply unparalleled and we're really thankful for everyone that has been working on this project - especially our backers; whom without their kindness and support, none of this would have been possible! Thanks again everyone! @M.Guillaume Okay, 2nd attempt today! I've sent it from my personal email! Kindly let me know if it went through! Sorry about that. I look forward to your reply! @M.Guillaume Will do :) You should get your that custom logo ready if you can, Illustrator, Photoshop, jpg, bmp. It's all good :). @Ryan. We do apologize for not having a retail environment here on Kickstarter. The Crypteks units were essentially prototype concepts that we have had the privilege to custom build for our Kickstarter backers; they are in essence prototype units for a potential retail version. Again we do sincerely apologize for the naming issue that was brought upon us; we obviously had no intention nor the foresight for what the requesting company felt compelled to request of us. This has created an obstacle of sorts. Namely; we lost a lot of time as we simply could not ship out our units (as they were Crypteks branded). Secondly; it meant that we've basically had to redo the process of extruding/milling the units (as the previous units will have to be totally discarded due to the Crypteks laser engraved logos). This will fall upon us as a company and the financial heft of the undertaking was left for us to come up with. Aside from the physical units; the custom GUI of the encrypted boards have also needed to be unbranded. Based on our first run we have estimated that we will be able to begin supply to our Kickstarter backers mid March as per our official update. We're trying our very best to ensure that the units are exquisitely made with the quality specifications we have been adamant about since the inception of this project. We have extreme faith in our manufacturing partners and our engineering teams to ensure that our promises are made and fulfillment will continue to the delight of everyone involved. We do pardon the delay and we're doing our very best to continue this project as per the typical Kickstarter platform guidelines. Kickstarter was designed to allow for leeway for projects that might otherwise not have a chance to go through standard retail channels. To be able to overcome design/manufacturing delays, prototyping, assembly, packaging, etc. is one of the main reasons Kickstarter is such an innovative idea. By allowing potential backers to back prototypes and ideas; project creators are given the opportunity to provide their projects to backers that are aware of the initial system. Again we simply cannot stress enough how sorry we are for the general inconvenience that everyone has been subjected to. We find your comments and feedback very straight-forward and indeed agree with most of you. We will be providing frequent updates to where everything stands and hopefully respond to everyone's questions and concerns in a timely manner. We humbly request your continued patience and support at this time and we're certain we're doing everything we can to make sure all of our backers are well taken care of. Our company is dedicated to fulfilling our initial promises (though later than anticipated) and stand by our team and our teams dedication to the project, our ideals, and more importantly; our backers. Talk of non-fulfillment, fraudulence, or deception of any kind is simply a non-issue. We stand by our company and our commitment to our backers and try to remain as transparent as possible. Thank you everyone for you comments and feedback, please stay tuned to our official updates page for additional information. We will do our best to give everyone that has made a request a satisfactory response when permitted. Thanks again! @David Though we frequently comment and partake in technology and gadget blogs (and thus VERY familiar with avoiding trolling behavior on our end and general commenting etiquette); we would have appreciated the end of that quote: "Your requests for a refund though saddening, will go unattested and we do appreciate your support." Though its unfortunately that the naming issue ha hindered the monumental development of this project, we stand by our promises and guarantee that each and every backer will be justly rewarded for their kindness, support, and patience. We would never attest a refund from a backer regardless of their reasons for doing so. @Ryan Your request for a refund has gone unattested and we respect your wishes to do so. We do really appreciate your show of support and are deeply saddened that your faith in this project has been tarnished by the unfortunate turn of events that we have had to overcome. We will continue to post updates for you in the future and hopefully, we'll let you know immediately when you might be able to find us in a more suitable retail environment. We really do apologize for the inconvenience and will continue to try our best to make everyone happy! Thanks again for taking the time out everyone for giving us your feedback, we're listening and doing our best to remedy the situation. After-all, you're all just as much a part of this project now as we are! We won't let you down! @David Again, we're as frustrated as everyone else with the delay. Everything is however sorted with respect to the naming issue. We weren't able to keep keep the name as a trademark however they were nice enough to let us phase out the name and not have to deal with the hassle of changing any online videos or pictures (just not allowed to post any new ones). With respect to our partners at Bitwize, they are in fact located in Lebanon and do really great web work (they did afterall win site of the day at www.awwwards.com with their work on our website!) We would never hide this fact and are proud of our investors and backers as most of our backers are international in nature and we find that ingenuity stems from all walks of life. As for photos of prototypes and additional resources, we've had to step back a little from showing things without the use of the Crypteks name. They will be provided in due course however and we do thank you for your understanding. We had no control over this situation from the get-go and was never our intention to use a name that a company used in the 80's and might have problems with. @RyanMoore We would never in a million years stand in the way of a backer from removing their initial pledge. Unfortunately Kickstarter is set up in a way that once we receive funding and receive payment from Amazon, we cannot do much in the ways of monetary refunds. Your requests for a refund though saddening, will go unattested and we do appreciate your support. We apologize sincerely for the delays we have had with the naming issue however that has been solved. We did not have any legal problems with the respective company however bringing the issue to a court of law seemed rather drastic and we really just wanted to get our backers their rewards without further delay. Again, we thank you all for your continued patience. Feel free to drop us a line anytime, we'll do our very best to answer any questions or concerns regardless. We hope in due course we can show you all how hard we've been working and we stand by our promises that no backer will go unrewarded :) Hope that helps! @M.Guillaume We really do apologize for that! It seems as with Vanes that you may want to include exceptions for your junk-mail filters (mainly, allow @crypteks.com). As to your request and our 3 responses!; of course we will facilitate your personal request with respect to numbering and your branding! We're anxious to see how it might look and if the option might be something future potential customers might actually be interested in! We'll give it another 24 hours before forwarding you our previous response to allow you to tweak your email settings! -Cheers! Hey guys! A few updates: @Vanes again, we have sent your reply by email (might want to check your junkmail settings!) @Yuhann (again, sent via email but we'll post it here just in case), beta testers were selected for phase one and have been corresponding via Skype/email/instant messaging. Everyone else that has applied is being sent their login credentials and are currently in queue. (Sorry if this inconveniences anyone but testing security-based software needs to be thorough). Thankfully we have a few cryptographers and security specialists backing this project and their feedback has proven incalculable! @David @John we have sent our last official update here via comment Feb 2nd. We're trying to update everyone at least 2 times a week. With respect to the naming issue, we have had council to go ahead and change the company name and the name of the product (mainly, don't use the TM if we are using the word Crypteks. We understand everyone is in angst over the situation but we're really working round the clock to make sure everything is done properly and that the quality of the product is never sacrificed for speed. We're watching over everything and we're updating everyone accordingly :) All personal mails are being answered individually and comments are seen almost instantly. We're doing our best to look after everyone after this little naming issue. Thanks again everyone for taking the time to comment and give us your feedback! Hey everyone! Thanks to everyone that commented recently. We really appreciate the feedback (and advice!). @Sasha, @Larry: We totally agree. As we have always stressed, we owe it to our backers for full transparency at ALL times. You are as much a part of this project as we are and our main obligations are to our backers to not only fulfill their orders, but to also exceed their expectations. Unfortunately, the "naming" issue falls under the following category: (Sasha, you had the right idea about this), we are ALL for renaming. It's a simple ordeal that doesn't take much time at all. However: It would mean we have to re-cast anything bearing the Crypteks name. This of course is the underlying issue. If these guys could possibly let us continue using the name (as its based on the homophone "cryptex": which legally is now considered an actual common item!), then everything will go according to the original plan. They have YET to give us a final answer! We're just as frustrated as everyone else as we've basically had to sit and wait for an answer to make a potential move. As a company, we have every right to exist (even if we have to change our name) and our obligations will nonetheless be our utmost priority. We will always honor our obligations and we guarantee that every single backer will receive their respective rewards as soon as we can possibly deliver them! We really do appreciate the patience and we hope we can continue to garner your faith in us, our product, and our promise. (NB @Sasha: We would never not fulfill a reward and have the burden be placed on a backer. All payments will be accounted for 100%. Thankfully, there are no terms of length on a potential Amazon dispute for a lack of delivery of goods. We will honor our obligations to every single backer regardless of what a group of "innovation stiffing" lawyers have to say about it :D -- @Vincent: With respect to beta testing; we have officially received over 200 requests for phase 1 beta testing. All of our applicants will be involved in phase 2 testing (this should be in the next 48 hours. We will notify everyone of their unique access information via email and Kickstarter message. (Backers wishing to change their shipping information as well as vote for their favorite names may do so once we go live). Hope that helps guys! Feel free to keep the suggestions coming or drop us a line anytime! (Again, we really REALLY appreciate the patience!) Hey guys! Thank you all for your support! @Sasha, that's a really awesome idea actually. We're going to be posting something on our website so you guys can all give us your input! @Brentmills Thankfully it won't come to any of that! Our Kickstarter fulfillment is our top priority at this point and we will definitely have a solution in place to ensure proper fulfillment. Actually, we guarantee it! @Everyone We love your suggestions and as such, will be giving you all the opportunity to be more involved with the naming process. We are all ready with the password management system and it should be online in the next 24 hours. Your exclusive tracks will also be available. With respect to the legal notice, a copy will be available via our website and an official update will be posted to let everyone know how they can help and where we stand! Thanks again everyone for your support! We couldn't have done it without you! Hey guys. We're checking your comments on an hourly basis and answering emails and messages accordingly. @Vanes Kindly check your junkmail filters or maybe allow incoming mail from @crypteks.com. I'll personally re-send the message no worries! @Ken We'll be posting an update in a few hours hopefully with a better picture as to the nature of the delay (we really couldn't for a bit) but hopefully that's all taken care of. Though the update will be much more clear, we were made aware on Dec. 23rd that we needed permission to use a specific combination of letters to spell out a portion of a word we have been using (forgive the cloak-and-dagger tactics!) and had to work out a deal to continue (thankfully, they're good people and hopefully everyone will be happy). We'll keep you posted! And again, a thousand apologies for any delays, we're working non-stop for everyone and we're confident everyone will be satisfied with this project :) @Sam thanks :) We're trying OUR VERY BEST to make sure you guys get properly updated, please bear with us a little while longer. Hopefully you will all be updated appropriately and to everyone's satisfaction! (thought, a few of you msgd us and were spot-on as to the delay!). Thanks again everyone for your patience! You have no idea how much your consideration means to us! Feel free to drop us a line anytime, we are reading everything and updating as we can! Thanks for all the support guys! You have no idea how much it means to us. Thank you again for your patience. We're trying our best to answer all of your questions in a timely manner. We'll be posting an update in the next day to update everyone with respect to where we stand. Hopefully everything will be sorted out to everyone's satisfaction! Thanks to everyone that commented! And a thousand pardons for not answering everyone, we wanted to make sure we had the correct information before answering. Thanks again! @Mark No worries! We really are doing our absolute best to make sure everyone is happy. We always like to stress the fact that we will simply not succumb to cheaper manufacturing as the main appeal for the item is the high level of precision and quality materials we insist on using. We do apologize terribly however for the delay and rest assured we are working literally non-stop to make sure you guys are all satisfied. We'll be posting updates with respect to where everything stands and why the delays have occurred and we just hope you guys kindly continue your patience and support while we do whatever we can to ensure everyone is more than satisfied :) Hey guys! Firstly Happy Holidays! We apologize for the slight delay. A vast majority of our backers are international backers and we're having some issues with shipping charges! We will be setting up a special Amazon Payments system on our website to take care of everything! Thank you all for your patience at this time, we're doing our absolute best to make sure everything is done according to plan :) @Ben We hope so! :) We're really trying our best to bring the Crypteks USB to market. We'll keep you updated from time to time to let you guys know how far along we are. Hey guys! Just to answer a few questions: @Wendy shipping info will be requested slightly after DEC 23, 5:24AM EST. @David Thankfully, our hardware encryption solution is always active, its built into the electronics. As for systems not allowing an executable program, there really is no possible way but we're always looking into new technologies. @Curt We had a lot of requests for a Black model so we talked to our manufacturers to see if we could offer a special promotion right here on Kickstarter just for you guys ;) @Nick Backers pledging $130 or more are eligible to receive an Crypteks USB 8GB. We'd love to offer everyone one of our products but it might take a few years of saving up! @David lol! Seems like eons ago! We still can't believe we reached this far! We had originally planned to make 75 units! We're doing our ABSOLUTE best to fulfill our Kickstarter orders in a reasonable timeframe. We know everyone would never sacrifice quality for speed on this one so we're doing our best to make sure we adhere to our design philosophy and hope everyone will be satisfied at the end :) Thanks everyone! @William: Sorry about the confusion, we have a better explanation of the service in our project FAQ. If that doesn't clear things up, you're always welcome to drop us a line with more specific questions. Note: All Kickstarter backers will have access to this unique service when it is complete; updates as per usual will accompany the launch :) @evgenios glad that was taken care of! Drop us a line if we can help you with anything else! @Chris Try to send a private message when you get a chance and we'll take care of that request for you :) Thanks to Google translate! @Dauzon Merci pour votre gentillesse! @Rik We'll be requesting shipping info pretty soon ;) A lot of our international backers are having the typical kickstarter issue with adjusting pledges! We'll keep everyone posted with an official update later today to make sure everyone is taken care of! @Sasha Nice question! Currently the black version is going to be anodized using industry standard anodizing; we found powder coated aluminum to look great but since we have moving parts, we were afraid it would effect the smooth motion of the rings. We are always looking for interesting ways to improve our models though! With respect to the rings being interchangeable: 100%! you could technically use any color combination you wanted as all of the parts are the same! (We'd love to see screenshots of anyone brave enough to color theirs on their own!) Thanks for the question! @William Unfortunately at this time the Special Edition Crypteks USB can only be purchased at the 16GB capacity. We're trying really hard to please everyone but since we can't produce much larger quantities, we aren't able to make an 8GB black Crypteks USB for the time being. We're definitely working on it though! @Kevin: Of course! We figured that if WE were attached to our units, it might be a good idea to just have the "key" upgraded. This way, we can always offer the latest and greatest technology and still keep prices down! Thanks for the great question! Hey guys! Thank you all for all the kind words and your messages! We hope you like the new Special Edition Crypteks USB! If anyone needs any help with their pledges (sorry guys, we didn't design the Kickstarter interface!) drop us a line and we'll do our best to sort everything out! Thanks again! Give us a few minutes ;) "Ask and ye shall receive"!! Incredible! We're over 500% backed! You guys truly are awesome! We really really appreciate it! Thank you! @Sal we are working on getting some new images available (and we have a few surprises too!) so thank you and thank you all for your continued patience! We'll update every as soon as we can! Thank you everyone for leaving your comments! You seriously made our year! We hope to be able to address any questions we haven't answered so far, we'll get to each one (eventually!). Thanks again! You guys are seriously awesome! @David Thank you! And thank you ALL for allowing us to get this far! This really is beyond our wildest dreams! Uncrate and Gizmodo are our two favorite sites - It's such an honor! @Rik Rose: Definitely! We will be sending out questionnaires in the days to come with important information regarding shipping and final instructions! Backers!!** oops! But bakers will be too! :) @Kevin: I will have an answer for you VERY shortly! @ Johnny: All bakers will be given the option to have a "keychain hook" :) Thanks for the question Brent! Actually, we're not really familiar with how IronKey works however we do have a GUI for managing your passwords and additional features (such as limiting the number of incorrect password attempts for an auto format, FAQ's, etc.) as well as access to the Crypteks password management system (secure online management system) to be hosted on our encrypted server! Currently, there is no additional need for any software other than the proprietary software controlling the dedicated hardware encryption controller. We try to keep a minimalistic approach to design and it has followed through wonderfully with the user interface. Hope that helps! Sounds like a plan! We're planning on posting a few pictures and videos on how we tested (tortured?) a few of our babies! We have a few surprises for everyone and as always; we'll keep you posted as much as possible! Great question Daniel! Actually, our designers and engineers really stressed the issue. Obviously there is no such thing as an impervious physical lock, we decided the next best thing to secure the actual data (whats really important!) was to actually encrypt the entire drive! And not just any ordinary encryption would do! We went straight to the world-leaders in hardware encryption to find the perfect solution; Enter Fail-safe! In the event a physical breech has occurred (which we couldn't even fathom one of our babies being destroyed!); rest assured your data is 100% encrypted using the best cypher available. We did our very best to provide the best styling and ultra-secure mechanics possible to hamper a forced-entry, but "just in case" - you're always covered. Hope that helps! @gdep: You were officially our 70th backer and tipped the scale at $12,099!! Thank you and thank everyone that was involved in helping us reach our goal! You guys are our heroes! We can't wait to get ours either! :D So close! Wow guys! We really don't even really know what to say at this point! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Great questions! Unfortunately David there would be no way to ensure 100% encryption unless there was an enforced password. Systems that don't allow executable files to run are not covered in this case because we would not jeopardize the unit by allowing the password to be stored on the unit itself. You can however access it normally on any other system even if you don't have administrator rights! Hope that helps! You're very welcome! The optical drive disappears once the password has been entered, it will then register as a normal USB drive based on the next available drive letter you have (its pretty neat!). For reading and writing speeds, check out the image we posted on the project page under "Specifications". Let me know if that helps! Thanks for your comment Kevin! Basically the log-in process is very similar in both Windows and Mac OS X. Your computer will register the stick first as an optical drive and take you straight to the unique log-in screen where you will be prompted to enter your password. Assuming you enter the correct password, your computer will then detect your USB stick almost immediately and you are free to use the drive as you normally would. The entire process takes a few seconds. The encryption and decryption are handled by the unique Hardware Controller without any additional input so you're always 100% covered :) - Hope that helps! Hello there. We will begin manufacturing immediately after we meet our goal (and before the end of the campaign). We are still on schedule for a Christmas launch! As for designing, we are fine tweaking accessories at the moment :) but the Crypteks USB itself is 100% ready. - Hope that helps! Another excellent question! Yes actually, we may be implementing a key-chain-type feature for interested backers. There will also be a small carrying case (more like a pouch featuring a zipper) in the works. Hopefully we will finalize the details with the manufacturers before the end of the launch. As always, backers will be notified via email on any updates we might have! That's a great question. I'm not really familiar with how IronKey works, but in general, anything physical can be destroyed if you have a mind to do it. Thankfully though, even if you were somehow able to extract the unit within, it would be close to impossible to break the 256-bit AES Hardware Encryption (one of the reasons why we were adamant about it in the first place!). Your data is 100% encrypted with an enforced password :) You can also set your USB key to auto-format after a certain amount of "incorrect" guesses! Thank you so much for your feedback, great question! Thanks for your feedback! We tried really hard to make sure our storage capacities were as high as possible. Unfortunately when buying hardware encrypted drives there is always a slight sacrifice in capacity as the cost price is significantly higher! We're trying our best give the best data encryption possible while providing a competitively priced product! Thanks for your pledge! we really appreciate it! May they be blessed with Covid-19. Same here. I am a backer and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Under article 32 section 7 I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Under article 32 section 7 I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. 1 on 3 kickstarter projects are never delivered and on that 7 on 10 products delivered have very low satisfaction from the buyer, everyone stop using kickstarter, its a scam paradise making you dream of non-finish prototype product with fake publicity. Man I could really use a 16Gb thumb drive right now... anyone know where I can find one for around $200? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: This seems to be an elaborate scam. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Please contact me. After 7 years, I have no money ... No product ... I invested 4275$ in this project, I know I will never see them back. Last connexion of project owner on August 21 2018, maybe just to see if there is pending lawsuits Lol @Scott. Deaf ears buddy they aint listening at this point. I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Nope basically nothing we can do just accept the large rectum insertion and try and move on. Any word regarding legalities and refunds? Seems about that time to poke this tread again. If for no other reason than to express my own futility in comment form. I stop by every so often to see how we all got taken for and yet Kickstarter policies have not changed very much to better protect those that make a pledge. They have the power but profits prevent them from having better tools in place to prevent this. Thank you Kickstarter and have a great holiday. I feel you Marc and Preston!! Kickstarter take note: This was my first and last backed project on Kickstarter. I know you don't care as long as you get your commission on the pledges, so I thought it would be best to make sure you don't get anymore commissions from me. Just sayin hi to all my fellow screwed backers. :) @Tatsu Ando; you're exactly right. My refund was so long ago that it doesn't mean anything about anyone else getting a refund. I was merely refuting the claims that no one ever got refunds. And as I said, that door closed a long time ago (meaning that it's most likely not possible for anyone to get refunds any more). @Sam Kimpton Seems like when u got refunded was way before they had posted some instructions for the refund on the update section officially. I mean, May 2012 was before they went on silent for the first time (for several months) and I believe it was before what they've called "the new management team" took over. So, it basically means that you getting refund probably means nothing to most of us. Yes, some people got refunds. But that door closed long time ago. I have not receive anything. Can I have a refund. it's a shame that kickstarter does nothing to support all the backers that got screwed in the end for a project they allowed. because of this, I will never support any projects on kickstarter; more like fraudstarter. It's long long due. No refunds! Sent email to <email> before 31/12/2014 according to their message 41 but no replies. Seriously, if a person files for chapter 11, at least let us know so that we can struck off the hope of getting a reply from official source) I'm from Asia and it seems my trust for doing business or trade with American falls to the historical low, for now. It's not $1000 but a mere $100+ not worth to seek legal assistance. Just a waste of trust, faith and effort. no one ever got a refund, no one ever got anything. we were robbed. that's it. While I doubt this will have any effect on getting a refund, I have seen this posted on some other projects where the creator has effectively bailed on the project. Per the terms (<url> International backer here, did any other internationals get a refund? I have contacted Washington States Attorney General.Maybe something will be done. @jacky poh, I also did as you did and emailed my details many times and also asked if they got them and they said yes they did but I haven't heard anything since and have also not received anything from them. Hello. I am an international backer and I did just what stated on update 41 before dec 2014 and I have not received my Amazon account refund. I only check the refund status every half a year as I am jaded about the whole situation. I hope the staff can look into this. @Edgar Arroyo, that's incorrect. People did get refunded. I got a refund in May of 2012. Some backers saw the writing on the wall earlier than others. I'm not sure when the refunds stopped being handed out, but they were being given. I think the time for hoping for refunds is long past, however, as the people who got the original funds are long gone. I'd love for someone who is in charge of this project to prove me wrong, of course. Oh Wow. just Saw that the last time they logged in was dec 17, definitely a scam. I'll be digging up some information on these guys and sending it to some of my friends in higher places. if anyone has any info that could help, please message me. there's no list, there's no refund. we got ripped off. that's just it. No one EVER got a dime back that I'm aware of. Cryptrade collected and vanished. Another project with big bucks and zero returns. Still no refund. :-( Never got the refund. Sent multiple emails before. Is anyone actually processing them? Still no money back, huh? Ugh. :( Thank you @Heiko complain filled No idea if it's related but somebody certainly made a usb cryptex <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" We might not get delivery or refund, but perhaps there is hope for undelivered projects? <url>###ing year that Fahad made another false promise. 3 and a half year that this mess took place. That scammer stole us close to $200k (minus kickstarter percentage) Enjoy your profit bankster, hope that IRS will relieve you of that unfairly made money. Just checking in on my refund... Still no response I see. Drop by every so often to check on these scammers if they have paid anyone back. I don't see anyone jumping up for joy so the answer must be a no. I still have not received my refund as well. I have requested it with all the requested information since September of 2014. Still waiting with no response whatsoever. still.. I haven't received one reply via email nor received my money back. was this whole "we're going to refund everyone" another fluke??? I'm not sure what can be done for a few hundred bucks but I'm willing to do something as a group. Ivan, totally agree with you. Jeff, not a bad idea but I doubt many people are still sticking around on this project... most have probably long since moved on! But it could be worth a shot... I'm also one of those ferrofluid backers that I still haven't seen after all these years!! I backed two other ferrofluid projects since that original one and both have delivered!! :-( @Tom - I see you also backed the ferrofluid (I know exactly your pain) Ok, let me ask this of the group. I realize that many folks are gone and are doing their best to forget this whole mess. I myself only check back, just because.... Of those that are here - anyone a lawyer? And mad as hell (as any further action would be purely emotionally driven - because it'll result in further dollars outta pocket)? If so then I have an idea: (please feel free to modify/add/etc.) 1) Post your law credentials online so that others can have some assurance you are who you say you are. I think any practicing attorney would be able to do this easily (link to a business card / website/ something. If your work website - post a line about this project for extra verification.) 2) Quickly run down what you're offering to do. Whether it is writing a letter or doing something more. Anything (even writing a letter) will take time - time is money and you ought to be rewarded.... So, perhaps you could post a bitcoin address, again, on your website (something that you control). If this community feels like what you are offering is of value - then they can contribute. If these contributions do not add up to the amount requested - then perhaps have a plan (already communicated) that all funds will be given to a charity. Bitcoin would allow overseas folks (and those all around the USA) to send what they think is appropriate to this endeavor. Also, it will be a mechanism to know exactly how much was raised for this one activity. If the min is not achieved, then (again) we could all see said funds moved to a charity. Just an idea. I know any further actions will be a PIA, and whomever does pick up the ball - this is one way of rewarding them/incentivizing the finding of this person... Let's hire lawyer guys ! Sad how a company can ask $12K to get this going and end up with almost $200K and we get zero back. Thank you for reassuring me that deceptive businesses are alive and doing well running scams like this. *sigh* Such a great project idea that fell flat. I would prefer delivery of the hardware over a refund. But after 3 years and no delivery on either front, this is a lost cause. I wish they would have honored their refund as discussed last year. They don't even respond to messages sent to confirm they have everything they need for them. @Jeff What wonders me most is: Why is noone of the backers getting in touch with a lawyer? Since I am from overseas, I do not have any clue how to do that from my country, finding a specialized lawyer, etc. But there are apparently also many US citizens among the backers. What could it cost to ask a lawyer to write an official letter to Mr. Safford and ask what's going on. I'm just saying, because two years ago he did not respond to e-mails at all. Or go to the police and file a criminal charge? THAT is what gets me. What really gets me: was anything at all made? What exactly were those photos we saw? Was this all just a long con? What the hell was the resurrection all about? So many questions... I would be more than happy, if during this process - the creators basically said, "we got to this point, ran outta money/steam/etc" exit stage left. Instead, the weirdness - lies - more weirdness - more lies - and ... weirdness. That is what gets me. I think it's pretty safe to say that Kickstarter will be of no help in getting a refund or doing anything really. "We do not investigate a project creators ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards" - Katherine Here at Kickstarter HQ, we expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if theyre unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creators ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases youll find that rewards are delivered as promised, its also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. I hope that this helps to address your concerns, but please dont hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. Best, Katherine can i verify that i am on the list please? I'm also wondering if the refund will be sent one day... Kickstarter's lack of leadership is plainly obvious on this one. I really wish they would get their s* together and come up to the plate. This project has really left a bad taste in my mouth. I've sent emails and requests, still no update on my refund. I'm surprised kickstarter doesn't do anything either for the backers. These folks are just amazingly criminal. Do not worry, end of last year I had mail contact with Katherine from Kickstarter support and she told me:"I took a look at update 41 and it appears to be a plan for the creator issuing refunds to backers by request. Our Terms of Use ( <url>t hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. Best, Katherine" So everything is fine. Still no money back... I thought I get a product or my money back? No both didn't happen... It have been a successfully funded Project - for KICKSTARTER, RALPH R. (or RANDY) SAFFORD from Safford & Baker, F.K./FAHAD KOUMAIHA/honey-voiced Crypteks boss FAHAD KOMAYA and FADI YOUSEF BADAWI. Cause all of them get their money. Am I the only one who think the sentence "This project was successfully funded on December 23, 2011" gives the impression that the project was a success ? I provided them with the information required and have never heard a peep. I wrote this off quite some time ago. I love the phrase next to the "Post comment". From what I have seen both Kickstarter and Cryptex have been less than respectful or considerate to their backers. Fortunately the other Kickstarter project I backed worked out well. But I will never back another Kickstarter project. I have learned my lesson. Agree Derik. I copped great indignation from Cryptrade in October when I suggested the whole thing was a sham and predicted their promises of refunds would end up in the toilet. Happy New Year to my scammed brothers-in-arms ; I wish you all more happiness in your support of other more legitimate projects. Hey guys it's just about the end of the year. I like to take the time to reflect on the past year, around this time. Do you all remember when Cryptrade Inc was here posting and acting like a flogged victim when some of us rightfully angry backers didn't believe them for saying something and not delivering proof? That we should have just taken their honest word for it. Yeah, Good Times. over and over, we get notified there will be a refund as they continue to string us along. i wonder when they will finally just post a note telling us all to screw off. it's been 3 years... I think we will never see our monney back. They sent me 4 e-mails to know the transaction number with Amazon and the date. The date is the same for all users, because by closing the pledge time the system is booking the sum we pledged. I am disapointed... Happy Anniversary! Soon USB will be obsolete. Maybe then we'll get our product. Happy Anniversary everyone. Except Cryptrade. Sad Anniversary for you. I'm cool with the lawyer route - but the admin/managing of ... this seems difficult. Anybody here a lawyer? Even if you wouldn't be performing any tasks, perhaps you could act as a point person to manage/define/oversee such an endeavor? This last nonsense was beyond the pale for me, perhaps it was for others too - so much so, that we can get something going. In the past, I was cool with writing this project off. The payout to work just didn't equate - but being treated like a chump of this magnitude has made me rethink this. Yeah, I guess we eventually need a lawyer since my request to kickass to disclose the project creator's contact info has been declined. Here's what they had to say. "Kickstarter's Terms of Use give backers a legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider that option only in cases where they believe that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. If you believe legal action is appropriate here, please talk to an attorney about how to proceed. Kickstarter takes the privacy of our users very seriously, so we don't provide a creator's information directly to backers." I guess they think protecting the fraud's privacy is more important than helping out the backers that got scammed by using Kickstarter. @All Happy early third anniversary of us trying to fund what we thought was going to be a really cool project, but in the end turned out to be bogus. Is there no lawyer around that will take our case?! Do we need to be in the same jurisdiction to file a small claims case? Holy moly, or at December, 24rd as a christmas present. I am sure we'll all get our refund at December, 23rd. As a birthday celebration gift. He certainly has handled everything and has orchestrated the complex task of having every backer issued with the refund-notification at the very same time. I am incredibly sure about that. In two days we can celebrate the third birthday of this project without a product or a refund for us Bckers. Congrat to kickass I vote that because of the delays this should be created out of unobtainum. or is it already? Woah. Hi Fahad! I notice you are still logging in. Are we overdue for an update? Can I still vote for grivory? How's production of Cryptex Mk II going? My refund hasn't quite burst into my account yet, but I am sure that will happen any second now. Seasons Greetings! (How about sending me your address so I can send you personalized gifts, or maybe some more cash to help with the project? Or maybe I could visit you in person and give you a big hug; I am such a huge fan!) 8 days until the third birthday - yet no refund I have never received my refund demand on September. @Derik Certainly, you did post the following link the day before Fahad came back all of sudden. <url>"Is this project creator receiving more information than necessary to complete their stated goals." Not "Is the project creator going to have enough integrity to complete and serve their goals." They would get in much more trouble had Fahad asked for, say, your Social Security Number (or other tax/credit/identification information which could result in identity theft.) ID theft: bad, Fraud: good? There is no equivalent to the "How's my driving?" truck stickers on Kickstarter. If I'm driving, and I say I'm driving good, then I'm driving good. WTF? Integrity team? Can they not read the comments posted here (including in response to update 41) which clearly show that no-one has been refunded and no-one is going to be refunded! KS inaction on this project and other scams (eg Vertus) borders on the criminal, which I guess it is, given that they are complicit and take their cut. Liars, thieves, scam, fraud; what words do we have to use to get the message through to KS ?? Recently, I've sent an e-mail to Kickstarter's support team about this project and after shooting back & forth few e-mails such as "please use the report this project function" or "I can't use that since I've already done that years ago", this is what they had to say on their most recent reply. -Copied from received e-mail- Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Dec 05 17:03 Hi Tatsu, Thanks for following up. I forwarded this information along to our Integrity team and they confirmed that the information in update 41 is appropriate in order to efficiently refund backers. There doesn't seem to be a risk of the information being solicited. Again, thanks for letting us know about this. Best, -end of the copy- Are they just saying there's nothing wrong with what Cryptrade mentioned in Update 41 and we don't have to worry about another scam or something? Although I don't know why they had to say something about Update 41 only even though there were few more updates posted by Cryptrade after that, it seems like Kickstarter at least recognizes the fact that Cryptrade was trying (or pretending?) to make the refund the past few months tho. My first and last kickstarter project. If there was only a lawyer in our group that was physically close to this individual and was willing to at least submit papers to a court with proper jurisdiction, I suspect that there are a number of people more than willing to kick some money towards said person. I'd be one of them... I imagine that with this new round of deception, perhaps the person that I'm asking for will also be peeved enough to come forward. Hell - is there anyone around (in their jurisdiction) of this group - willing to walk down to small claims court and file? And maybe even blog about it? To give the group even the smallest of a "win"... Question is, does kickstarter has any responsibilities in this case ? If yes should we call a lawyer for advise about actions to take ? I'm seriously considering these kind of options. Should we highlight there behavior to newspaper ? Clearly kickstarter failed at assisting and protecting the backers. We must do something And a question to F. Komaya: i found a Vimeo-Account from a F. Komaya vimeo.com/user25509094. Here someone have upload a video 9 month ago in which i can see a F. Komaya in front of a bitwize logo (it is the same video like on this Kickstarter project page). Why would a normal thinking person should do this (or use an old video) when on the other hand "...It is true that I have designed the CRXi and CRXii units for Cryptrade in 2010, however, I am unaffiliated with that company..."????????????????? First question: cause i`m from Europe i don`t know the task or how important the Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs in the US is. 05/30/2014 Ralph R. (or Randy) Safford fom Safford & Baker had set a document, which says that Fahad Koumaiha is President/Secretary/Treasure and Director of Cryptrade INC. So have documents from the Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs some legally binding properties? <url>"is over" - what would stop him from claiming "its on again" in 3 months or so? Nothing. And by the way: What you ask for will never happen! Admitting his guilt is probably the easiest door-opener for legal actions against him from anyones side (ours and Kickstarters, at least). So, Fahad, you win. You scammed us out of our dough. You had us trusting you not once, but twice. I suspect you follow this thread having backed the project yourself under another name, so we can't tell when you log in. So, come clean! Put us out of our misery! Gloat and tell us how dumb we are, how smart you are, that we are all suckers, FOR GOD'S SAKE TELL US THAT IT IS OVER !! After what we have been put through, is that too much to ask? Unreal - fool me once, shame on you... fool me twice, shame on me. I agree - this had to have been as an end around of some policy change at kickstarter. I say kickstarter, as another project that I backed at nearly the same time as this one and that also went dark - came back from the dead at nearly the same time as this one (either same day or next day.) I recall looking over at my wife and saying - this is so weird, both of these projects have come back from the dead. And guess what, after nearly the same timeframe/promises of this/that/etc - they both went back into dead-mode. So... my guess is that kickstarter sent out an email to all creators (I hate to use that term here) - and restarting discussions was a means towards assuaging whatever kickstarter was threatening with. But the promise of a refund - and the constant... 'oh I forgot this' or 'so-and-so requires an extra day/week' - that ain't cool. I have to admit, I'd come to read what others wrote here as I would question my interpretation of "when" every now and then. Hoping really that my working understanding of "soon" was somehow wrong. So when I would read that others had my same understanding of these ideas, I would at least stop thinking that I was losing my mind. My theory is that in US law there is a statute of limitations for some sort of scam. Maybe three years? And now they or he reached this target. Strange but true: I can only encourage everyone to do the same here on Kickstarter as Cryptrade did. You can get 200k$ without any problem. And since there is no lawsuit and not even Kickstarter seems to have a problem with projects like this - it apparently is completely legal and ok. There are things in this universe I dont understand. Quantum Chromodynamics is one of them. This "thing" going on here is another one. I feel so stupid thinking there was a chance of a refund. I don't know about you guys, but I FEEL SO STUPID funding Crypteks ! Echo'ing @Kevin's thoughts: This is insane. I too had mostly licked my wounds regarding this project, and (basically) moved on. Then it came back from the dead, with a promised refund and retail product. Awesome  right?.... That though seems to have been a lie. Why would someone do this - come back and string us along a bit more (and for so long)? I feel like I've been kicked in the teeth and laughed at. Completely insulting to my sensibilities. The constant - oh just a little bit more, and a little bit more, and a little bit more - unreal. I emailed kickstarter, asking if anything has been actually attempted by the backer of this project. Just to see for myself. Asking if Crypteks perhaps emailed kickstarter about the possibility of trying to get a refunds to backers. Got the standard boilerplate trash/fluff that others undoubtedly have also received (so I won't post it here and waste your time.) I must admit, this project has resulted in me being a lot more careful on kickstarter - probably resulting in me not backing a number of projects. "Literally a few days" My stupidity of backing this project is only trumped by the fact that I fell for the promise that I would be refunded... twice. @Derik: Yep! Evidence of involvement? He's the pitchman in the video. I wonder if this could be considered some sort of harassment, as he/they keep requiring information to receive our refunds. He reached out to all of us through kickstarted long after we had all given up on the idea of getting our money back. @Greg: yes, it would seem so. Moritz, Kicjobjob and others have exposed Fahad to be a fraudster and scammer, and there is evidence he was indeed involved in the original Crypteks, despite his protestations to the contrary and claims to be the Cryptrade Messiah (he is in fact just a very naughty boy). If any of his comments regarding Amazon/PaypalWestern Union were true, then we would all be refunded by now. Logically, because none of us are refunded, it follows that he was lying to us. Exactly why remains a bit of a mystery, but possibly litigation avoidance or to give credibility to this and other scams he is perpetrating. Now that he has been exposed (yet again) as a liar, a fraudster and a thief, don't expect Fahad to be logging in, let alone commenting, anytime soon. So was this refund thing just a cruel joke on the backers? It's been over 2 weeks since they have even logged in. Still no refund... No refund yet So, where's Fahad now? Quit logging in coz he's got no more excuse to use or something? No No Thanks for the info. Ok, not expecting much from Fahad anytime soon. (By the way, anyone got a refund yet........?) In the Document of Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs / Michigan about Fahad Koumaiha and Cryptrade. INC the activities of the corporation is design, producing and selling a device known as "THE CRYPTEX". This is not the name which is used here (Crypteks USB) but a similar product. And it looks like the development have been stopped too. <url>"Report this project to us" buttons anymore - apparently I have complained too much about it in the past... Fahad has not logged in for nearly a week. Unusual behavior given we should all be rejoicing and singing his praises over the flood of refunds which should be filling our electronic coffers. I level the same accusations at Fahad that I brought against the original Crypteks (probably just repeating myself to the same culprit): Fahad, you are a scammer. You are a thief. You are a liar. I dare you to defend yourself. @Peter not that I am defending them AT ALL but they did release an actual update 6 days ago. They just haven't responded to comments in twice that. Just in case you missed their fluffy ohh so informative update. LOL Maxmvs look at the comment from Merlin Guillaume Dated October 12th on this thread. He's the biggest backer and He hasn't been taken care of. Sooooo I doubt anyone is coming forward anytime soon with a confirmed refund. I would fund a crowd-sourced effort to bring Crypteks scammers to justice. Surely the must be some paper trail that can be subpoenaed and used to go after the assets of whoever is behind it. It is a bit puzzling why they did the latest refund scam, they were better off before they got everyone pissed off at them for the second time, first being their initial scam. It's been 11 business days since all Cryptrade went dark again. I think it's fair to say we've been abandoned again. I'm having a hard time understanding what the point of this refund process was if it wasn't intended to follow through. My expectations were low, so I'm not surprised. As others have commented, I'm sure the timing and comments along the way must've served some other purpose if not for our actual refunds. At the beginning, we were told that some larger backers were taken care of already first. I wonder if any of them could confirm that this was the case? @Moritz: more medical advice: All bleeding stops eventually..... I would be so glad to see a "trickle of refunds"! A medical advice to keep in mind: If things start to tickle unexpectedly, it might be a stroke. This user's account has been deleted. Absolutely none of the fairy tale spun by this clown has come to pass. This guy and his cohorts are liars and, in my opinion, criminals. Kickstarter is complicit in these activities because they have failed to mark this as a failed project and they continue to facilitate the deceitful behavior of Fahad and his cronies. This is a cat-and-mouse game IMHO. After saying "I've had a confirmation that everything should be processed by mid next week" during last week, now, what Cryptrade has to say is "we should start to see a trickle of refunds for the months of September and October in the upcoming few days"?! I wonder whether Fahad can get some kind of secret prize or something if he kept teasing out the backers like this until the end of this year tho..... In other words, we've only got less than 2 months to go before he officially bails out from this and it makes me wonder whether there'll actually be someone receiving the refund from them until then. See my, and other comments in response to the latest update. It is not plausible that PayPal, WU and Amazon would all simultaneously get confused and not send our money. A statute of limitations on litigation, or some other reason of time stalling being of benefit to Fahad, is the only logical explanation of this behavior. There is nothing to suggest he is not a liar and a conman, which is sad for him. If there is anyone in the US who can in any way look into seriously pursuing legal action against Fahad and Randy Safford, I would cheerfully support it! It's now been more than the maximum 21 days for my PayPal refund, and there is no new money in my account. I would like to see that money please. Oh yeah, one more thing: Kickstarter, you really SUCK for: 1. Being 5% complicit in this scam 2. Doing nothing to support backers on request 3. Feeding us more platitudes, canned responses and bullshit than Fahad ever did For more evidence of KS inaction in dodgy projects, see its utter hopelessness in 'Vertus' wireless Bluetooth device, an ongoing debacle. (Sorry, was that disrespectful?) Hilarious! So Fahad, who has nothing really to do with the original Crypteks, is coincidentally using the same lawyer (our ol' buddy Randy Safford) to crowd fund something proved to be a scam. The more things change, the more they stay the same! Methinks Cryptex and Cryptrade are one and the same = Fahad, who has been a very naughty boy. Give it up folks, this one's over! (But if my refund comes thru, I am going to vote for Grivory.......) Hi, I have found something. Have you heard of Cryoniks ? It was a project of a bitcoins miner. And it has been reported to be a scam. And guess who is involved in that... <url>"Here look, I'm taking care of these people, I'm an honest business person." Fahad, we dare you to prove our suspicions wrong. We have for months. More than a week ago I made predictions on the short term progress of this project. 50% success!! Got the no refund thing spot on. Missed on the expected inevitable platitudes and BS from Cryptrade because: once again we have RADIO SILENCE! They have not logged in for a week (despite tirelessly battling for our refunds!) Hopefully this is not because of illness or catastrophe befalling Fahad; I do not wish that on anyone. But hey, what's going on man? Another week or two and I think we can safely say that the whole refund caper is an absolute charade. But why would they bother? Most of us gave up on this many months ago. Why the false hope for no reason? Attention-seeking? Litigation-avoidance? To get KS off their back? Weird. @Crypteks A, "still working on it", or something to that effect would go a long way for me. #clingingtohope This user's account has been deleted. Obviously Cryptrade is tracking down the scoundrel at the Bank that is holding the money. They're going to storm into the office and yell in front of everyone, "Where is my backers' money?! What did you do to it! I have people COUNTING ON ME!" Cryptrade then will reclaim the funds, and go directly to Amazon Payment HQ, and PayPal HQ, and a stop at the post office to write Western Union checks. No evidence on PayPal either. Also Cryptrade Inc.'s last login here was at "Oct 22 2014", so indeed very much looks like we are in the silent mode again. I just checked my amazon account. There is still absolutely no evidence of a transfer. I requested my refund via Western Union on September 11th. I am still waiting for my refund. Or anything. I just checked my amazon account. There has been no transfer. Today is the 20th business day since the October 1st refund announcement. By the previous schedule, another refund is supposed to go out November (1st or 3rd). Enough time has passed even for large sums of money to be processed (even the full $200k would be processed by now, and we're talking about a fraction of that with ~30+ backers who submitted refund requests in September). Was there even a refund ever planned? Or was this entire process for show? WTH ! What was the point of such a scam, You just bruised us again and reminded us that our money was scammed. Only a little over 30 days ago and it is December and exactly three years as this project was funded! Therefore the question whether there is something like a period of limitation at the US law we need to consider? I just checked my amazon account. There has been no transfer. @George (Sorry for the double post) As far as i know, kickstarter has done nothing about this. Please go ahead and ask your lawyer and let us know what she thinks about this situation since it seems like Cryptrade is going back to the silent mode again. @George Mays @Peter -- I just checked my amazon account. There has been no transfer. 17 business days have passed since the Oct 1st release of funds statement. This means Amazon's 2-14 business days have been exceeded, and only 4 more days are left for the 1-21 days stated for Paypal. I would expect with this much time having passed at least one group would have received a refund and could post about it. No one has posted anything, so I presume none of the refunds issued on Oct 1st have been received. Please confirm if this is the case, or if anyone has actually received a refund through any means since October 1st. Thanks. Question. Has Kickstarter opened themselves up to legal action? This sort of taunting of financial backers is facilitated by their actions and by their failures to act responsibly as brokers of the deal. This forum has become an ongoing vehicle of abuse as I see it. I think I will pose the question to my lawyer and see what she thinks.... Damn I just want my refund, throwing all the same questions at them (which we all know never get answered in a straight response) isn't going to get anyone any closer to getting to some sort of end point for this project, As many of you have said I as well wish this is the truth and we will get a refund, but again I was around one of the first to respond to the refund request and have had to wait well over 21 days but that was spoken about and I know it was from the 1st, however we are now at the 23rd and no sign of anything ever being sent / processed / done, what ever you want to call it, there is no sign of any of it, if this is a new owner of the project or not (HARD to tell at this point) I feel you have not done anything different to the other people and if anything you are just about the same let down as there were. @Cryptrade I fully agree with what Chris said. Currently, we have nothing but words. This is a fact that cannot be spun into its opposite. If you do prepare and arrange money transfers in the order of $200k, I am willing to accept that there might be delays. Nonetheless I assume that you do not just e-mail back and forth with Amazon/Pay Pal/Western Union/whomever, but that you do have good old-fashioned signed letters, forms and other paperwork. Why don't you just pick one or two of them and post them here as proof that this whole big refunding mechanism actually exists and is about to be set in motion? If I had to guess, I'd say a) this paperwork does not exist. b) that there is an NDA. If b) is true, please post the NDA. Thank you! Have a great week! "If I am wrong" : Chris I really hope you are wrong :-) How have we suddenly gone from: "Confirmation of everything being processed by mid next week" to: "I'm optimistic everything will be concluded to the satisfaction of everyone involved ..... any day will be a good day..." The "awkward situation" you refer to simply does not make sense. Your attempted explanations are at best evasive. I also realise you must be annoyed at my repeated questioning and skepticism. This is entirely brought on by the repeated failings of this project, both then and now. So, Fahad, I am going to leave you in peace and not post for over a week. Based on the logic of what I have seen, and partly what I suspect to be the truth, here are my predictions: 1. We will not be refunded by the middle of next week. Or the end of it. Or by Sam's birthday, or by mine for that matter (and no, the date of that one probably isn't relevant!). Why not? Firstly, if the money for refunds had been made available as you said it had, we would be refunded by now. Simple. It logically follows that this money has not been made available, nor have you given any plausible explanation to Moritz and others where these mysterious funds have appeared from. 2. Backers, believing the best in you, will continue to hold out hope until all avenues are exhausted for hope to remaining. This is the stringing-out that you are so good at. There will be more platitudes and evasiveness, but no hard facts. So in summary, Fahad, I think you are being dishonest. There is more evidence for this theory than any other. To extrapolate this further, I do not even believe that you are not the original 'Crypteks'; things to date bear all the hallmarks of the original era: lies, deception and false hope. See you in a week! If I am wrong, you will of course have my deepest and most heartfelt apology for all of the above...... @Cryptrade : The Chris' question was simple : "Can you please confirm EXACTLY what we can expect by the middle of next week (let's call it Wednesday 29th October)? ". You didn't answer, always the same "eventually maybe in a few days something should be OK, I hope" answers. I will help you, here are some example of answers that people here would like to have : a) Next week on Wednesday 29th every backer will have his money b) Next week on Wednesday 29th the money will be on the Cryptrade PayPal/Amazon/... account and the day after it will be transfered to backers. c) Next week on Wednesday 29th we will transfer the money to our PayPal/Amazon/... account. You will notice that I don't use any conditional or uncertainty words in these examples. Meh. @Chris Tomas Didn't see it until now. Thanks! @Fahad So when can we expect refunds by? It would make a great birthday gift, 11/9. Sudden transfer of almost all funds is the cause of this delay? I don't think this digital age is vulnerable enough to handle 900+ refunding requests at once no matter what the amount is and it also doesn't make sense especially after that 21 business days thing..... @Cryptrade: it sounds like someone is spinning you nonsense. Transfer of funds electronically should take the same amount of time whether it is $1.96 or $196000. Can you please confirm EXACTLY what we can expect by the middle of next week (let's call it Wednesday 29th October)? Should it be cleared funds in our relevant account? Or a nebulous suggestion that things are going great and moving forward and backers can look forward to the future and it is smooth sailing and almost there etc etc etc etc.... (Kind of growing tired of the nonsense.....) @Derik: 5 days ago I expressed similar cynicism suggesting this was perhaps a continuation of life with Crypteks as we know it. This was met with much indignation by Crypteks, with the usual platitudes of everyone being taken care of, moving on etc. It is getting increasingly difficult to swallow. This needs to be over with. What's going on? How many hands are the refunds being passed to before getting back to us? I've been quiet for a few weeks now. Where's the refund? These extra delays are not acceptable any more. Not one single customer has had any indication that these refunds are real. How can that be after 3 weeks? Not ONE person other than Cryptrade can say the money is moving. What kind of joke is this? Nobody would be satisfied with a bank that doesn't release funds after this long. Was the refund money not available when we were told it was? I'm begging here, prove my cynicism wrong. So, by my counting, the latest those who asked for Amazon refunds (not I) should expect their refunds is this Wednesday or Thursday (Oct 22/23) ... Paypal last day would be Nov. 4 or 5... based on the 1-2 days for the bank transfer and the most conservative 21 day processing time by Paypal. I am happy to be patient for a bit longer. But at some point, this becomes ridiculous. As I understand at the moment. We had to wait up to 21 bussiness days for the refunds to be transferred, so that was somewhen oktober 1st. Now apparently it takes, in my case with PayPal, 1-20 bussiness days for the funds to reach my account... Just out of curiosity, I requested a refund on 9/2 should I have received it by now or are we all still waiting? @Sam: gave you a personal summary of the entire project 6 days ago! Nothing else seems to have gone down. @Crypteks I've been following the updates but I just haven't checked into the comments for a long time. Also, I don't remember if I sent you an email yet re:refund should I send one again just in case? @Anyone Can someone give me a tl;Dr of what went down? Completely agree - the communication has been greatly welcomed. This has been an insane ride - the ups/downs/sideways/etc... So seeing posts here, regularly, helps a great deal. And even with this rather heart pounding ride, I do look forward to having this product in my hands. I think that this is filling a void for many - the want of a beautifully designed, well engineered, crypto-hardened thumbdrive. Thanks for the response. With all the frustration, the one thing we do appreciate is the improved response time / communication on your part. Look forward to more of it making sense in the near future. "As of right now everything looks great." I beg to differ. You have used a lot of words below to clarify nothing. The reasonable times you quote have long passed. Had all of the refund money been transferred as previously indicated, we would have been refunded by now. So, could you please give some simple answers to the following: 1. Has Cryptrade transferred all the required funds for refunds to Paypal, Amazon etc? 2. If so, exactly when? 3. If not, why on earth are you stringing us along like this? Is it to avoid litigation? Your posts are losing credibility. Can you post receipts/ transfer documents etc as proof? Otherwise, why should we believe this is anything but a continuation if the same old scam? Actually, has anyone wondered where the money does come from? There were about $200k available in for this project three years ago. a) Assuming this whole thing is a scam, the money is likely to be gone (at least most of it). OR B) Assuming on the other hand it was true what we were told, then many, MANY things got terribly wrong in this project. Parts were manufacured (circuit bords?) and different companies were involved. All this would have cost money. From both standpoints, the result concerning the money would be the same: Most or all of it would be gone. Acutally, I start asking myself, where is the money coming from that is ment to be used for the refunds? New management? The company was bought or has found new investors? Maybe. But is that likely in the face of what has happened over the past three years here? And now we're experiencing... what exactly? Deadlines that are missed, answers that spare essential information? And the person responsible right now is... a name. The proof that there actually was a change of the company's owner... a kickstarter update/comment. The refunds to be sent out... a promise. Quote "I've checked with BofA, Amazon and PayPal and we're still within the suggested wait times. New accounts, amounts well over 10k. Hopefully this will only be a matter of literally a few days. " I tell you if i was putting over 10K into an account I would what to know to the hour when it would be there. Waiting in hope for these refunds.. Like others, my patience is wearing thin and my scepticism is at dangerous levels. The point of deadlines is to meet them and you have consistently failed to meet the ones you set yourself. Whether or not this round of refunding is real, it seems like you're just leading us on with extended deadlines (which are not also met). We're not asking for a QUICK refund. We are asking for a refund. While we wait for our refunds, here is a little game I would encourage all backers to play. It takes about 20 minutes: 1. Go to Updates 2. Read updates #1 thru #37 (from the old Crypteks/Cryptrade. 3. Now read updates #38 thru #44 (from the new Fahad). Notice anything ????!? Ohh on a side note @Merlin. Wow I would love to know more about you and your experiences with crowd funding projects. To drop 4k on a three year project would make a cool story to read. Okay atleast a little progress was made out of these rants. You said you are still in the window for new accounts. See we were never told about this window. Can you let us know when BoA window expires? Then let us know the Maximum amount of time it takes to wire the money from BoA to our respective accounts. We're all used to you guys missing deadlines and we'd like to believe you but it's time for full disclosure. What is the timeline for money in our hands. Not for you to start the process of figuring out what that process is (21 days). @Chris, @JuTs +1 @Cryptrade : So far, you haven't kept any of your promises. On september 2nd, you asked us to kindly wait up to 21 business days. This time frame is largely over and nobody here has received his money. One week ago you said "It shouldn't take that long really and we expect this is the best situation possible" and yesterday "Hopefully this will only be a matter of literally a few days." And all that not to mention that in the update #40 you wrote "Refunds will be issued between 6/06/14 - 6/13/14 to all backers of this project." That was five, yes, five months ago !!!!! What have you done during these five months ? Sincerely, I won't trust you before I get my money back or, at least that I see backers' comments saying "Hey, I get my money". I've asked for a refund with Wester Union. The funds are moving from your pocket to the Western Union agency ? What will be the problem with Western Union refunds ? Withdraw the funds in cash from your bank ? Problem of debit card ? I'm waiting for my money, more than $4K (just for reminder) !!! Also, if there is anyone out there who disagrees with the accuracy of the summary I posted for Sam below, please correct me. I actually thought it was pretty fair. @Cryptrade: Like everyone else, I have no option but to ride it out with you! But the history of lies, deception, phony plans/videos, false hope, stringing us along etc. (albeit from your predecessors apparently) means that I have worsening skepticism which I am sure you understand. The fact that not a single backer can report receiving a refund, well after the allocated time frame + many extra days does nothing to alleviate my concerns! I am happy to be proved wrong, but I don't hold great hopes any more. I just got it, thanks for the email :) I will now be waiting for my refund, lets hope it is soon. Just re-emailed you re: refund, please let me know if it went through. "Due to the nature of the refunding process, do kindly allow up to 21 business days for your individual refund to be issued." @Cryptrade I did. Now it's your turn. Kindly give me my money. @Sam: had you last checked in August 2013, the answer would be the same: nothing new! A long time ago a hypothetical project Kickstarted a cool idea for a combination Da-Vinci-Code-style Cryptex and USB. These dudes raised an enormous sum of money and vanished from the face of the earth after a lot of bogus hocus pocus and flim flammery. Then another dude, who may have had something to do with the original idea repossessed the dodgy company and promised everyone their money back and a chance to buy a new improved cryptydoodle. Everyone said 'great!' and we're told to click their heels three times and wait 21 days and their money would magically reappear via the computer screen in the Amazon Paypal. 21 days came and went. Nothing happened. But we were told: Behold! The magic has begun! Can you feel it happening! Your money is moving toward you over the computer lines. Any minute now............... Guys, are we a bunch of suckers or what????!? Hey all! I haven't checked up here since about mid august. Someone mind filling me in? :) Hi I just wanted to check if you got my email about the refund and when abouts it would be processed I was going to leave it till the 21st as I remember something about 21 days from the 1st being said somewhere? Thank you also for the email response. Much appreciated! Thanks for the email and the punctuality of your replies. Haven't received a confirmation from my refund request or followup message. Can you let me know what the status is? Can I get a confirmation as to the status of the refund? Like the others, it's been more than 21 business days since you confirmed receipt of my email requesting a refund. What is going on? Thanks. Got it. Holding breath. Have you processed my refund? Haven't heard from you since I emailed your account. Please revert. @Cryptrade: agree with your comment below - it shouldn't take that long really..... While I am here growing ever more skeptical, can I also please get you to confirm you received my refund request. Thanks! Hi, I emailed <email> on Sep 7th AEST for a refund, It has been more than 21 business days and I haven't heard anything back yet. Can you please let me know when I can expect my refund? This whole thing seems odd. I know if I want to give someone money I don't give the money to paypal along with a list of ppl to send it to. I just actually go into my paypal account and give people money since thats kind of the whole business model paypal is built on. I don't understand why you had almost 200k and then gave it to amazon and paypal to give out. There has to be another third party. On top of that you guys had to do the math to decide how much to give amazon and how much to paypal and how much to western union. Who's the other third party? If its out of your hands who's hands is it in. WHO"S GOT MY MONEY!?!? AHHHHHHH All this waiting!!!! ;) @Chris I've requested a Western Union refund on September 11th. The 21 business days should be over this friday. I havn't received any notification, e-mail, or money. Maybe this changes at the end of the week...? @Cryptrade And yes, I have checked my junk mail folder. Ok, thanks. The email is still missing (checked junk etc.) but I consider this as an acknowledgement. Thanks again. On September 17th you wrote "We're writing a small script to send email confirmations to everyone that sent one. We will also be sending out another reminder tomorrow evening.". Sadly I have seen nothing even though I have written to your email address multiple times requesting for acknowledgement. This is also to the Andy's point (a). Nothing here as yet @Cryptrade Inc. If you sent anywhere close to $196,404 back to us I would have hoped you get something back from Amazon or Paypal to let you know the $100,000's of $ you just sent to them went where you where expecting it to go. So you should be able to let us know. I would also have hopped you would have sent and email to each person you where refunding to let them know you had. a) so we know to expect it b) to keep your own records straight. I know sending 989 email's is a mammoth task but.. It just good house keeping. Refund yet, anyone? Anyone........? Dear Cryptrade With all due respect, the current state of affairs is very similar to all of the pseudo-progress, flim-flam, delay, ducking and weaving that was so typical of this project's earlier years. Everything is in place. We are all set. Refunds all organised for 21 business days from this date. Date comes....... Nothing. Honestly, I would have been happier had you simply stayed quiet and disappeared with our money. This continues to be a huge disappointment. I have no faith in your promises, nor will I until some of the things that are supposed to have happened finally eventuate. (Yes I know, not your fault, subject to third parties, currently beyond your control blah blah blah). Your reply is rather cryptic. Who are the representatives that you speak of? Are they employees of the various institutions? (paypal, amazon, western union?) Although it may seem good to you to consider it 'out of your hands', as a business, I believe the refund process is still very much in your hands until each of us confirms receipt. Any actions, even taken with the involvement of 3rd party representation still reflect on you (perhaps even more so as you must apply pressure to the 3rd party that no one else is interacting with). Can you post an estimated timeframe provided by the 3rd party representatives once you submitted the list? I have a peek behind the curtain question. What does it mean that you issued us a payment? Did you just start the process to transfer money into your own PayPal account? Then after the 6-8 business day waiting period you plan on transferring it to the individual backer's accounts? I'm just trying to decipher what exactly is occurring. It's undoubtedly frustrating to repeat things all the time and only express your good intentions to us. The problem is, as it has been for months now, that the only thing right now we have to go for (since there's not even a pending deposit for the transactions from a backer perspective, for one reason or another) is your word that it's happening. I'll be unbelievably relieved and satisfied when people start popping in to let people know there's a pending credit to their paypal or amazon or whatever accounts. The problem is the trust just isn't implicit as much as we want it to be. I will say you've been very vocal here on the thread and that's appreciated to an extent, but I know myself and many others will not be convinced until some evidence of credit is there on our own amazon/paypal accounts (even if it's still pending) It's just another jab in the stomach hearing that after so much time, and some more time, and some more time, and 21 days, it's going to be a little bit more time until we know if your word is worth what you say it is. Personally I had hoped that this pending mystery behind the scenes stuff was going to be included in that 21 days. It wasn't and I won't deny I'm let down by that, after hearing about the number of different behind the scenes transfers and account stuff that you have reported. I look forward to the day in the VERY near future (still upset that day is not going to be today) I can come back here to confirm that I have a pending credit to my amazon account. Until that day I'm very cautious with my expectations. I smell shenanigans... "Due to the nature of the refunding process, do kindly allow up to 21 business days for your individual refund to be issued." It seems the right answer would to have been either start your process a week ago or give us a 26 business day timer and still start your refunds today. However telling people wait 21 business days implies that in 21 business days at least 1 person will have received a refund with cash in hand or at the very least a message from a third party (Paypal, Western Union, Amazon) saying that you have money pending verification or something... Sorry, just saw update # 44. Looking forward to a refund sometime today! I sent my refund request Sept. 2 but did not receive the update supposedly sent out an hour ago. Has anyone else actually received an update or refund into their account yet? I know it will be October 1st all day, but hopefully the refunds go out soon. I haven't seen anything yet if it was supposed to be automatic. I'm on the same page. Round 1 should go out tomorrow. Is everything set for tomorrow? I was fearing that the 'please allow...' statement was going to mean "don't expect anything until..." but either way, that day is almost here. For what it's worth since you confirmed receipt of my request on Sept 2nd I considered September 3rd day 1 of 21, which would make Tomorrow, Oct 1, 2014 day 21. Is my logic correct in considering that? Just looking for what to expect tomorrow. Ok, I think I see what you're saying. The first part of my question is answered, and I look forward to you meeting the October 1st refund date. The second part of the question was for the sake of the other backers. If they sent their request later than September 2nd, and didn't see a refund issued on October 1st, I wanted to understand if it would be a staggered refund date based on request date . It sounds like you're collecting the list of refund requests and are planning everything you have so far to be released on October 1st, which is good. Thank you for the reply. Another thing: Don't let us down on October 1st. I am sure there are still many who still see value in your product and are trying to remain positive through this process. Today is Business Day 18 of 21 for any backers who submitted a request for refund on September 2nd. No matter how many responses you received (30, or just 1), I would expect you to live up to this timeframe as you have stated your goal is to complete the refunds and continue with the product to market. That being said, if you're sticking to the plan outlined in your update on Sept 2nd, which stated that you would refund those who submit their request within 21 business days, that means the first backers who requested on Sept 2nd should expect a refund no later than October 1st (next Wednesday, the 21st business day since Sept 2nd). I'm still waiting for you to confirm that this is what is to be expected. Then, anyone who submitted their requests after this day, would add 1 business day for the deadline (For Example: Sept 3 would be by Oct 2nd; Sept 4 would be by Oct 3rd; Sept 5th would be by Oct 6th; Sept 6th/7th/8th would be by Oct 7th; etc.). Is this a correct assumption? If I was unclear in the previous post with my words "until now": I mean that I still have no answer/refund/etc. I am still waiting for "something to happen". I've requested my refund via Western Union on September 11th and havn't heared anything until now. In the mail I've asked to be informed as soon as possible when the request will be processed - no answer to that question and no reply at all to my e-mail. The 21 days are not over yet... even though there might be a questionable phrase about the 21 days in the original mail, I assumed that this is the fixed time span needed and did not assume that there would be any action before this deadline. So, we'll see. There has gone so much wrong with this project, therefore I selected the most anonymous money transfer option possible. Still it feels a bit like investing even more personal data into this scam. Nothing here either. Nothing so far. Emailed them within first 24-48 hours of being asked. Fingers crossed, expectations kept in check. :( So, the backer numbers haven't changed; in theory everyone should still be able to post here. In a few days all the refunds should be complete. So.......has ANYBODY got a refund they care to talk about?? (= the more things change, the more they stay the same .....) Just to be clear, you said in the previous update that batches would be sent out by institution (amazon, paypal, etc) throughout the 21 business days. In this comment, you say that refunds have already gone out by some tiers. Are those tiers the same as institution, or backer level? For example, I am pledged at the $395 "tier" backer level, and requested a refund via paypal. The tiers who you say have already had refunds go out, can you give a general example of which that is (by institution or backer level)? And, if the backer numbers do not diminish, then should these backers still have access to the project and be able to comment that they have received the refund? Also, specifically for everyone who submitted the email on Sept 2nd and you confirmed receipt, does that mean no later than Oct 1st (21 business days), we should see the refund no matter what? Worded another way, today is business day 14, so there are 7 business days left to expect the refund for anyone who sent their request on Sept 2nd? Please confirm this logic, as you have reminded us several times about the 21 business days from the time a refund is requested. I love American Express. Some 9 plus months after this project failed to deliver anything. Despite whatever shit bird terms of service Kickstarter has, I called them up and asked them to reverse the charges and they did. Thank you AMEX. I didn't see a reply regarding my comment. If the refund request email was sent to you on Sept 2nd, then any backer who sent it that day should not expect later than October 1st to receive a refund (21 business days), possibly sooner? Is this the case based on your update? Also, have any refunds actually gone out in any single batch to any single institution since your update, as you indicated would be the case once you started receiving the requests? (amazon, paypal, etc.) I see that we still have 989 backers, should this number also be going down as the refunds are received and the backer is subsequently removed from this project? Is my refunding on his way ? Thanks for confirming. So, the refund won't be processed until 21 business days from the day which the backer had sent out the refund request? If so, stop using the phrase such as "Up to 21 business days" coz "up to 21 days" basically means that it'd take 21 days as the maximum and otherwise, it can be done earlier than that. You keep making backers confused because you've been using "up to" although many ppl has been asking about it. Haven't received any kind of reply after submitting e-mail.... Cryptrade, please confirm whether you did receive it or not. Also, pls confirm whether it'd take UP TO 21 DAYS or it'd DEF TAKE 21 DAYS to refund. According to your update on September 2nd : "Due to the nature of the refunding process, do kindly allow up to 21 business days for your individual refund to be issued. We will be sending refunds in batches with the assistance of the issuing institution.". Not including the date the update was sent, it has now been 10 business days since then, or about half-way through the estimated maximum number of days. I know I sent my information that same day (September 2nd) and received a reply from you. As we are just about the half-way point, I would suspect at least one batch of refunds would've been sent out using at least one method (amazon, paypal, etc.). Is that the case? Or are you postponing all refunds until the 21st business day (October 1st)? just wondering if you got my email request? Thanks, Karl When will the refunds actually be sent out? As with so many people here, I believe that it would be nice to recieve a confirmation email. If in the end we do not receive the refund, we do not want the reason be that you did not receive our email. I believe just a automated reply will not be too much to ask. Can you please confirm reviving my refund request email. This user's account has been deleted. @Derik, just open something like a Cryptek Google Group and post the address here before you are kick out. Just wanted to confirm that my refund request went through ok. Like other I have send a request for refund, but received no reply as to if it has been received or not. Give the anxiety around what is happening here. Would a simple received response not be helpfull to the backers? Figures, Kickstarter really doesn't like people locating failures. Much like many other companies they get swept under the rug. Unfortunately they remove the credit everyone is due for supporting something in the first place. Cryptrade, officially, where is the best place to keep up with your efforts after we're neutered? Just wanted to make sure my email went through/isn't missing something important, thanks! @Chris Thomas & others -- on another project where everyone got refunds, I got a notice from Amazon about the refund; after that, I couldn't post any comments or see any Backer Only updates. Also, the Backers tab still showed the number of backers -- but no names at all. Hey Guys Just sent you my refund details via the "contact me" section. Can you confirm you have received it? Thanks. LG Cryptrade can you please confirm receipt of my refund request, thank you, still looking forward to the future of your product availability! @Cryptrade No confirmation of reception from your side about my email. Did you receive it ? @Chris, no problem and as a backup we both can communicate via the Qwerkywriter forum ;-) Sorry @Kickjojob; I remember there was a backer who was very helpfully proactive in the earlier phases who managed to score a refund. Anyway, good luck and keep up the good work! @Chris, I'm not refunded until now. Although, from memory, didn't someone get a refund way back when, then continued to post? Was is it you Kicjobjob, or someone else? So without us being able to comment, will we be able to see updates? Or are there other ways you will be dispensing aforementioned discounts on future products (Believe it or not, I'm still interested in seeing these products get produced!) If we get cut off from everything, well then that part of your gracious deal would be unfulfilled. Anyways, either way. If I do get my refund and have a voice here, I'll speak. It's the least I could do to acknowledge the act after the past few months of cynicism. Hi, just wondering if there will be some sort of acknowledgement of our email when we request our refund, or do we just wait until funds appear in our account (or doesn't should something go wrong)? If Kickstarter themselves is giving their share of the funding back, I can see them taking away comments. Hope not, you guys all know how much I like commenting on this project =X I guess with the way they act though, I wouldn't put it outside of the realm of possibilities. Despite the fact that it would make no sense to silence people who give praise over finally (effectively) finishing a project. And since Cryptrade brought up the subject I'm guessing it's been brought to their attention by Kickstarter. Request to all backers seeking a refund: Could we all please post a message here once we receive our refund? This will give some hope to those still waiting, and also serve as an independent monitor to exactly how efficient the refund process really is. (And give positive reinforcement to Cryptrade as to how much we love them, to keep the process going) Well I already know I'm probably at the bottom of the refund pile if there is such a 'pile'. I'm just trying to help out my co-backers clarify things. What isn't clear is the 'schedule given' 21 business days from when? From when a "Batch" is issued? From when you first respond to the given email address? From the last email / good faith notice? Somewhere in between? We all want this part over and the focus to be on the actual unit. I'm not trying to complain here just ask a few questions. There are milestones that nobody but you knows that sharing would bring some comfort to quite a few people here I'm sure. Thanks! I think the question is more.. If we're confirmed, do we have to wait the 21 business days for everyone else to respond, before our refunds are granted. Or more simply, will any refunds be refunded before the first of October? I would say there is no need for any delays... When They get a mail and can verify it's validity, the refund could be done immediately. All the rest has been checked. So what's the time frame for doing these refunds. How long after send the email can we expect you to check and process the refunds? You got mail :) Humans, other anthropoid apes, rabbits, opossums and wombats are virtually the only creatures known to have an appendix in their intestine. Zimbabwe defeated Australia in cricket for only the second time ever on the weekend. A baseball game in Japan took 4 days and 50 innings to find a winner yesterday. (None of this is any less relevant or informative as regards out refunds than anything posted by Cryptrade in recent weeks...... Please surprise us with your upgrade.......) I wonder if we'll have our money back on christmas. Three years after this disaster started... And as it seems, we're back to exceeding deadlines. @Derik +1 I'm not angry. I'm just disappointed. 24 hours past and nothing happens. Makes me wonder whether there's someone whom actually have received something within the last 24 hours or not. Thanks How are things looking for this week Cryptrade? Greetings. Could I know when you will refund my amazon account ? Thx u I really hate having to write this. The post, though potentially exciting... That's just it, it's just potentially. There is nothing beyond half promises here. Please give details. Such as, I'm a US Backer, paid with Amazon, Still have the account, shared the original transaction ID. Not sure what else could be asked for in terms of ease of refund. Why is there still not an exact date for when this refund can be processed? Thanks for the response. @Dave: short answer/summary: 1. Not yet 2. Not yet 3. Nah I'm lost and really don't care to read thru another month of back and forth. Is there a refund? Or is there a product? And can we get an actual update in regards to this matter. It would be nice to get an email "CRXii........working with our backers the way a Kickstarter project was intended...." Will CRXii be another Kickstarter? Will Tuesday's update be important enough for a genuine email update? I feel like I'm beating a dead horse here by saying it, but It's far far past time for one. Also, in regards to the CRXi model that you just spoke of being shipped with original specs. Please clarify how and who will receive said model. It will be separate from Kickstarter, correct? This user's account has been deleted. I have tried to avoid updates on this project, since it significantly soured me on Kickstarter as a fundraising platform, but I remain hopeful that my pledge would be returned. I have not yet received any direct messages from Amazon, nor Cryptrade about this campaign since the original funding. I remain hopeful in life, but not about these promised refunds. I have not received a refund through Amazon yet. What should I do? "Our first list came from <email> however, we became aware of a secondary account <email>. Had no clue." No clue. Yeah.... Could you reread your sentence repeatedly till you get one? Then share it with the rest of us? kthxbai Jon Gefaell on August 6 "Refunds will be issued between 6/06/14 - 6/13/14 to all backers of this project." Have I been lied to and ripped off *again* by this damn project? Dafuq? ===================================================================== Creator Cryptrade Inc. on August 6 @Jon, Thanks for writing. On the contrary. We're well underway to sending out refunds. Not entirely sure which day of the week we will commence but you can check back on this page for frequent updates. A mass email will be going out with additional information at that point also. Thanks again. ===================================================================== 10 days, no update. Y'all really take the cake! May 7 2014 "We have received our Amazon Payments updates and currently have a comprehensive list of every transaction made with respect to this project and refunds previously issued." This user's account has been deleted. Ok. Time will tell. (Sorry about the double post - not sure what happened there). Pardon interrupting your lots to do, but can you please clarify? Have you managed to refund $40000 (20%) of all backers since re-captaining the ship, or were these funds refunded by the previous dodgy boys when things were heating up and litigation threatened (ie years ago). Can any backer who has received a recent refund please post here to confirm this? Fahad, I am sure you understand my skepticism ...... It has been a long harrowing road and there is nothing tangible to make me think the road has changed ! Pardon interrupting your lots to do, but can you please clarify? Have you managed to refund $40000 (20%) of all backers since re-captaining the ship, or were these funds refunded by the previous dodgy boys when things were heating up and litigation threatened (ie years ago). Can any backer who has received a recent refund please post here to confirm this? Fahad, I am sure you understand my skepticism ...... It has been a long harrowing road and there is nothing tangible to make me think the road has changed ! 22 days ago you said everything was in place, now you are trying to get a list together??!!?? Oh dear, someone below used the S word again...... To quote you guys there was supposed to be an update yesterday... Just checking in. This user's account has been deleted. Created* Dear Cryptrade, I am really happy that you have taken ownership of the mess crated by you or the previous owners. I still look forward for the product whenever that will be. All the best and please keep me posted. Waiting for the refund. Chan 3 months have now passed since the promise of full refunds. Has any single backer received a refund? If the funds are available to achieve this, and the mechanisms obviously in place to facilitate it, what is going on? To me, reading through the entire history of this project again, all the updates and all the comments, this is just more of the same. Smoke, mirrors, false hope and empty promises. Has anything really changed? Why are we still being strung along like this? Please Fahad prove me wrong. "Refunds will be issued between 6/06/14 - 6/13/14 to all backers of this project." Have I been lied to and ripped off *again* by this damn project? Dafuq? Yes, i mean the Backers only update section. And you are the one who is talking about "previous owners" when you are trying to clear the new delay. So i think you can`t be surprised about the question for more details. Thank you for the nice offer, but I will not be preferred. But if you need a more intimate environment for answering my question it is very simple. Use the password protected Update area at this Kickstarter page. Dear Mr. Fahad, in your posts you are often talking in the third person. Maybe to build confidence to us backers you can explain all of us who actually is "we" and who you are talking about when you say "previous owners". (please with real names and addresses) What are the requirements of being able to see this additional material? Gag order? =( All we see though are the promises and words piling up, as Heiko illustrated. (He's not the only person who thought that, I can guarantee, just the only one who wrote them all out) You've expressed several times how important communication is, but proving it has been, in terms of hit or miss, mostly a miss. By now I know what is happening: They installed a word machine. The modules: Beginning - These delays are unforgivable and we are deeply sorry for the unforeseen delays especially given that this project has already been extremely delayed already. - We're sorry we're not able to move at a more expedited pace and for the delays incurred previously. - We appreciate you writing in and letting us know how you feel about how things are being handled. - Thanks for the suggestions and the feedback. As always much appreciated. - Thank you kindly for writing in. Your feedback is very appreciated. - Thanks for comment as you address a few important issues. In between - We are almost ready to start the issuing process. - We're 95% on track after-the-fact however - We've had to sort out the mess left behind to be able to do a few things. - We are also expecting the last series of transfers to go through within the next 48 hours. - All accounts are currently successfully consolidated and we will be allocating funds across various e-pay platforms during the next few days - Backers will be given the option to receive an Amazon transfer, an ebay transfer, a Western Union transfer, and in the rare event that aforementioned cannot be received for whatever reason, we will work with that backer to find an appropriate solution. - By taking on this project we were fully aware of the consequences however, look forward to getting everything on track relatively shortly. Ending - Thank you kindly for taking the time to voice your opinion, we appreciate the feedback. - Thanks for your feedback. - Thanks again for writing in. - Will keep you guys posted as planned. Thanks again. - Thanks again everyone for taking the time to write in. Will be back with an update early in the week with concrete timelines and further details. Have a great one. - rying our best to give out updates when we have them. Thanks for writing in. - Thank you for commenting. It's always a pleasure to get feedback from one of our backers. - Will keep you guys posted as planned. Thanks again. An now: Ask your question, then shake it, baby shake it! And you've got your answer! So easy it is. Much easier than prooving, that something is happening (like: "Those backers who pledged via amzon got their refund today. For further information: <email>") @Heiko I agree. Obviously, the new Cryptrade guys haven't learnt from the old Cryptrade guys' mistakes. Always unkept promises. On May 13 you wrote : "Refunds will be issued between 6/06/14 - 6/13/14 to all backers of this project". You're even unable to keep a objective in a less than 24h timeframe, a week ago you said "a scheduled update should be going out within the next 24 hours." Unbelivable. The same blablabla all the time. Many words, no sense. An no proof, that there is happening something behind the scenes. I guess that there is a special timelimit until the backers have the option to file an unprecedented consumer protection lawsuit. @Crypteks I'm getting to the point where I am starting to doubt if the refunds are going to happen. Is there anything concrete you can show us to as proof you are working on refunds? If not, please refrain from setting dates on anticipated refunds. Once everything has been completed, and the refunds have been sent, then let the backers know. In the mean time, it is frustrating the backers more and more over how this project went. @Crypteks Fahad, my suggestion is that you post an email update with some of the information you've been posting here in the comments, and here is the really important part. You let backers know that there are updates being made in the comments section. And to check the comments if they want updates/to ask questions/interact. That way it's the best of both worlds. =) That might be valid. I don't know other people's habits with kickstarter emails. I can confirm it can be very spammy and I have turned off email updates for particular projects because of that. Very few. and those projects had many, many, many more than 40 updates in 2.5 years. I don't know who would tell you that no email communication is better than some, though. Even so, people are requesting one and apparently that has less weight than the aforementioned suggestion. It's very disheartening to see resistance to it, as if posting an update / email is a negative. As for the product, I'm glad you like it, I liked it too, it's why I'm here. I'd like to see it come to production. I'll probably pick one up. But only after the refund promises are kept. I'd like to see it more in line with today's technology as well, being years beyond when they were initially expected, as in maybe USB3.0 and >8/16GB, though I could understand if that's not possible either, after all if I received what I wanted when I wanted it, I'd be a couple years behind now anyways. Thanks for your responses. Sigh...... If something seems too good to be true...... I'm in agreement with many others here. Let's not be concerned about spamming. That can be turned on or off by any user that doesn't wish to hear any more. I think the most important thing is to have your latest official "update" reflecting relatively accurate information, right now It states refunds will be issued 06/06/14 - 06/13/14 which has come and gone. I know to come to the comments for information, but not everyone does, and there have been assurances (legit or not) that might please the people who don't have the time to visit the comments section of a project they supported two and a half years ago to find out what's going on. The only reason at this point I can see to not do another KS update/email update is to keep the backer involvement low by letting them forget about it again. Nobody will complain about an update over a refund if you tell them your intent is to still produce the product and they can give their money back to you when it's ready to go.. If that's still the plan. @crypteks I imagine what dimono meant is an emailed one (I'm sure you knew that but I felt it need to be stated). I imagine a lot of people have all but given up on this project and aren't checking here for updates. Thank you BTW for all the updates here. All of these delays have been a little mind numbing but at least the level of engagement you're providing is giving a lot of people some much needed encouragement. Keep it up! I'm a Canadian backer and I have not heard anything from anyone about my refund yet. When can I expect news? @Cryptrade The last update that went to all backers was back on May 13th. I saw something else on the internet that reminded me to check in here and see what had happened since. I think it might be a good idea to put out another update so that everyone gets to see that you're still moving forwards. @Crypteks Yes it does, thanks. Anytime now Lighten up. It's a joke.... There's enough stress in this project, not sure why politics need to be added. @Cryptrade. Are you really Barack Obama goofing on us while flying back and forth to fund-raisers? "Hey Michelle! Come read what I told these guys...." @Cryptrade concrete details would be very much appreciated. Thanks for following the comments and responding promptly. I understand each and every project is mutually exclusive, it was more a metaphor. Most do not, but some do achieve great speed. Everything here seems to be cursed with something drawing out each and every step. I'm still going on the cautious belief that you're speaking the truth about everything and in as much, or more frustration than any of us. Assuring that the ball is rolling. I'm just unnerved that not one of the backers have seen or heard the ball yet. It's all been hearsay. I'm trying to be patient and optimistic. The truth is, I've been a part of projects that have made more, had just as many backers, and delivered the product to my door faster than the time it's been now that we've assured refunds (Only counting the time since Update 38, since apparently prior to that was different entity.) Fahad, Cryptrade, whoever. We've been at 95% for three weeks. What's the snag? @Crypteks, I'd just like to clear something up. Earlier you said you will be refunding everyone, but you recently said "simply making sure backers that pledged amounts for the CRXi units receive their payments back." Which is it? Still a lot of loose ends it seems. Best of luck. haha, transfering money doesn't take a lot of time for us, we have pledge in just .... 10 seconds with our credit card. Wire transfers bank to bank take several days, not weeks or months, or you are not receiving money from earth maybe ? So, I pledge $4275 (oups, I said the amount I've pledge in public) in this project, will I get my money back or did I need to continu wasting my time by reading this comments ? For me, this project was the baddest I ever seen, so I don't expect to get my money back. I you are really on your way to give us our money, that's good, but for me, until everyone got his refund, you will be a liar. Hey Cryptrade - How are things going? Did you bump into some problems? How about and update.... @Cryptrade Couple of days have already been past since you've mentioned "we will be allocating funds". Why no update? and why we still haven't heard anything from the refunding agency or so? If you have time reply every single backers making the comments here, just post the updates so that we can figure out what's the status NOW. This has to be some type of bad dream. Seriously. I funded this debunked project almost 3 years ago! And am still getting the run around for $160. Same push backs same false deadlines. I'm honestly tired of it. This has become a joke. I don't believe refunds will be made. I've seen no proof! I haven't been contacted at all in regards to where or how I would like my money back. And yet I still read the same broken promises. Why? Why after all this time would you (the designer) want to spend 196k to "clear your name" I don't buy it. Why not a real update? Why not an actual timeline? Where's my money? And what happens to the international backers of this project? Do we get a refund too? Thanks for keeping a relatively timely schedule with updates. You mentioned last week that there would be a series of mini-updates up through tomorrow, and that today a consolidation for all accounts should be done. Is everything still on track for that schedule? Should we be expecting individual notices throughout the day or an update to your comment? How will you proceed for the international backers ? Yeah I had a burst of renewed faith after Communication started back up. Now it seems to be the same slipping deadlines the same false promises that got us into this mess. "The Need of the Many out weigh the Needs of a Few." I'm sorry that some people will have to wait longer to get a refund but at this point you need to refund a couple people something so that you will instill some kind of trust. I'm sorry that some of your niche investors will be delayed due to tax or account processing issues but the bulk of people need to start getting something. Currently the same thing that happened to the last group is just reoccuring. Dear anybody-that-will-listen. I am bothered by the "all or nothing" approach to repatriating the money with the appropriate backer. Of course there are several unusual circumstances that pop up. But why would that effect everyone? Heck, somebody could have simply verified the names and addresses of the recipients, and then started writing out checks. How long could that possibly take - a few days? I'm sorry, I still do not have a great deal of trust in what is going on. The backers have shown their good faith in the project. All that seems to emanate from Cryptrade is hollow promises. Sorry if I hurt your feeling bub.... Basically what you're saying is enough of a fuss was made concerning this product, and your name was quite clearly attached to it (If I'm not mistaken, isn't that you in the video for this project?), that it was effecting your personal future. There is a danger in using the Anonymous nature of the internet to support a "company" like Cryptecks. Nobody was ever aware of who was making decisions, and the former "company" never made any attempt to separate you from them. I hope they weren't friends of yours. It's pretty horrible that they would just "leave" a project because their profit margin wasn't there. It's been a fairly prevalent issue on Kickstarter, people intending to start a company, but then realizing their products are too niche to have the margins they dreamed up, or that they were not planned well enough to carry through. Either way, it's never been considered an option for Project Creators per the KS ToS. Unfortunately that historically hasn't been very well enforced. Obviously, if you're telling the absolute truth, I am sympathetic to your position, however, that trust isn't established. Frankly your "former owners" have completely wrecked your reputation. I believe you understand there's only one way to resolve that, and it doesn't need to be said anymore, just delivered. As I've said before. This is a tough position to be in, and I wish you success in climbing out of it. I hope you have the integrity to not "leave" this difficult position after all you have personally said, like your apparent predecessors had. Thanks for that. I guess I am a bit curious : who exactly are you? Were you in any way responsible for the original Crypteks? Who were they? How and why did you take over from them? How are you related? If they embezzled/wasted our funds, how can you possibly refund us and launch a hardware project? What on earth was going on with the bizarre video they posted with a heap of USB sticks? Are you in any way affiliated with or in communication with Randy Safford, who seems to be the legal patsy for all past misdemeanors? Thanks for the invitation to ask these things, I guess I am a little curious and (?understandably) skeptical all at the same time. Still loving the open channels of communication though! Cheers Ok Cryptrade, now I am feeling a little uneasy. No update as promised. No refunds yet (we all have registered email addresses, why not just Paypal credit them?). This is how things went bad originally - little delays, slightly weird excuses, lack of progress despite upbeat promises, vague distractions........ We all have bad but vivid memories of how things panned out with Cryptex Mk I . Please, please don't let this be a continuation of past sins. Please can you give assurance and proof that this is not just a pipe dream. Best wishes as always CT So where are things standing right now? Perhaps an official update establishing this is in order? (Not a comment update) Thanks! @Chanakya Surprised? What's happening? No updates since some time now. @Cryptrade, Offering encouragement for you to refund us is... well... awkward. Instead I will wish you encouragement to get through this stage of the project and follow through with your goals of producing an actual product for us to see. Even though I am no better off than I was a couple of months ago, I am encouraged and excited by the ongoing open lines of communication and updates. If the refund process comes to fruition, and (somewhat miraculously) there was even an actual device, my faith in the Kickstarter process would be somewhat restored. Good luck Cryptrade! @Cryptrade It just whets my appetite even more! Looking forward to seeing what you have in store for the future. Thanks for the consistent updates here, It's very much appreciated. Its Tuesday! Great to see things are on track. When you make the units will you still be making a black one? Because the black one looked gorgeous a couple years ago, and still does! Hey I haven't received any contact from Amazon about my refund, has anybody else? Thank you for these updates - this is greatly appreciated by all :-) Hi, I pledged $175 ($160 plus $15 for international shipping). I look forward to receiving my refund thanks. I've pledged $130 but would rather receive the device. If refunds are happening, is there a pre-order list I can get on? Thanks Thank you so much for the update - open communications. Just for the record, I pledged $355 and I would like my money back please. Hello I Pflegedienst 160 + 15 $ shipping Bchert I Never heard something from refound, but I Sent You a mail. This user's account has been deleted. I e-mailed and forwarded messages requesting a refund, but haven't seen anything. Also sent notice about this via the "contact me" link here twice. Posting a comment here now to see if anything was received. I pledged at the $395 level and requested a refund. Hey guys, I pledged $130 + $10 for Canadian shipping. I sent you this info directly, but never heard back so am now placing it here. To be clear though... I still want the device. I collect Cryptex devices and would like to add this to my collection. ESPECIALLY with its checkered past ;-) Don't want the software though. Just get my the device. If you send me a refund, please add me to your pre-order list when you have real product ready. This user's account has been deleted. I pledged $175. Thanks. Hi there, I ve sended an email 7 days ago (may 6th) to crxi email, could you please confirm that my mail got taken care of ? I pledged $200, and would like a refund. Thanks It's just the community of backers checking the pulse. To be fair that account has gone 'dead' for many months at a time, several times. There's going to be continued interest now until everything is wrapped up. Pledged $160 Want refund! I pledged $200, and would like a refund please. Thanks I've pledged $160 but would rather receive the device... if not, then I'll take the refund. Thanks Btw I pledged $315 total. Thanks! I pledged for 2 keys and would love to wait for mine to come! :-) I have pledged $395 and would like a refund. I pledged $200 and $15 for shipping. Never got the refund before, hoping for it this time. Hey folks, just a question: Again hoping for refunds? :-) Not really?!? I have pledged $160 + $15 shipping. I would like a refund. I have pledged $200 + $15 shipping, I want a refund. What refund options will be avaliable? Could that be direct bank account transaction or Western Union? I have pledged $160 + $15 for shipping.I would a refund. I have Pledged $160+$15 shipping I pledged $160 and would like a refund. I pledged $130 and would like a refund. I never received a refund when the email went out a year ago offering refunds. I pledged 200 plus 15 international shipping. I am the idiot that still prefers the unit if ever. But the refund will be acceptable if no units will be made. I pledged $375 for this project: $355 + $20 shipping. Would like to receive the full refund please. I have email you with my payment details separately. thanks. Pledged $160+$15 shipping. I'd like a refund please. As with the last poster my card details on Amazon.com are long since changed so how will you deal with this? Thank you. Hi. I also pledged $160 and would like a refund. I just read your latest update that you will be doing blanket refunds. I am in the US and my payment was made via Amazon. However, the card originally used has since expired and its number changed (it's been so long that I am sure I am not alone in this). How will the refunds be executed in those cases? Thanks. I pledged $160 and I want a refund. Kicjobjob on Apr 1 This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Kicjobjob on Sep 15, 2013 This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Kicjobjob: Das machen die nicht wirklich, oder? Wow... eight month after i have posted here about my conclusions kickstarter is reacting first time in the public area: they are deleting my posts. Okay, lets try: My Pledge: $160 + International add: $15 = $175 Dear Mr. Fahad, I am still the opinion that only Deriks hint ("Washington State Files First-Ever Lawsuit Over Failed Kickstarter") caused a reaction. Maybe ist was getting too hot for the responsible RALPH R. (or RANDY) SAFFORD from Safford & Baker. So to prove, that this is not another fairy tale, just post: 1. First page of your contract ("Cryptrade Inc. has been purchased from the original owners and is currently under new ownership.") 2. Post a photo of the encrypted boards (which are in your possession) with an actual newspaper 3. Answer the question why you "are currently in contact with Amazon Payments to ascertain which backer accounts have pledged and to whom refunds were issued" and - on the other side - know, that you "can see thankfully you were issued one already" (@Anonybook) Why are your not able to set deadlines? Such as: Post refund aims until 2014-05-31. Refund will be until 2014-06-30. Eventually: Please no more blablabla like ("Granted this is not going to happen overnight but we will honor any pledge refund requested in a timely fashion ...") Well all I really what at this stage is my Pledge $160 + International add $15. IF you do start to product these I will buy one from you later.. All I want is my pledge of $160 refunded to me which I know I never received when they offered the opportunity to request for one during March 2013 which was the last update prior to this project. Hello Fahad. A refund of $145. would be most pleasing. Good Luck. Now I applaud you if this is true, but. In Feb 2013 we get an update asking for all sorts of information one would have guessed they should already have from Kickstarter and Amazon. Which led me to believe this was more of a scam that a true offer to refund us so I declined to offer any more personal information. Now in 2014 someone else pops up asking for us to respond again. I would hope if this were genuine you would have been in contact with Kickstarter and Amazon and would have been given lists of those whom have or have not been refunded. Therefore I would have been looking for a personalized mail to each backer offering the option to go forward or be refunded. This would put us the backer minds at easy that this was genuine and not another fishing trip to gain some more information from us which may deepen the scam. As lets call a spade a spade here someone walked away with $196,404. Ok clearly some money was spent doing something but at some point someone made a decision to walk away with the rest. This leaves us the backers with nothing to show for our trust dubious any Greeks bearing olive branches. New estimated delivery time -- December 2016? Just waiting for these people to request more money and time for the inevitable "issues" that shall arise. As George W. Bush says, "Fool me once, can't fool me again..." Interesting and unexpected development. Nothing to lose and everything to gain by watching this unfold. At least we got drama and thrills for our money. ;) Could the reasons for Update #38 more obvious? Go ahead Kicjobjob !!! Anyone see this? <url>"Crypteks" scam, and have tried to find the password for the updates on the potential lawsuit or whatever might be planned to get back some of the money pledged. I have gone to "Update #37", and looked for a post by Kicjobjob on March 6th, 2013, but have not found it. Am I missing something? Any help is appreciated. Crooks; we should all write It and them off as such and be done with it! another "where is this?" query. Seems they have gone under. What is the status? Kickstarter hacked reminds me about this old account where I backed that one failed project... yup, still failed. No news, still a shame !!! Just doing my infrequent check-in to see how the train wreck is going. Nothing will ever happen of any note here. I'm just curious to see how long people will keep posting. I half expect Kickstarter will freeze projects like this so that they won't even accept comments anymore. Echoing Dave - what's the plan? @kicjobjob what's the plan of action? One year since we were promised refunds. Merry Christmas, everyone. Last login Dec 11, 2013 How do you still have 3 facebook friends? So how are my dollars moving the project forward. You claim honesty; so report! Such a *$%$% project! Last Login Nov 10, 2013 You're still here Cryptrade. Have anything to tell us? Another thing that annoys me is that Kickstarter have left the Crypteks home link page completely unaltered, so it all still looks very legitimate. Could they perhaps put some big labels over it, something like; "FRAUD" "SCAM" "LIARS" "THIEVES", something like that? Oh, that's right, KS get a cut of the ill-gotten gains; Oops, I have been disrespectful again....... @Kicjobjob Great job & sorry I've completely forgotten about this Cryptrade BS for more than a month!! Just submitted my e-mail address through the link you've posted, so let me know if there's something i can do (although i live outside of US like you tho). One please: for the common proceed against this scam it is important to collect email addresses. Because no one reads through all the contributions in this forum, the call will only be read if it is at the top. Therefore my request: please when you write something new here, copy my reference to the blog with the details of the links in your new post so that the disclosures are always at the top spot. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Thanks so much for making this blog for us! NOTE Mac users - I wasn't able to see the "REPLY" area within Safari and it wasn't until I tried firefox that I realized that there was a fillable section towards the bottom. But the important first step is to collect the email addresses from all backers. Only then it is possible to communicate direct. And to agreed on a common procedure. Maybe the next step is a Indiegogo campain with the titel "let us kick the kickstarter scam into it ass". And with the money we can make a big ass kick. Or we can mail a letter sign with 989 backers to the tax office or the Oakland County Prosecutor's Office. So please please spread the blog address <url>"updates" I have posted the password for the blog under Update #37 - For backers only  Mar 6, 2013 <url>#comments Now go to <url>#37 - For backers only  Mar 6, 2013 <url>#comments Here is a link to the blog for class action <url>#comments and i have posted the password under Update #37 - For backers only  Mar 6, 2013 <url>#comments OK, i made a blog where backers can leave a reply with their email adress for a class action. The post is protected with a password. And it is online until end of November. I will published the password in the Backers area And holy crap, after 4 Months and 10 days, they finally logged into Kickstarter. Too bad, they didn't feel they had anything to say to us. I'm pretty sure an email list would have to be subpoenaed from Kickstarter. They don't really seem to be in the mindset to betray their beloved Project Creators. A class action would definitely be news worthy against a Kickstarter project though. Hey! I just got a communication from the makers! And a shipping notice! And a Refund! HAHAHAHHAHA, *obviously* just joking. Carry on, nothing to be seen here. Go to facebook, twitter and mark their site as scam!!! This project is a whole mess and we've all been rip-off. @Adrian M. and @ Chris Ross I think that a post in this forum does not work any longer, cause so much frusttrated backers have leave this place. So question is: can someone get a list from kickstart with all backers email adresses. Then it is possible to make a document where they only have to fill their name and confirm that they support the petition. Kickstarter has always relied on the rule that the backers must act itself, when it comes to irregularities. However, this is only possible if the necesarry data are passed by Kickstarter. So this could be a public test whether Kickstarterit really cares or whether this is just a phrase too. @Adrian M. I'm all in for a letter writing campaign. These people are crooks and are going to get away with it. I have spoken to an attorney about this (pro bono, of course) and there are enough of us here for a class action. 989 Backers... that's quite a loud audience. Is anyone else up for a small letter-writing campaign? I think if the Oakland County Prosecutor's Office made inquiries with Safford and Baker, we would at least get a response out of them. I've written up a letter with details about our situation, and I'm sending it to the address here: <url>have a lot of special needs  a high intensity need for legal services early in their lives. They have to plan their intellectual property strategy, go get patents, plan your fundraising, go get money, all o fwhich is extremely time consuming. It looks like Randy had done a good job cause the boys from Crypteks get their money. Oh, nice. The certificate of our favorite data security company has expired (<url>" Fahad Koumaiha" who worked for Crypteks in 2010 with "a commissioned contract that I was very proud to successfully deliver upon. Unfortunately, I have no bearing on the business practices nor do I receive a royalty from Cryptrade. With that said, Cryoniks, Inc. and Cryptrade are not affiliated". <url>"from honey-voiced Crypteks boss Fahad Komaya, who could easily make an alternative living reading bedtime stories." <url>"We made WIRED! Update #5  Nov 29, 2011  comment Pardon while I geek-out a bit: "OMG!" Check out the WIRED article posted about our project! Wired.com Thanks Everyone for making this happen! -F.K NB: I don't think I'll be reading any bedtime stories!! Haha" And as a baker of the Crypteks USB I had trouble with sending money and got an answer from F.K. on Thursday Dec 8 2011 Simply log into your Kickstarter account, select the "My Backer History" located under the "ME" tab on the top of every Kickstarter page and select the Crypteks USB you have backed. You may edit your pledge accordingly (simply enter the new pledge amount you are pledging!) You will then be taken to your Amazon Payments account to verify the new transaction. It's that simple! Thank you very much for your support, if you have any additional questions or you need any help resetting your pledge, drop us a line and we'll try to help you out! Thanks again! Best Regards, F.K All at a time, at which F.K., Fahad Koumaiha aka honey-voiced Crypteks boss Fahad Komaya will no longer have worked for Crypteks  and never as the boss. Second: in the WIRED article from 2011 the name is Fahad Komaya <url>honey-voiced Crypteks boss Fahad Komaya new company Cryoniks, Inc have the same lawyer like Crypteks/Cryptrades - RALPH R SAFFORD from Safford & Baker, PLLC in Bloomfield Hills, MI. <url>honey-voiced Crypteks boss Fahad Komaya and Fadi Badawi to the police. I can not do this because i live outside the USA. But in my country it costs nothing to go to the police or the tax office and to make a legal proceeding. Is this so difficult in the US? @Kicjobjob I am pretty sure that they did not invest the mony into the Frostbit thing. To me, it is a new scam. If I remember correctly, they claim to use ASICs in this number crunching cube. Do you remember the time it took them to get the chips for the Cryptex-device? By the way: I wonder what happened to them. Are they in use? Sold? Was it all made up? WTF? @Tatsu Ando I do not have the technical background to say something to frostbite.I've only identified sources which suggest that Crypteks and Cryoniks is operated by the same people. People who have earned on the Kickstarter project without offer any equivalent value to the backers. And now you can see what product they have put in money and development time. @Kicjobjob Thanks for the another links. But those FROSTBIT 1000 (another scam product w/ TM from them?) from Cryoniks are still taking Pre-Order with the lifetime warranty available at their website as of currently tho. So, you mean that it's supposed to be their latest & bigger scam project? I wonder what the man that pre-ordered 2 of those hardware that costs at least $14,995 per unit will do if he finds out he'll never receive them. Please excuse me, that I forgot you, Mr. RALPH R SAFFORD as the one who is working at Safford & Baker for Cryptek and Cryoniks. Naturaly you are welcome to. And to prevent people from such misinterpret official statements to this facts would help: from Safford & Baker, PLLC in Bloomfield Hills, MI. from Fahad Koumiaha aka honey-voiced Crypteks boss Fahad Komaya from Fadi Badawi and from Kickstarter All of you are welcome. Sorry, the last word was cut off, it is "evil" P.S. I could comprehend if some people could misinterpret these facts and read them as follows Fahad Koumiaha aka honey-voiced Crypteks boss Fahad Komaya and Mr. Fadi Badawi take the money from the Kickstarter Crypteks USB project and made with it a new project <url>#!/home/. All under the eye and with the help of the lawyer company Safford & Baker, PLLC in Bloomfield Hills, MI. But we are not ev I don`t know what that means. Only things the web knows is: Dan Rosman get an answer from a man with the name "This is Fahad Koumiaha" who worked for Crypteks in 2010 with "a commissioned contract that I was very proud to successfully deliver upon. Unfortunately, I have no bearing on the business practices nor do I receive a royalty from Cryptrade. With that said, Cryoniks, Inc. and Cryptrade are not affiliated". <url>"from honey-voiced Crypteks boss Fahad Komaya, who could easily make an alternative living reading bedtime stories." <url>#5  Nov 29, 2011  comment Pardon while I geek-out a bit: "OMG!" Check out the WIRED article posted about our project! Wired.com Thanks Everyone for making this happen! -F.K NB: I don't think I'll be reading any bedtime stories!! Haha All at a time, at which Mr. Koumiaha will no longer have worked for Crypteks  and never as the boss Second: in the WIRED article from 2011 the name is Fahad Komaya <url>honey-voiced Crypteks boss Fahad Komaya new company Cryoniks, Inc have the same lawyer like Crypteks/Cryptrades - Safford & Baker, PLLC in Bloomfield Hills, MI. <url>"This is Fahad Koumiaha on behalf of Cryoniks, I was recently contacted by a few people reading your site with respect to the following article: <url>scamming or of being a serial scammer when I have done nothing of the sort. It would behoove your staff to perhaps contact Cryptrade for a detailed explanation of their business practices" @Kicjobjob Thanks for posting these links, but i still can't find Mr. Koumaila's interview & also the article indicating that he was signing out as the "boss" of Cryptrade/Cryptek from those links though. Anyway, so does that mean Mr. K was the one that has started this campaign originally and Mr. Fadi Badawi is the current boss of Cryptrade's new management that was praised by some backers as they are doing great jobs? Now I just wonder whether this was a complete scam from the beginning or not. She take my moneeyyyy when I'm in need.... yeeaaah she's a trifling friend indeed Ohhhhh she's a gold digger wayyyy over town That digs on meeeee Here is the reddit link, sorry it took me so long to put it here <url>#msg2250457 You can find the article via techcrunch JP - <url>"boss" of Cryptrade/Cryptek <url>"head" is Fadi (short for Fahad?) Badawi. So it could be true that this are different persons. Nonetheless it is an interesting "coincidence" how similar everything is. @Derik It is. To the people out there that were planning to contact/hire a lawyer on this situation: Have you actually done this? Is there any information that your lawyer was able to find out? This is insane... This is the statement from Mr. Koumiaha to the article from Dan Roseman - and a simple question from me to him: <url>#respond @Dave Thanks for posting this. I'm going to put it on reddit. I'll put the link here for everyone to see. <url>"they are doing great" or something like that) and now you are saying this is scam?! Give me a break and please tell us what made you think they are doing great for God's sake. @Tatsu No, I havn't. Actually I don't know if they would react at all. They don't answer mails, they don't comment here. At the moment I just think they invented a working internet scam and I am really surprised that noone sues them. @Moritz Surprised to see your last couple comments since I thought you know something (which most of us don't really know) that can make you believe Cryptrade is doing a great job. So, you've finally submitted a refund request now?? Had an email contact with Kickstarter. The same standard text block answer that they cannot do anything. Congratulations, @Cryptrade! It seems you have found the perfect way to commit fraud. Is there really noone from the US among the backers with a lawyer in the family or among his/her friends who could be asked to write a letter to Cryptrade, Safford&Baker, and Kickstarter? What about the guys who planned to go to a lawyer with this situation here? Any information? This user's account has been deleted. @Gerry Altmann and your comment from December 25 "...I have tried not to comment too much recently, but since close to the beginning, I've been in regular communication with the designer of this project. I'd signed an NDA, so couldn't disclose anything. So yes, I know a lot about what's going on...." Now we are 5 month later. Are you still sure that everything is going fine? @Kie: I also disagree with the comment you received from Kickstarter : "although we are the platform for the agreement between creator and backer, we are not part of the process" Bullshit. They get their cut. They profit from the crime. @Zach : include them in your grievance! It is useless trying to engage in any meaningful discussion with Kickstarter. After the first blanket reply, all of my communications to them have been ignored. The only other link to Cryptrade seems to be Randy Safford. Anyone living in the vicinity keen to pop in and have a chat with him? Even a final update saying "You've all been scammed!" would be better than this interminable nonsense. I'm with you all. I've been doing some thinking and I agree we've all been scammed. What are our options? I've Sent this: Regarding: <url>"please" is used when people ask for an update. @Kie The only thing that Kickstarter produces when you need their help is hot air. I got in contact with them on 10th of September and found similar empty sentences, e.g.: "... If a project youve backed raises your suspicions, please let our Trust & Safety team know by using the Report this project tool at the bottom of the project page. We review every report with care. ..." I actually did use the "Report this project tool" in the first place. After a second try I got this message: "...I'm sorry for the trouble. It seems as though you might have used the Contact button at the bottom of the page as well, which would have sent your message directly to the customer support team. So you may have already submitted this under "Report this project," but just in case I'm going to forward your message to our Trust & Safety team. Thank you for providing your detailed analysis of the situation. In the meantime, I encourage you to keep reaching out to the project creator, and if you would like me to forward any comments to the project creator, please let me know...." Radio silence ever since after that. Neither I get an answer on direct e-mails nor can I use the "report this project" button anymore. We are far beyond the point where nice web-2.0ish weloveeveryone-question-asking is appropriate or helpful. Actually, I am surprised that they did not withdraw the comment-function from the users of this project. Or maybe they did for some of them... who knows. How about an update, please. This project successfully raised its funding goal on Dec 23, 2011. Today's date: May 15, 2013. Now, I think you owe us a comment. It seems that there is a legal obligation for the Project Creators as follows: "Project Creators agree to make a good faith attempt to fulfill each reward by its Estimated Delivery Date." In this case they seem to neither be giving refunds as promised nor making a good faith attempt to fulfill rewards. So is there anything that we can do now? My letter to kickstarter and their response is listed below. Kickstarter Response: Thanks for writing in and bringing this to our attention. Were sorry to hear that this has been a frustrating experience, but unfortunately theres not much I can do. When you back a project you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our terms of use (<url>#fundraising_and_commerce). This agreement establishes a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and gives backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. Kickstarter itself cannot force the creator to fulfill rewards, offer refunds, or communicate with backers (though we encourage them to do so). It's the creator's responsibility to complete their project as promised. While issues like this are between the backer and creator, it's important that we're aware of these situations. Weve made a note of this, and will take the status of this project into consideration if this creator submits another project. For more on creator accountability, please take a look at our FAQ (<url>#Acco). My letter to kickstarter: > Hi kickstarter, > > Cryptek USB appears to have dropped off the radar after offering refunds then neither giving refunds nor sending out any products. > They appear to be acting dishonestly at this point which is rather disappointing and it does not reflect well on kickstarter. > (Just check out the comments page). > > Kickstarter is happy to publish the success stories but I suggest a blacklist that lists those unscrupulous individuals that have taken the money and run. I assume that kickstarter also took its commission and has left the backers standing in the rain in this case. > I am now quite concerned with other projects that I have backed and have been successfully funded but not yet delivered. We have been waiting for to long now ! It's time to go to war against Kickstarter on Facebook. They should have their page taken down for fraud. U P D A T E P L E A S E Wow. Just. Wow. Glad I got my credit card company to reverse the charges... who woulda thought that even going through the process of winding down and issuing refunds would have been too hard for these idiots... apparently it is thought. @Maurice @Tatsu People assumed a few months ago, that I was part of the "Cryptrade conspiracy(tm)". They were not right about it back than and you are not right about it now. I am a backer and I am still waiting for my two devices to arrive - or to get a final statement from either Cryptrade or Kickstarter. @Maurice That was what I've been thinking since it really didn't make sense (to me, at least) to defend Cryptrade like he did. I think moritz is the project person and they are on here to through us off no one has got any money from a refund or anything I think his is total crap Surprised to learn that there are people (other than Mr. Moritz) whom still believes Cryptrade even now. I mean, if they aren't BSing us, why they can never put up further update(s) although they have been visiting this site once a week or so since the last update which was made almost 2 months ago? @jacky: you are very generous; many of us wish this were true! It is looking increasingly likely that there is no 'product' and they have no intention of refunding the 'loan'. Which would make Cryptrade liars. And thieves. Meanwhile Kickstarter sit back, do nothing, and are complicit in their crimes. Cryptrade: you are giving all of us and impression that you are trying to leverage on the 200KUSD to work on the actual product and once the teething period is over, you refund us and you get an interest free "loan". Not all all a smart move. Remember, Trust is the most important factor in business. What's go round, what's comes round. so, is there an authority in michigan wich can handle our problem ? <url>"Ben Cogdill on April 2 We should start a Kickstarter campaign to fund an investigation into this campaign. How much do you think we would need?" Maybe we could get a PI to hunt them down so we can get our money back! Same here... requested a refund... nothing... I guess it's morbid curiosity that keeps bringing me back. Congrats to those 91 backers that only pledged $1. You lucked out.... No refund here - more than a bit disappointed by kickstarter's lack of anything. WFT indeed. I would have hoped that kickstarter would at least throw in a statement of sorts. @Piscator - Frankly, I'm surprised as well about how Kickstarter believes they have no liability whatsoever in any of this. Emails go ignored until you threaten other action, and all you get at that point is a canned response. I will be reporting Kickstarter to the BBB here in the US, and I recommend others do the same. Kickstarter's lack of public action against these clowns is ridiculous. Has anyone got a refund yet? im still waiting for this so called fucking refunnd they fucking promised still nothing. I don't really know why I keep bringing myself back to this project to check status on it. I must admit that I am completely flabbergasted not to see any guidance from KICKSTARTER on this project. I am a serial backer. I am also considering launching a project on the platform but am very worried that Kickstarter Management does not deem its many fans worthy enough to comment!!! That is not very cool at all. It puts them in the same boat as the scammers; despicable!!!! What about Kickstarter and their accountability ? They're the ones who hosted this campaign, and yet have done nothing. They have oversight and should be able to track these people down and give us answers. If people stop backing projects on kickstarter because management doesnt care about scams, there will be no more kickstarter. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Tatsu No, I did not get a refund, because I havn't asked for one. @Moritz: Wow!! How can you be so certain and mention something like "they are still 100% absolutely dedicated and devoted to satisfy their backers and customers"?! Do you see them working so hard every single day on site or something? To me, they apparently aren't doing anything really to satisfy the customers (all they did during the past month was asked the backers w/ the refund request to provide the certain info so that they can make refunds and nothing-else other than sending me the short reply stating that they've got my refund request in my case) and it's seriously making me wonder what's the actual factor that's making you defend the what's so called as the "new management" so eagerly and otherwise, exaggeratedly. Don't tell me you've got refund already and thus, just fooling around though. This user's account has been deleted. @Moritz hmm such fine notes of sarcasm and just a hint of bitterness @Moritz: Bravo! (but my calendar suggests you are a couple of days late..........) I am certain that the folks at @Cryptrade are still 100% absolutely dedicated and devoted to satisfy their backers and customers with a unique, incredible, outstanding, and beautiful top-notch high security totally and fully encrypteed, and also hardware-locked USB drive with a software that runs under all OSes, satisfies highest standards in usability and speed and has the very best wheel-turn clicking sounds ever perceived by a human being. I think that they really live the social web and are always, ALWAYS there for you, no matter what. I feel so honored to have helped with my very, very little contribution to make this project see the light and become the glorious kickstarter showcase-project that it is today. We should start a Kickstarter campaign to fund an investigation into this campaign. How much do you think we would need? So what's going on. It is this project that unfortunately causes me to second guess all my future kickstarter projects. I take it that no one else got that mythical response email about their refund? Ahhhhhh...., didn't someone mention that "new management is doing great"?? I heard a little voice in the back of my mind saying "Sucker" Did anyone hear about someone getting a refund from cryptrade ? Right. Well, Week 3 has come and gone. Meet the new boss, same as the old boss. Work is turning out to be really obscenely busy this week, but as I find some spare time I'll start putting facts together and see if anybody else wants to join in trying to get Oakland County's attention. @Chris: I was trying to be nice.... It was a tongue in cheek way to show them that this can be done and it should be done. @David: I don't think precision is the reason........... <url>"heat". Many have written about legal actions, in the US and abroad, but none of them came back with more information or telling us the steps they took. The thread of getting sued became a paper tiger. Also, "the media" is not interested in this "project". But yeah, if you've got a good heat source, feel free to try. It's been two weeks since they said "A few more days". This is hardly promising. As a purely abstract question to my fellow backers, do you think it's time to turn the heat back up? That is just total bull, I get the fact that they are not giving false hope but let's say they stay silent for 5 months, non of us backers know how the project is doing or if any refunds are being payed, the only people we can count on are the other backers, without the other backers where would we be? Sat waiting month for an update that may never come. @Chris That's the beauty of it. Instead of telling the backers nonsense deadlines, they have decided to not say anything at all. This reinsures the backers who were initially confused by too many imprecise information that were given out by the old management. @Moritz ok so are you saying they haven't messed up with their own timeframes since going to "new management"? They said on the 27th of Feb that by the 5th of March every back who sent in for a refund would get confirmation and by the 1st of March a reminder would be sent, granted they sent some reminders but only due to people asking questions about Amazon ID #'s although non of which were sent on the 1st or March, in the UK it is now the 20th of March and I still haven't heard anything about a refund, and if I am totally honest I haven't seen any change in management skills throughout this who thing (new management or not)! @Chris Please, you're getting it all wrong. Communication has become much better since the new management is in charge. @Chris The new management is doing great. See, there are no new negative surprises, even though it is always a hard and complicated process to exchange the most important persons in a big, international company that sells high grade, ultra-secure, stress-tested, and beautiful storage hardware. When the hell are we getting this god damn refund this crap has been going on for 2 years now and all I want is the money back as there is never going to be a product. I put in for my refund along with more or less ever other backer but I haven't seen a single response on if it was even received. I don't know about anyone else but I've had it. I was the one who gave the advice and tried my best to help them better their communication but what a lot of good that did. I just want my money and to leave this thing behind. (there=their) Is anyone else spotting a pattern here? This is how it goes: 1. Murmurings and backer dissatisfaction leading to: 2. Escalation of unhappiness and subsequent threats of legal action, leading to: 3. Sudden communication from Cryptrade with promises of changes/progress/refunds etc. leading to: 4. Backers getting there hopes up again and quieting down for a while, with subsequent complete radio silence from Cryptrade. Leading to the whole cycle repeating. Where are we now? No evidence USB device exists as anything more than a pipe dream and a box of cheap drives, now completely outdated. No evidence of any refund progress (we gave them our details, we should be refunded by now!!) If anyone can show me anything that would indicate Cryptrade are anything but liars and thieves, I would love to see it. If I ever get my refund I will retract that last comment. 2 4 6 8, I want my USB stick... that doesn't rhyme. @Eli You are right about the trust issues, I do have them, too. Don't forget why we are all going through this - when I remember right, it is the subtle clicking sound when a wheel is turned by one notch. @Cryptrade Information on the device and the new management/production roadmap, please. Is it possible to get a refund in mixed denomination non-sequential bills, thrown over the garden gate at midnight at my delivery address by a passing transient on a moped? Only asking because this project has not engendered enough faith from me to ever submit or reiterate payment/banking information. I wouldn't trust any information stored in the online locker thing at this point either, nor the software that would come on the key. Alternatively, I'd still like a key, preferably while 16gb is still considered a somewhat acceptable disk size. Even better would be a new design with multiple micro-sd slots for future proofing and no trust-us-we're-good-honest web encryption thingy. You've lost my trust completely, regardless. If the built in encryption doesn't turn out to be something I can format away - well then my key (if it ever arrives) is probably going straight in the trash. Maybe I'll twiddle the wheels around a couple times first to see how cool it was supposed to be while I cry into my soup. Have not yet decided on the type of soup. Everybody else: truecrypt works great with usb keys, if you didn't already know. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. They've got a 100 gb a month plan and overages cost $1 a gb. Chrome auto refresh plugin refreshing every 5 seconds. @Nate Ives: Based on normal server bandwidth costs, I'd say your F5 key. :) If you want to show your serious about getting a refund go to their website and keep refreshing the page. Just incase they update us there. They have to pay for bandwidth and we need answers, who breaks first? Is anyone else half-expecting that "an extra few days" will turn into "an extra few weeks" or "an extra few months", and then the information will get lost and we'll start all over again? Hello folks. I am curious. Has anyone actually received a refund? I would like to suggest that if anybody really gets their money back that they post a quick note here so that others know what's happening. I cannot believe they will close the window for refunds before any product update is posted. Maybe if all 989 backers request a refund, it takes the heat off and they don't have to make a product. I have sent my request for a refund but have little hope of any positive outcome. Surely this must go down as one of the very worst Kickstarter projects ever. No actual product, lots of lies and absolutely appalling communication. A shameful disgrace. So far still no confirmation email. "This update will be sent again as a reminder to all Kickstarter backers again, on the 1st of March" Even sending the same message a second time seems to be difficult So much for sending th update again on March 1st as a reminder. Lets hope they understand the calendar on the 5th better then they did on the 1st. Trying to work out if all that info they asked for would let then scan us again...Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Refund request sent... I tried to hang on as long as I could... The concept is a good one, I do hope something like this does eventually comes to market... I tried to stick it out, I was one of the backers who kept the faith up until the 2 most recent updates, I have sent in for my refund and lets hope they don't mess this up like the others, they get "new management" and yet they still seem the same, anyone else think nothing is being done and there isn't any new management, anyway I personally still have the faith but just can't keep up with the games so "IF" I get my refund and it becomes available online or in stores I will buy one but the way this project has gone I just can't wait any more, I hope this project succeeds but if not and I get a refund at least I stuck it out for 1 year 2 months and 8 days lol. @Cryptrade => send a refund update is not very interesting for those who prefer to have a product update to take their decision. You have a very bad communication, and I think it will be not a surprise if all of them take the refund proposition. Give us a product update to help us to make a choice between remaining a backer or take the refund option. If you can't give us some additionnal informations, I think I will take the refund option too. Woo, some further hope of getting my USB toy :) Just submitted the refund requesting e-mail. Let's see whether they can do the refund by the preferred way (via paypal) smoothly. @Luc - Safford & Baker are only accountable to their clients, it's true, but there's a certain procedural value to contacting Cryptrade through their legal representatives. With any luck we'll avoid that endgame, but, you know, you play with the cards dealt and all that. I figured it out, in the email they tell us to go to Amazon payments but the link goes to Amazons website, not the amazon payment site. so if you are also just as confused as I was go to this link. <url>"New management" - let's see if new means better... 2-3 weeks does not mean 2 months. It's about damn time. I'm glad I'm almost out of this bullshit project. @Cryptrade - "More details on that later hopefully. We'll make sure every continued backer is taken care of :)@ Hopefully isn't good enough. @Cryptrade Do I understand this right? The only part of the device that you have provided proof of production undergoes a change from USB 2.0 to 3.0? That basically means that, at the moment, we all are back to pure belief in the existence of the product? That is sad. I just requested my refund. I will look at buying the device if it makes it to market some day, but the lack of any reasonable communication regarding the device's development has given me no reasonable choice but to request my money back. @Q8GEEK The fact they are emailed *everyone* about the refund I doubt the stick will ever comes out. And honestly, at this point, I have lost interest in this project and I am glad to get my money back. My 2 cents. What if I don't want a refund and wait for the stick to come out? @Adrian M. No - don't be nice to S&B - flood them with correspondance - they're the only point of contact that has at any time indicated that this project is anything other than the scam it appears to be. @Cyptrade - this is your fault - Perhaps each backer should send them a letter every day until you put out a proper update, with some facts, rather than just another crap, worthless apology. If I hadn't seen it in my inbox, I don't think I'd have believed it. I do see it in my inbox, and I'm still not sure I believe it. I guess we'll find out soon enough. I'm cautiously optimistic. OK, so I am confused. The last update at XMas was still about it coming out. Todays sounds like they are refunding everyone, but only if they ask for it? Comeone Cryptrade, how about a simple, clean, concise update on what is really going on. I will keep my money in if there is any hope of actually getting one of these. Or two. I think I bought more than one, but can't remember since I funded this back in 2011 and its now 2013. I have sent a couple of emails and never got a response. If you can write a post like you did today, why can't you add on any POSITIVE information (or negative) on where the Crypteks is in production. Just be honest with us. That's all we are asking. We can individually decide if we want to continue to back you or not from there. Just received the refund email. Replied with the necessary information. We'll see how long it takes.... Well, so much for "today"; now it's "tomorrow". Let's see if Cryptrade can hold a promise even that long. Why do we only ever hear from Cryptrade (albeit the usual meaningless nonsense) when the threats of legal action are escalating?? How about you tell us where this product stands?!?! How about an update on the device itself? Nah, just joking! We all know it doesn't really exist....... Umm...., I'm just hoping that the instruction would surely be sent out within a day or two. But there were people whom were lucky enough to make some money (by receiving an additional refunds) from this!? Damn, I really wanted to be that lucky bastard!! @Chris: No, they're doing something - they're rolling in the nearly $10000 in commissions they made on this $200,000 scam. Do you think a flood of certified letters to Mr. Safford's mailbox might get their attention? Here's their contact information: Safford & Baker, PLLC 40900 Woodward Avenue, Suite 275 Bloomfield Hills, MI 48304 The biggest disappointment here, for me, is the fact that Kickstarter is doing nothing. Absolutely nothing. The first lesson that I learned in Business Law 212 was not to confuse law with justice. The second lesson was "Do you know what you get when you sue a man with nothing? --- Nothing". Forget it folks. Your money is gone. My two cents. This is unfortunate because it was a good idea that was entrusted to incompetents. Around the time I bailed out of this project (got my refund around May of 2012), there were a lot of backers who were criticizing people like me for jumping ship too early, saying that we didn't understand what Kickstarter was about. A lot of those people have been silent lately. Maybe now they'll understand that you go with your gut about projects like this. Over a month since new management spoke about getting a refund together in a few days. We need to see and hear answers. Thanks Tom Collins, I've filed my complaints, I also sat down with a lawyer today to weigh out the options here, he says that the money is probably gone after this length of time, and honestly suing the company may or may not yield results. However, should I choose to pursue that path, he says that the damages alone from 'emotional duress' could far outweigh those of the pledge itself. Also, he would target all parties involved and not just Cryptrade themselves since it does appear to be a scam, and requests for refunds have not been acknowledged. They are in serious breach of the Kickstarter Terms of Service. I have to print out the info here, but I have another meeting with him money where I am going to give him the comments and updates, he says based on just the story and TOS alone it shouldn't be any trouble. Monday will be the day the letter of intent goes out, so we shall see. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Thieves, thieves, thieves. That's all you can call people who promise you something for your money, then abscond with it. What else could you call them? Well, that wouldn't be respectful and considerate would it? Respect? For these bandits? That's too tall an order. These may have been cool in 2011, but they're kinda archaic in 2013, 2014 or never. Zach, this is the same nothing comment I got. Radio silence from Crypteks. Now to my comment, which I realise must be thoughtful, considerate and respectful. After much thought and careful consideration, I conclude that Cryptrade are liars and thieves. They do not deserve our respect. Good luck to our German friends with their lawsuit. Hi Zach, Thanks for writing in. This project has been brought to our attention by other backers, and were sorry to hear that this has been a frustrating experience, but unfortunately theres not much I can do. When you back a project you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our terms of use (<url>#fundraising_and_commerce). This agreement establishes a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and gives backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. Kickstarter itself cannot force the creator to fulfill rewards, offer refunds, or communicate with backers (though we encourage them to do so). It's the creator's responsibility to complete their project as promised. While issues like this are between the backer and creator, it's important that we're aware of these situations. Weve made a note of this, and will take the status of this project into consideration if this creator submits another project. For more on creator accountability, please take a look at our FAQ (<url>#Acco). Thanks, Jennifer @Heiko Hast du die Strafanzeige gestellt? I'm so tired to wait without any explanation, i'm disappointed with Cryptrade inc. This user's account has been deleted. I've recently sent Chris Pirillo aka lockergnome an email regarding this project as well. He made a video over a year ago giving this thing high praises for its idea, so many he can use his sphere of influence in the tech industry to add a bit more negative press to it. Heiko keep us posted on your progress. European Union consumer laws are a lot better than the ones here in the states. Hmmmm ... I am very happy about the new management. They are so fresh and burning for action. Meanwhile I decided to start a lawsuit. In germany we call it 'Strafanzeige wegen Betruges'. The advantage in germany: the authorities have to investigate on their own. Keep you informed. Reporting this project might not do a bit of good, but it atleast floods Kickstarter's inbox with reports all about the same project. Of course I'm not positive Kickstarter or Cryptrade even cares. They've both gotten their money at this point, so why should it really bother them. .....and most likely the best you will get from Kickstarter is a generic "Thanks for bringing this to our attention (?!?!) - your agreement is between you and the project creator, the obligation is theirs etc. etc." which is what I received from my comment. I would still encourage everyone to complain en masse though. I reported this project to Kickstarter many months ago without even the courtesy of a reply. Once you have done this, you are locked out of reporting it further. For others in this situation, if you click on the link provided by Zach below, then click on 'Contact' you can submit a general query to Kickstarter containing whatever you like. @Zach reported this also. Hopefully all backers will do so. And maybe kickstarter will actually act on this finally. Thanks Zack. That was helpful. I think people are going around in circles here asking for updates and communication. There is nothing in the updates that gives me any confidence at all that the project even exists. An unboxing update and "sorry, but we're working hard" are not updates. The biggest lesson for me is that Kickstarter does not provide any real resources for us to hold Cryptrade accountable. @Zach Thanks for the links. I done it ! Everyone needs to click this link: <url>"class action lawyer" and plenty of them pop up. I think the best course of action here is for the backers to voice their desire to actually go after these people in a class action. We need almost every backer in support of it, and I don't think it should be just Cryptrade that is included in the suit, but Kickstarter as well as they have failed to step in to help moderate this matter, so basically they have profited off a scam. It would also be good if some of the bigger backs came forward and voiced their opinions as well, there are 7 backers in the 1500$ tier and 1 in the $3000 tier, their voice basically has the most weight here, unless we all come together and use the weight of our combined contributions. It's honestly become beyond ridiculous at this point though. Promised contacts about refunds that have failed, promised delivery dates that have failed, and a promised project that's failed miserably. I think it's time to end it, and the only people capable of doing it is us the backers, because Cryptrade sure isn't doing their job. @Chirs, @Moritz, and @Cryptrade - You both are right. I agree. I am actually just as pissed about the situation as everyone else. I merely wanted to state how I feel @Cryptrade could rectify themselves. At least letting people understand what is wrong may change someone's mind about ditching. @Moritz Yes we have given them our time and money, they should be giving us their time and money. I backed another kickstarter where the original name of the project was the LilyPad case. The long and the short is there was a glitch with the original product sent out. The inventor decided that rather than screwing everyone over he gave everyone a new device on top of the first one to wrong his right. It is because of this individual kickstarter project I hold out some small amount of hope for every outstanding project I have backed. There are others that have had similar issues. @Cryptrade Stop doing this crap. Shit or get off the pot. Some of us hope for this to work. Others don't. But keeping us in limbo is complete and utter bull. If the project needs to be scrubbed then do it and give @Chris, @Moritz, myself, and every other backer our money back. Not because it is the happy ending, touchy feely thing to do, but because eventually someone is finally going to get the right lawyer or talk to the right people and there will be someone on ur ass eventually. Is anyone familiar with the criteria for class action lawsuits, this is beyond ridiculous. I want a refund! So, does anyone receive the instruction for refund from them which they've mentioned that'd be sent out within 2-3 weeks when they've provided the last update....., on Dec. 24th?? It's the end of January and I'm seriously getting tired to deal with this Cryptek (Cryptrade or whatever) Please just give me the instruction & I'll be out as quick as possible. Yeah if there is new management, I would expect an update once every 2 weeks, even if it's as little as we just had a meeting this week and had TGIF ... Reading the last update again: I'm beginning to suspect that Cryptrade only updated because some of us got involved in a really hands-on way, complaining to the "several institutions" they talked about. We managed to hit where it hurt: partners started looking more closely at what was going on, and Cryptrade lost its "round B funding". As Cryptrade itself has admitted, there is no excuse for this kind of silence. If they're not going to treat us as stakeholders in this misadventure, maybe we should try to get its attention again? @Ross: I agree with the incongruity you mention. Don't expect too much though. Rational requests similar to yours have been made for many months now (some of mine were even polite and almost logical) but to no avail. The only hope I have now is that Cryptrade is really just some college psychology major doing a doctorate in crowd behaviour. When he has written his thesis we will all get our money back. At this point I think I'd just settle for receiving a regular USB stick; while I'm hopeful that something is still going to come out of this project, the communication from Cryptrade has indicated anything but. As many people have said, give some information on what the delays are, and what the reasons are. I understand that backing a project has risks, and that there may be circumstances for which you haven't planned. Please just inform us beyond vague promises of future updates. I'd even accept a post-mortem of "this project has failed, there's no way we can deliver, here is everything that went wrong...". Then at least I can take this as a learning experience and make use of the information, I think my contribution to backing at least warrants that. It doesn't make sense to me for this to be a con; we've been strung along far longer than necessary as the vast majority of backers have had no avenue for refund for some time now. I believe that there is an intention to deliver on this project. Whether that's possible now or not is another issue, and something that should be addressed in a proper update, not a comment by Cryptrade hidden here in the comments, but something that ALL backers will receive in their inboxes. @Cryptrade, please take the time (all of 30 minutes) to put together a clear update: no vague promises of future updates, no commitment to fill us in "once you're able"... Even with legal issues, there has to be SOMETHING that you can give us backers to let us know that you're trying to make progress -- or again, if the project is a bust, let us know, tell us honestly what went wrong and how you might change your approach if you had to do it again. Let's just give google something to index.. Bitwise are crooks. Cryptrade are crooks. bitwise scam. cryptrade scam. Kickstarter scam. @Marc We already gave them time. Multiple times. We also gave them our money, we also gave them plenty of chances to "tell us what really happened". And we're also giving them our time (by commenting here) and we are giving them our mood, because people are pissed. Period. @Marc: I wholeheartedly applaud your optimism; objectively, though, one can only suspect that the latest update promising a refund is another delay, another smokescreen. Throughout this "project" the dangling carrot that kept us hanging on was the video of the USB drives - wow the project must be real! Sadly, there has been absolutely nothing since, except lies, subterfuge, dodging and weaving. I have a nice origami model for a cryptex. I bet if I send Cryptrade 989 copies, they still would be unable to pop a USB stick in each one and deliver them to backers!! When the likes of Anonybook were screaming "scam" and "fraud" I thought this was a bit harsh. Sadly, now there is no evidence to the contrary. I have no faith in Cryptrade. I have little respect for Kickstarter for its role in this debacle. Either a finished product or a refund from this point onwards would be nothing short of a miracle. Well said Marc. Communication is the cornerstone of how kickstarter is supposed to work. @Cryptrade, I have been whole heartedly behind your project from the beginning. I want to have the device in my hands at some point. One thing that I believe would be a good idea and may help many backers not want to bail and get their refunds is by not saying such things as, "Unfortunately due to many delays quite a bit of our backers were dissatisfied...". How about you actually name what the delays were, each individually and specify how each affected the timeline. I keep looking at your responses over and over and they are all very vague. Please, Please, Please tell us exactly what has happened. At this point, it is most likely your last hope to keep a great deal of your backers. Continuing to keep us in the dark with half information is only going to anger more people. I mean come on, you wouldn't do this to a National bank if they gave you a loan to complete your project. Many of us still want this thing to happen. Just tell us what happened, what is being done to fix it, and where we are going to go from here. We are invested in this project just like you are. We put faith in you to produce a product. Don't go all Mark Zuckerburg on us. And to all of you people that want to be skeptical of my "faith" statement, get over yourselves. I understand at this point Cryptrade has royally screwed us over. How about we let them attempt to show that they can come back and create an awesome product. Update #34 over 1 month ago "we will have an update in 2-3 weeks" January 14 "everything on track for refunds" "will have update in a few days" Heiko, checks out. Except they haven't milled any parts yet =[. Snipp ... snipp .. I know what happened! The whole story? Okay. When Cryptrade Inc. announced "Holidays DID bring us out haha" everything already was fine. The milling, the springs, the coloring. Everything. They also made photos to suprise the backers. But there was some trouble because the photo-shop that should develop the photos rised up in flames (but that is another story). The management decided to assemble the devices in the office of Safford & Baker. At that time, Emily (remember her from the unboxing video?) got enormous, huge, powerful, immense, vast headache. So the lebanon management and Mr. Safford himself hired the young guy from the postal Department. A backer as were are! He was so lucky to push this project an assembled as he never assembled anything before. At he end of the week, everything was fine: The famous notorious CRYPT-STICK was born. Hundreds of parts gleaming in the sun. And Mr. Saford asked the guy .... (you know the question?) .... "What code do you have set?" And the guy began to cry. There they are: The super-secure-ultra-security-devices. Locked. And the moral from this story? Never ever change a player in the team because of headaches Someone here who is married? its just a lie after lie after lie. They cant help themselves. The not so perfect con men. @Heiko, don't be so pessimistic. There's still plenty of time for them to stick with their usual standard of behavior and get back to us by July. Creator Cryptrade Inc. on January 15: "Will get back to everyone in a few days with an status update. Thanks for your patience everyone!" Stay tuned! Only a few (334) days left until Dezember 23, 2013. @Nate I doubt that much has changed. Whatever the change in the management is, I do not see any progress in the things we all complained about for months. Product updates are announced but without a specific date. We have seen a few comments here, but the majority of them was triggered by the date of christmas, i.e.the one year anniversary. And if there was a change in the management, it seems to me that they stick to mainly the same bussiness practices. Well, at least very similar communication practices. Maybe it will change after "the next update", but how often were we to expect that in the past? @Michael I am sure they do, but my imagination is too limited to understand their behavior under the assumption that this is not vaporware. I love how we are still hearing more info about getting refunds than about the status of the project. Do you really not realize that far fewer people would want refunds if you provided a substantial project update? Well you did one thing right I guess, fired who ever was in charge prior. Now find someone with experience in actually shipping products and you might have an actual company. @Cryptrade Your management has changed? This is interesting information. What has changed specifically about your management? I will believe it when I see it. My question to you is this, though: I bought this for my son. The device provided some physical security as to him being able to access the physical drive, while it had encryption to prevent others from accidentally accessing his files. Are you saying that there will be no actual device at all, or has your business model changed? Zach good luck with that, they can provide updates about stuff they don't have, so far all they have is the boards that they showed us months ago. Again, I am requesting: Updates on the PROJECT itself, not refunds, not Christmas wishes, not a sob story about lost funding cause you failed to keep backers updated. More pictures, videos, etc of the project's status, milled bits, an assembled prototype, etc. These things aren't impossible to provide, at a year into this project you had better had a prototype, one that functions, especially if you really did have an Investor looking into the whole device, if not, you guys need someone who knows what they are doing. ASAP. Yes, you're right. As I said before (when they posted this update) I will believe it when I will have received my money, not before Juts, when have they actually kept there word? At one point they said that they would be shipping flash drives "shortly". It will be very surprising if they have an update regarding refunds this month, of this year. On December 24 they said : " We have taken the decision to rightfully refund all and any backer that chooses to have his/her pledges refunded. [...] The transition to handling the funds required for this level of refunding is expected to take 2 to 3 business weeks. An official update with exact directions will be mailed/emailed/messaged to all current Kickstarter backers that have pledged to this project" So, In worst case we should have news at the end of next week, around January 20 (of this year). Adrian, math checks out for me. Challenge has been set Cryptrade Inc. Prove us wrong and give us an update before the end of this month [January of 2013]. <url>"you will be contacted shortly for your details. We thank you for your patience while resolving this issue". Then I asked you "What's your meaning of "shortly" ?", to what you answered "Shortly mean Monday". Since that date there have been 20 Monday. so, no joke this time. Somehow, this project is the Schroedinger's Cat of kickstarter. @Cryptrade I'd still like to know the numbers. @Nate Yes, many things you've written are very true. @Sebastian Since they don't even give us the numbers of devices they already have produced, chances are going to zero that they have a final date for us. Why do they not have a date? Because in a year they have only managed to order a few circuit boards. They haven't even started to have parts machined for the body's. In a year my 16 year old son could have made all the flash drive bodies on a manual lathe and still come under the amount of funding they got. Why do they need round b funding? Why do they need more time? Because they are incompetent. They are going to give us refunds but not until next update, so it will be a couple more months before they take contact info for refunds never mind the, processing the refunds that will take another year. It doesn't take much time to get items machined guys, it's not like your going out and buying tooling here. Pick up the phone book and look for machine shops, email out blueprints and ask for quotes. It's been a year, blaming delays due to the fact people keep asking you why there are delays isn't a reason it's a half hearted excuse. Give your backers proof that you are doing something and you'd be surprised at how many people won't want refunds anymore. @Toby: Dude, where are you !!!?!? Just joking Looks like it is time for a good business idea: i reboot an old usb design study of mine from 2008, bring it to production and offer it to all who get a refund <url>"are unable to confirm or deny any involvement with that company or product." Back in May (!!!) they said they were using Port City Group to do their milling, so I wrote to them, but they haven't answered one way or the other. Mr. Safford's office hasn't responded to my emails either. @Michael only in my dreams, they posted an update saying everything was signed off, produced, tested, and shipped, they just forgot to update the backers. Has anyone heard anything from Cryptrade in the last few months via email, etc? Seems to me like nobody has had any contact with them since Update 33. Also, just to keep in mind, he might not be able to answer all technical questions about the project since that's not his role in this thing. @JuTs Randy's email address is <email>. You can also find out more about them at their website <url>"We've backed tens of projects on Kickstarter over the course of this past year and feel our project has faced several challenges similar to others with similar delays and similar general lack of experience." Which ones? Their profile shows zero backed projects. "We don't see the level of displeasure that we seem to get here. Most of it our fault? Yes of course. We have launched a project that is very much delayed and our backers have rights to know the why's and where's and the how's." Yeah, that promise sure lasted a long time. "We're here and remain working on this project and will do so till its completion." How many people actually believe this anymore? It is December 13th and Christmas 2012 is near. If @Cryptrade had the plan to deliver the device for Christmas, they would have to ship them now (well, at least for non-US backers), so the devices would be complete and it would be easy to send out an "We've done it! One year to late, but here it is!"-update. Since there is no update, there are no devices for Christmas and due to holidays etc. we're not going to have them in 2012. Well @Cryptrade, 2013 is coming - a new business year! Maybe you will finally manage to send out an update. Well @Kickstarter, 2014 is coming - a new business year! Maybe you will finally manage to admit that his project has completely gone wrong and give us backers some support. @Adrian The idea of "involving the media / the tech blogs / ..." is not new. Some people (including me) have tried it, but apparently noone is interested in bad news. I would like to see an article about this mess, but I doubt that it will cause any change. @Cryptrade is gone. And if this is not true, then at least our money is gone and assuming they are still "producing", they probably have run out of money and cannot finish the devices or keep their business up and running. Either way we're not going to see this product (@Cryptrade feel free to prove me wrong and call me a naysayer). Please contact Gizmodo yourself - maybe it just needs enough people instead of a single one with "contacts". After not hearing from the project creator since September, the "Code Hero" backers managed to get an article on the Escapist, and the bad press was enough to get the creator to come out of hiding to post. <url>"We''ll be sending you updates in the days to come and you're always welcome to send us a message". And here's my message to Crypteks; I think it's time for a refund as I have pledge $160 and nothing had happened. I recently contacted Capital One for my M/C. Due to my circumstances, they're looking into my case because about 4 months ago I sent an email to crypteks and suprisingly they replied that they WOULD grant my request for a refund. (Havent heard from them since). This lady at Capital One also told me that the refund policy is much less stringent for AmEx cardholders because they dont have to answer to anyone as Capital One and other institutions have to answer to VISA or M/C. Just throwing that out there for anyone considering getting a new CC Who has gotten a refund and how? I've followed the suggested email and have not gotten a reply with regards to a refund. This is really pissing me off how a group of people can collect almost 200K not deliver what they said they would and get away with it. WTF Kickstarter? Ding! Four Month mark on the last update. Kickstart must to react ! They got a comission Seems they only decide to say things when it gets unruly in here, not 'respectful and considerate.' What crap. If I ever get this product I'm just going to frame it and put it on display as the least enjoyable kickstarter experience ever. That won't be what I call it, too wordy, but I wouldn't be respectful and considerate if I told you what it will be called. To the german backers. At its online page the newsmagazine Spiegel yesterday made an article about crowedfunding platforms. I posted a comment about the stuff here include the "non reaction" from Kickstarter. <url>#spCommentsBoxPager WTF Is this so complicated to write a update ??? We were backed.We took risk. Kickstarter include your time management. If you failed this project and you must share least pledge. One year beyond your delivery date seems more than a little shady to me. This was supposed to be a chance to participate in the creation of a great product. What it has become is a psychological experiment to see how long participants will remain calm and continue as if things are proceeding as planned. No consumer, let alone investor would stand for such long periods of unresponsiveness and utter lack of communication. I wonder how much of that $196,404 they've got left after all of these refunds. According to the Kickstarter terms "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." It's a shame Kickstarter are so hands off that they wont enforce them. I have requested a refund and found it going nowhere. This project and how its being handled does not sit well with me. I ask again that Crypteks do the right thing and refund those backers that request their funds pledged refunded. @Nicholas Thank you for calling him and sharing the information with us. It is good to hear that at least someone of them can be reached. Nonetheless we should not forget that Mr. Safford is involved in the project and he would not take steps that cause harm to his client (i.e. Cryptrade). This is why I don't wonder why he did not tell you details about the current extended period of silence. At the moment I tend to believe that this project just does not exist (anymore?), BUT I do also expect a surprise from them. The only problem is that I don't know if this surprise is a good one or a bad one. @Tatsu All I have heard is that they're getting ready for another update. I have no specifics on a time frame, unfortunately. They (Cryptrade) are aware of the concerns being brought up about transparency on this project. @Nicholas Thanks for posting a nice info since I haven't been able to receive any kinds of responses after contacting him via e-mail (only). BTW, did you ask Mr. Safford why the heck Cryptrade hasn't been posting any updates since the past August if the project is still goin on? I called and talked to Randy Safford on the 21st of November. I mentioned that I was a backer of this project and we chatted for awhile about the current status. They recently had a phone call about the project and things are definitely still going on. While some might take it with a bit of salt, I still have hopes for this project. If you're not getting anywhere by messaging them (on Kickstarter or Facebook or whatever) I would suggest calling Randy. He was very pleasant and listened to my concerns. I'm hoping for an official update sometime soon. Messaged these guys 5 times in the past year. Never received a single response. Not impressed. Also not impressed with Kickstarter's hands off approach to dealing with this situation. I have not commented previously. I find it lamentable that there has been no updates since August 2012. I am sorry to say that it does not speak well for the individuals that hey will not keep their backers informed. The amount of money I pledged is not enough for me to get bent out of shape over but it is enough for me to keep track of the management and be sure not to invest with them again. I will probably not be using Kickstarter again as well since they should be stepping up to at least require that updates are made by groups using their site. According to the kickstarter terms "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Oh and by the way, Kickstarter is still enjoying your money too. Let's not forget they took a 5% cut. So that's 9,820.20 of our dollars that's sitting in their bank account. I posted this on my twitter and honestly I'd suggest taking these comments to the broader social media sphere. The only way Kickstarter is going to start to address this issue and others like it is to have to respond to criticism in the broader social media spectrum. ------------- Serious doubts about using #kickstarter anymore after funding this project, <url># 34 on the one year anniversary to the start of this campaign this Friday. The other day, I received this message from someone who was hoping to invest in the Crypteks/Cryptrade product, but did not. He has been looking into the issues with the company and asked me to share his findings: I'm not invested in Crypteks, but I've been following the problems it has been having with a complete lack of communication. Due to the fact that i'm not invested, I'm not able to comment to the other backers. I found some information on people who are very, very possibly involved with the Crypteks scam: <url>s a question everybody wants an answer to. Because WE WANT OUR MONEYBACK!!! FFS!!! @JuTs I don't know. In your case I suspect you'd have to use a US based attorney to handle for you. @Scott : I've found the mail you sent them in the comments (on October 19). Do you think someone outside of USA could also do something ? I just opened a dispute online and sent all the relevant documents to AMEX even though they refused to make one over the phone. But via online it was easier. They have temporarily credited the money back into my account till they resolve the issue. Whatever it is, I am in their system now for disputes and hope it becomes positive. F#ck Cryptrade ! Kickstarter also deletes the post every time I make users aware of this situation on FB. Way to go free speech !!!! @Scott Many thanks for posting the detailed info!! I guess I need to designate the deadline for them to respond coz i certainly didn't set any in my first e-mail to Mr. Safford though. @ivan.. They said the same thing to me.. Ask for a supervisor. I take Amex as a merchant and use it as a cardholder.. Tell them you know that a dispute could be opened within a year.. I have a platinum amex, but it doesn't matter. If they ask why it took so long, just explain that you were attempting to resolve it with the merchant, but they recently stopped responding. If they open it, you'll definitely win. then you could save yourself the headache of dealing with lawyers. I really wish these guys were upfront with their progress.. That's all they needed to do to avoid all this.. They should show photos, do blog updates, or disclose financials to us. For all we know they could have spent 20K in legal fees, then pocketed the extra $175K.. That's not right. @tatsu, I sent Randy Safford a copy of the e-mail I sent Cryptrade regarding my intent to sue. You can see that email in the comments somewhere below. Neither the law firm or Cryptrade responded in the time time I gave them. This week as I was beginning the process of gathering all my documents to file when out of the blue I received an e-mail from Emily, one of their legal assistants, saying my money had been refunded. Like I said before their attorney doesn't to be involved in 989 lawsuits all around the world. The best way to get you money back is to give them a set period of time to respond to your questions/demands then file suit in small claims court. @Scott You mean, you've contacted the e-mail address indicated on the link that i've posted? Please kindly share us the further detail when contacting Mr. Safford. Did you just ask him to refund? Or, you did provide your attorney's info or something like that? In my case, I did send him the e-mail requesting the refund promptly after posting that link yesterday, but haven't got any responses as of currently though. It'd be really appreciated if you could let us know little more detail about how you've made that happen successfully. @Heiko Was heit hier "aus dem Spiel" - es sieht so aus als knne man das Geld rckerstattet bekommen, wenn man drauf besteht. Was ich nicht verstehe ist dieses ganze Durcheinander. Wenn es ein Betrug wre, tten alle Beteiligten gut daran, einfach zu verschwinden. Warum tun sie das nicht? Das ist doch die interessante Frage. Und: Nein, ich bin auch in Deutschland und habe keine Ahnung, wie, ob und mit welchem Aufwand eine Beteiligung an einer Klage mglich ist. Ich frchte jedoch, dass es sich aus einem wirtschaftlichen Blickwinkel heraus nicht lohnt. Leider. @heiko I consulted with an attorney but for small claims court they aren't needed. I was going to just do it myself. The link below has the e-mail address I used for Randy Safford. @roy lamanna - I tried to open a dispute with AmEx however they're claiming that transaction disputes must be opened within 60 days of the statement date... do you mind sharing any info that you were able to use to get the dispute opened? (ie any documentation that disputes can be opened within 12 months, what type of AmEx card you have in the event that different tiers of cards have different rules etc)? I paid for this fraud on a personal card (amex plat.)... and I figured that with the business I provide and the fees I @Scott Please name me you lawyer. I would like to proceed what you just begun. @Moritz Wach auf! Siehst Du nicht was hier abgeht? Scott ist aus dem Spiel, weil er Ernst gemacht hat. Das kennen wir doch schon von Anonybook. Ich habe nur leider aus Deutschland keine Chance, gegen die Betrger vorzugehen. Bist Du vor Ort? anyone who paid with AMEX can get a refund.. just open a dispute.. you're allowed to do it up to 12 months. I just opened a dispute with AMEX.. If you purchased through american express, you have up to 12 months to easily open up a dispute. I encourage everyone to do this as we haven't seen a single update from this company in months. I think at this point it's obvious they're looking to fade away.. Look on the Cryptrade Bio page...theres a link to the saffordbaker website! Looks like i've found something. <url>"project" is such a mess... Did they provide any further details? Hi Moritz, yes there is some news. As of a few hours ago I am no longer a backer of this project. I received an email earlier today from Emily informing me that they had re-funded my $315 via Amazon. I have claimed the money and begun the process of transferring to my bank account. That being said for the remainder of you that are looking for refunds I'd suggest contacting Randy Safford, their attorney. To the German backers here: Was haltet ihr denn von dem juristischen Weg? Hat ggf. jemand eine Vorstellung davon, wie man sich von Deutschland aus an einer Klage beteiligen kann - und ob es berhaupt Sinn macht? @Scott Any news from Cryptrade or any progress in the lawsuit paperworks? @Andy The domain expiration date is a quite worthless figure for estimating the "reliability" of a company in my opinion. AFAIK this is more or less a date until when the next domain registry fee needs to be paid. But yes, it is once again interesting that they chose a "privacy service" for cloaking the true domain owner's information. This user's account has been deleted. So I am a backer from the UK but would like to join any class action suit to try to get my refund out of them. but looking at the detail from whois is now does not look like they where going to be around for too long the domain expires in a few months anyhow. cryptrade.com c/o Whois Privacy Service PO BOX 501610 San Diego, CA 92150-1610 US Domain Name: CRYPTRADE.COM Administrative Contact, Technical Contact, Zone Contact: cryptrade.com c/o Whois Privacy Service PO BOX 501610 San Diego, CA 92150-1610 US (619) 393-2111 <email> Domain created on 15-Feb-2012 Domain expires on 15-Feb-2013 Last updated on 01-Nov-2012 I am with you Toby I what my money back too. For those who have not got their refunds or have not been able to contact Cryptrade I suggest it may be worthwhile to follow Anonybook's path as you will not get any results from conventional tactics - including contacting Kickstarter. Essentially you need to give them a compelling reason (or enough discomfort) to refund you..... like posting a photo of those involved in the scam so everyone knows who they are. Good luck and hope you guys can get at least some of your money back. @Greg, I agree in principle with your comments. I, too am a believer in the Kickstarter platform as a funding base rather than a retail outlet. If Cryptrade were to say: "Thanks for your cash, we spent it on some machines and moulds, but unfortunately there was not enough money to make the items; you have helped get us on the way to some sort of commercial production" then at least some backers would take some solace. There is, however, not a shred of evidence that Cryptrade have manufactured a single component, nor does it seem like they have any intention of now doing so. This constitutes fraud, and is certainly NOT what Kickstarter is about. Backers would have more faith in participating in future KS projects if KS responded to our complaints, acknowledged the problems with this project, and offered some solution/encouragement/punishment whereby Cryptrade could either fulfill its commitment or refund backers the ill-gotten gains, rather than their current head-in-the-sand approach. You will never get a refund from Kickstarter. Kickstarter is not a store. It is for crowd sourcing projects. The delivery of perks is completely on the Cryptrade. I'm as frustrated as everyone else, but yelling at Kickstarter won't do anybody any good. (case=cash ; damn autocorrect!) Good luck with that Zach. I reported this project to Kickstarter many weeks ago and did not even receive the courtesy of a reply. I am also locked out of reporting the project further. The disdain with which Kickstarter treats its backers is in some ways worse than the silence from Cryptrade (surely now this must be regarded as a project failure, scam at worst). I am heartened by the courage of those seeking legal discourse against Cryptrade and Kickstarter, but it would seem they have built enough loopholes in the wording of the details to protect themselves (us, Kickstarter, responsible? No! We are just innocent facilitators! Happy to share in the profits when a thousand backers are scammed out of $200k! Customer support? Not our problem! Caveat emptor! We told you so!) If Cryptrade have fled with their share of our funds, so be it. It would be nice to see some degree of acknowledgement or support from Kickstarter, though, or, heaven forbid, a refund of their share of our scammed case (are they not accessories to some sort of crime otherwise?) (Also, I think Toby wants his money back.....) I've just sent this to Kickstarter, reporting this project: This isn't a project because they have failed to deliver any significant updates as well as display any effort to alleviate backer frustration by showing working prototypes/finish product. They've also failed to acknowledge numerous requests for refunds. Several Backers are considering seeking legal council possibly a class action lawsuit against Cryptrade as well as Kickstarter together due to fraudulent activity. Kickstarter is being considered for the suit due to the fact that they (you) have essential profited from a scam. The backers have tried to contact the project creators with numerous failed efforts as evident in the comment section. They've also been reported numerous times as well to Kickstarter with little to no assistance in the matter. Final step for us as backers is legal action unfortunately. Thanks for your time. So at this point I don't even believe I could trust a product from here to keep data secure. It'd be mostly a novelty item -- god knows the joke it's been so far. Glad I didn't use their Password Manager system for anything, with what was already taken... passwords are something I'm glad aren't on that list. Though you have to admit, that was something that was delivered. this is one year now. return our money! I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! Sigh, my patience has worn thin and now have joined the majority. 8( I have learned especially one lesson: Never trust project founders on crowdfunding platforms who do not show their faces to the public. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! I am in France. The justice is different, but i'm ready to an justice action. So has annyone from the US tried calling Safford & Baker to get some more info ? Are we even able to get our money back i know this is kind of crappy This user's account has been deleted. GL @Scott, and I hope your wife is ok. Hopefully you'll get their damn attention. Just an update. Nothing still. My filing maybe a bit delayed as my wife was in a car accident last night. But rest assured I'm going to file as soon as I can. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! Well lets see if a lawsuit will wake someone up I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! Just a quick update. As of today I've gotten no response to my requests. I don't expect there to be so I will trudge along with my paperwork for filing. Hello, fellow backers of the scam known as "Crypteks", appropriately named since it was apparently dead on inception. We regret to return after long last and discover that the expression, "Hope dies last" has proven itself in this case, as it should be obvious to one and all that neither the Crypteks clan nor Kickstarter give a turtlehead about any of us. Speaking for ourselves, we were able to materialize a refund right before these people went ghost again...but for the rest of you, we suggest your only hope is to appeal to Anonymous. We suggest Anonymous may be sympathetic to your plight -- seeing as the impetus for this project was a device intended to secure privacy -- and aid you in locating these people and bringing them to justice. Just a thought. @Toby: we hear you, we acknowledge your desire; it seems unlikely that Cryptrade or Kickstarter care....... @Moritz: I share your puzzlement; the timeline of this saga is fascinating - Cryptrade have not quite vanished from the face of the earth....no response when I reported this project to Kickstarter... I think we are left in hopeless limbo..... @Kevin I tried to contact Kickstarter several times. There was an answer from them, but it is not helpful. The person writing the answer said, he would forward my message to the "Trust&Safety"-team. I never got an answer back on that issue, not even after asking multiple times for an answer of said team. I tried to contact Safford & Baker several times. I never got an answer from them. I tried to contact Cryptrade several times. I never got an answer from them. I tried to contact Slingshot (about a month ago). Their answer was short and they basically said that they won't discuss business details with me (well, I am ok with that), but they are looking forward to the success of the project. I am left with the following situation: The only response came from the "producer" of the hardware (as far as I understand this project), which I think is the most reliable company in this project. All other parties have never cared about the backers (Cryptex, Safford&Baker) or stopped caring about them (kickstarter). This situation confuses me. If it is a scam (and it looks so very much), why did Slingshot answer my mail like they did? If they had no legal obligations, they could have said "No, we are not doing business with them" or "We are no longer a partner of Cryptrade" or anything else. For me, the answer only makes sense if one of the following cases is true: 1) The project is still up and running. It is not a scam. 2) It is a scam and Slingshot is involved. I assume that Slingshot is a real company with a few years of business experience, therefore I assume case 2 is false. Yes, everything else about this project does not support this impression. For this reason, I am looking forward to the day of Scott's deadline. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! Seems like Cryptrade had logged in here on 22nd. Let's see what they're gonna do before the deadline designated by Scott. Since this thing is most likely a scam, what are our options? Will complaining to Kickstarter accomplish anything? Has anybody had any luck contacting Safford & Baker? Guys, I hate to say this but it looks like we were scammed by Hezbollah. This guy is now in Lebanon, never coming back. Can you imagine what this kind of money can buy in Lebanon? Good luck Scott, I think you have 989 backers. Can we start a project on Kickstarter to raise money for a lawsuit? This will be a first. If you want to mail the lawfirm something, you must do it with a signature proof of delivery or better yet have it served to them by a provider of legal services. Otherwise it means nothing. They can just say "What mail, never got it." I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! @Scott. Nice Job!! Let's see whether they're gonna do something by the deadline. Hope that they'll check the comments section soon enough to realize what may happen to them though. Nice job Scott, I also already mailed the lawfirm, but I got no relpy so far. also they block international email adresses I think. Folks, this in our hands now. Tweet out to the tech blogs. Let them hear our voices! @wired @engadget @npr @gizmodo And my apologies to whomever Tom Stafford might be... ; ) I actually meant Ralph Safford, their attorney and address for their corporation. A little note I just sent out to our fine folks at Crytrade. All thought the main project creator is in Lebabnon, Tom Stafford is not. Join me teaching these guys a lesson. Hello Cryptrade, As of today Friday, October 19, 2012 you have missed numerous delivery deadlines and promised product status updates. Clearly, this project has failed and you are no longer in line the with legally binding agreement we both jointly made via Kickstarter. As such, I am now going to exercise those rights with all legal remedies available to me under the laws of the State of Florida. Unless I here back by noon on October 26, 2012 with a complete and accurate description of the products current status, video of a working prototype and schedule for delivery backed up with documents from the factory producing the USB stick. I will submit my lawsuit to court that afternoon. Respectfully, I am giving you five business days to comply with this request. Thanks, Scott Hey guys, just forget it, nobody will get anything :-/ <url>"company", and it is obviously a fraud because no message about project failure was brought to us yet and I don't think we'll ever see it. -1 here @Moritz I pledged $200 also. I knew fro the start it was a gamble. $200 is a lot of money, but it was worth the gamble for me. Off course you expect the project to complete and to get the reward, but in the end, you can not be sure. I also realize, posting here to get either my money back or to get cryptrade to jump into action and produce my reward is useless. I can post "I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!" every day, but that won't help. If cryptrade is a fraud, they will not refund money, they just leave this group alone and leave us frustrating each other. If cryptrade is legit, the project can fail anyway for reasons we either can or can not think of. And the most positive outcome would be to get the USB stick in the mail at any given time. I all cases, info from cryptrade about the project is needed, but if they don't post updates, there is little we can do about it. I am at the other side of the ocean, so visiting the office is out of the question for me. Since I can not do much more than waiting and hoping for updates, that is what I will do. What I did learn from this is that these crowd funding things may be a great way to get things running, but they can fail miserably also. And whether I get the stick or not, this was my first and last project. No matter what the outcome of this one will be, I do not want the frustration and disappointment again. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! @Josh Since kickstarter isn't a shop and the outcome of a project is speculative, every pledge (except for the $1 maybe) is a significant amount of money for most of the backers. Said that, I am honestly surprised that only so few backers are actually posting in this comments section here. Or maybe I am totally wrong and $130+ is not that much money for most of them. I pledged $200 for the Special Edition Black Crypteks(Special because like the other rewards it doesn't exist), and I feel like a sucker. But I can't imagine how the one backer who paid $3,750 feels. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! Has anyone tried calling these people? Or something? I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! @George If it is that what it takes to get an update, then... hell yeah, give it a try! ;) Whats about an own Kickstarter project: documentary film about a failed Kickstarter project? I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! @Larry - On the scale you're talking about, disk space isn't just cheap; it's too cheap to meter. Even a couple paragraphs is only going to be a kilobyte or two. Times a thousand backers means about a megabyte a day, or about three years to eat a gigabyte. Enterprise-class disks cost about $125/TB, so, adding in power and bandwidth, over that three years you would probably cost Kickstarter... about twenty cents. In the meantime, the $10000 (ish) that Kickstarter made in commissions will have earned about $303 in interest (at a measly 1% CD rate). On a more interesting note, what do you expect to happen before a single reward drive ships? The election is obvious. Christmas is likely. The inauguration is a pretty safe bet. Let's play a little game and see if we can make something positive out of this whole mess. I'll donate $10 to the Electronic Frontier Foundation if Cryptrade produces a meaningful update of more than 100 words by the 2012 Presidential election, $25 if they produce a picture of a working prototype, and $50 if they ship product. Anybody else want to play? @Moritz - if I insult you again will the Cryptrade bozos send us an update? This is getting a bit ridiculous. Not only the project is delayed way beyond their initial promised time, the kind of progress updates people at Crypteks provides for the backers is pathetic. I don't think the guys at Crypteks are so busy with what they are doing that writing a few lines of update regularly will make their life unbearable. The last update was 2 MONTH AGO!! The guys at Crypteks should seriously think about it from the backers point of view: we give you the funding for your project, it is the bear minimum that you tell us what is going on. If you are in some kind of trouble, say so; if the project is no longer viable, say so; if you have run out of cash, say so.. Don't just keep quiet! That's really irresponsible. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! Nest step is finding an attorney. We could either choose to go class action or sue individually in small claims court. The reality is should we prevail via class action that the attorney fees will wipe most of if not all of the judgement. But teaching them a less might be worth the costs. That being said it is my personal opinion suing them individually in each of our own states is the way to go. If even just 10% of us filed they would have almost a 100 lawsuits to contend with. And I also don't think Kickstarter is off the hook either. I'm considering going after the 5% they took as a commission. @Deff How can I support you? This is simply getting ridiculous. I mean, 2 month of no updates for the project that was supposed to be completed by the end of last year is apparently enough for us to start taking some actions. Let's start discussing what we, the backers can do to make them do the thing(s) they are supposed to be doing. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! Ove two months since the last official update. Crypteks why don't you quote the terms of service your so fond of now? Come on Cryptek...make up some story about failed development already. That way you can continue the lies you've told so far and we can write this off as a loss. Scum bags. Oh, no update yet? You may color me disappointed! I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! Check what Kickstarter replied: Ian, Oct 11 14:15 (EDT): Hi Chanakya, Thanks for writing in and bringing this to our attention. Its frustrating when creators dont take the needs of their backers seriously. By backing their project you showed a lot of faith in them, and they should respect that. Even when problems arise, creators have to tell backers whats going on. Its the creators responsibility to complete their project as promised, and in instances like these theres not much Kickstarter can do. What we can do is send them a notice that some backers are frustrated with how things have gone. Id also encourage you to reach out to them with a polite but firm message saying the same. That may spur them to address these concerns. Kickstarters Terms of Use do require creators to follow through on their projects, so there can be consequences if the creator continues to behave this way. Our FAQ has more on accountability here: <url>#Acco Best, Ian Like I said 989 backers post a few paragraphs daily we would get someone attention. Disk space for a corporation is not cheap. Almost 7000 posts a week. It's appalling that Kickstarter is getting a commission for letting a company defraud us. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! Guess what, I tried posting this on Kickstarter's FB page and they kept deleting it. It's disgusting how this is being handled. I tried calling AMEX and they refused to do anything as it's way passed the 'Dispute legalities'. They have asked me to contact the vendor directly. Sad, just sad. @ Deff and Josh I meant if annyone tried to contact the lawfir they are connected to Safford & Baker. But good that you ar eready for action I contacted a lawyer today. I will be providing proofs in the coming days for the firm to review. Once they review the details they'll provide guidance on how to move forward. I'm giving them another couple of months to either deliver the finished product or provide a DETAILED and extensive update on what has gone wrong, what they plan to do about it, and whether or not we can expect to ever see our rewards. If neither happen by December (one year after estimated delivery of rewards) I will be seeking legal action against Cryptrade. I highly suggest others do the same. Perhaps a Class Action is a possibility. At the very least it should generate enough heat for them to actually be forthcoming with what's going on. Ultimately I fear this is going to be the ONLY way to see any kind of resolution in this matter. So has annyone from the US contacted the lawfirm yet ? @Ivan - I stand corrected. Thanks for the info. Actually @Steven, That's partially true... You have to be a backer to see updates (that are marked backers only) as well as *to leave your own* comments. If you are not a backer you can see any (non-restricted) updates as well as you can read (but not leave your own) comments on a project... If you click 'discover great projects' at the top of the screen and then pick a project (any one you haven't backed) and then click to the comments tab you can see all comments left... So people will be able to see this ridiculous saga but unless they were one of the 989 suckers (myself included) they won't actually be able to leave a comment... :-/ @Larry - Unfortunately, this is a closed comment forum to anyone other than backers so we can comment all we want and the backers will be the only ones that ever hear anything about it. Pretty smart on Kickstarters part. Make you feel like youre part of a community while simultaneously keeping the rest of the world from knowing what a monstrous failure the project is. Well played @kickstarter. @Larry I think I understand your reasoning, but "flooding" a database would require more than 1 post/day AND you would end up in some kind of blackmailing kickstarter what certainly is not the way to go. It would be much more helpful to include someone with more leverage than us backers when it comes to asking questions and requesting actions. If you do that via a lawyer or the media is up to you. Both could work and would stimulate a reaction that hopefully is more appropriate than that on the thread of "destroying" their database. Since kickstarter won't fail this project , why don't we have all the backers do 1 post a day, thus filling up kickstarter database which they pay for. We can also set the world record for comment posted about a project. Might as well have fun with it. @Nate: ?? Overpriced???.... .......non-existent!!!!! For those of you interested ive done some digging on various people related to this project and they all are tied in with a law firm called Safford & Baker and their phone number is 248-646-9100 ext. 10 if anyone is interested in talking in person with these people regarding their overpriced flash drives. And this is the first and last project I will ever back on kickstarter or any similar service without personally knowing the project owners. If you used American Express you can try and reverse the charges for non-delivery. You can also bring up non delivery as a breach of the terms of service for Crypteks. It could also make Amazon and possibly kickstarter feel the pain in $$$. I was able to get a FULL refund almost 90 days after the original purchase. 30 Days is the standard refund period but if youre a good customer and move enough purchases through your card and pay consistently then they mighty make an exception. You can try it with other cards too, but thats my experience with AMEX. Best part is I didnt have to feel out a form about the same thing I just talked to an agent about. Steven True, Kickstarter will not offer refunds, as they did not handle the money to begin with. However, this project has not held the end of their contract with Kickstarter regarding being responsible and communicating when production goes less quickly than planned. Although a refund, technically, needs to be issued from Crypteks, it would be nice if Kickstarter could use their breach of contract to help force Crypteks to issue refunds, even if only partial payments. Just wondering if anyone has had success receiving refunds by means of their bank and/or credit card company, and, if so, how they did it. I am surprised by the optimism of people here regarding refunds. I do not see any chance for this to happen, because: Option 1) Cryprade spent the money on the project, things have gone wrong and they are unable to communicate (and prove) this to the backers. Kickstarter has done its job properly. Option 2) Cryptrade took the money and the whole project is fraud. I suppose kickstarter has a statement in their terms of service that does not make them responsible for losses due to fraud. Option 3) Cryptrade is still in the "production phase" and they (legitimately) need the money. From each of the options above it is quite clear to me, that our money is gone and since there is no appropriate answer from kickstarter on the issues of this project, I suppose they won't be supportive when it comes to refunds of (at least) their shares. I am heavily in favour for option 3, but chances are approaching zero with every day that passes. Cryptrade has once again not offered anything (an update, images of the devices or parts of them, the CAD files, the NDAs for the CAD files, an ETA or a comment on the recent delays) that would support option 3 and reasoning on the current radio silence is pure speculation. BTW: No answer from kickstarter, nor Cryptrade on my emails. Gave* I had a lot of faith in this company, have been ber patient, and have them the benefit of doubt. However, they have proven many times they do not deserve my loyalty. I would greatly appreciate any actions, suggestions, and/or tips to successfully be refunded. Thank you. When is Kickstarter pulling the plug on the Crypteks USB project and admitting it is vaporware and they stole all our money? And when is Kickstarter refunding its "commission" to the defrauded backers? @Travis I wonder more, why there is no mechanism that secures the whole money flow/process and empowers the backers to intervene. At a minimum I would think Kickstarter should refund their "commission" to each backer. It annoys me that I lost the $130 but it's gut wrenching for me to see how many invested even more. I think this probably sums up how everyone feels. <url>"<url>" and I thought they were not allowed to use the name crypteks anymore. What happened to thier twitter account? One clarification - I realize kickstarted is not a store. I would be 100% ok of they came back and said "we are sorry - we tried but we failed to anticipate some issues". At least that wold be honest and i would not complain at all. Its this lack of state that pisses me off. If its failed just say so and lets move on. I have written off my cash, if they surprise me great, It was a good idea but these people are not professional in nature. They just don't have it in them. we have 1,574 comments. Many of them an attempt to educate them on what backers expect. Examples of projects that do it well, all for not. My issues is Kickstarter tries to say "we stay out of it" but morally they profit from this shit. Shameful really. @Moritz which is one reason I said it due to this project being both alive and dead at the same time, only once the rewards are shipped out and each of us see the item that our prospective of the project is shown. @Chris Nice thought, but actually Schroedinger's Cat is dead AND alive at the same time ;) Just put a comment on kickstarter.com facebook page. Feel free to like/light it up with comments. <url>#!/Kickstarter?fref=ts This is such a good example of the schrodinger's cat paradox, we all nether know if this project is dead nor alive until such time that the box is opened and we see the result, in this case it will be each backer receiving their reward that we will know if the project is dead or alive. @Seth I am still not convinced about that. The only picture I can draw from the current situation is, that there is "something going wrong". The reason why it is so suspicious is the nonexistence of communication. At the moment we do not have any proof that the project has gone wrong - and sadly we have no proof for the opposite. What I expect kickstarter to do, is to clear things up. They should 1) Start to communicate with Crypteks and let us backers know what they are talking about 2) Make clear to Crypteks, that they have to provide reasonable updates on the project. 3) Watch the project futher on to prevent the loss communication with the backers. Sh*t happens. And it is time for Kickstarter to step in, acknowledge that sh*t has happened in this case, apologize for not vetting the project sufficiently, do what it can to get whatever is left of our money back, and wind this project up. The Crypteks USB project is obviously over and it is long past time for Kickstarter to admit it. @Moritz Thanks for your comment. I'm surprised, but definitely glad to know that Kickstarter did respond to ya coz it means that they at least recognize the situation here. Hopefully, they are aware that the situation is messed up enough for them to step in & do something which is (I believe) make Cryptek providing the reasonable update about this project ASAP. I even believe if no update can be made within the week or so, I mean, before Oct. 5th, it's probably the time for all the backers (that paid more than $100) to do something together coz 2 months of no update for the 10 months delayed project is simply too ridiculous no matter what Kryptek thinks. Cryptrade never intended to produce a product. That much is obvious by now. And since Kickstarter refuses to take any action, I'll never back another Kickstarter project. @Tatsu I received some e-mails from kickstarter after my complaint. Nonetheless I never got an update on how kickstarter judges the situation. I wrote an e-mail to them again asking for some more information. I am curious what they have to say. And as I mentioned before...no updates, no product and no nothing! My last comment on the guys behind Crypteks was a 100 % right!!! So SCREW YOU Crypteks guys for pointing at us! Damn......., still no updates? I mean, how many times they've mentioned that they understand all of these comes from their lack of their updating?? It's seriously making me wonder whether it just means they are also lacking the skill to learn somehow in addition to the lack of communication skill (but the project is still on the way?!) or they are just BS-ing all the backers and thus, visiting the Comments section just only to check whether they could be in further trouble or something??? BTW, I've tried contacting Cryptek at least several times during the past few months and I'VE NEVER RECEIVED any kind of response from them. (Neither from Kickstarter too.) And from my experience of backing up several projects here on Kickstarter, Cryptek happens to be the only one that never responds........ No matter whether the project was successfully funded, delayed from the estimated delivery time or not, this is surely turning out to be my worst experience here. @Cryptrade: > We do pardon our lack of communication This is exactly the reason so many of your backers are upset. And while I don't condone the uncivil and inflammatory comments as a result, I do understand the underlying frustration as a fellow backer. MY issue(and I believe I'm not alone) isn't that I haven't received your product yet, rather the complete lack of meaningful communication as to the progress of production. I was a backer of the Pen-Type-A and they had SIGNIFICANT production issues; it took over a year to receive my reward, yet I was fine with it because they provided almost weekly updates, thoroughly detailing what was going on and why there were delays(complete with photographs etc.). Now, I'm not asking for weekly updates or even photographs, but more detailed information than "We're working on it." and with more frequency than once every six weeks would go a long way and help restore some good faith. We've provided you with valuable capital for your product, at the very least we should be afforded regular and informative updates on progress. >however it seems almost futile to please backers that do not understand the situation As another backer put it, we don't understand the situation, because we were never told what "the situation" is. The only thing we know is that "there are problems". At the very least you can provide detailed and timely information, so we're not left guessing what's going on. We each invested not a small sum of money to your project, and that should afford us the right to know exactly what's going on. I think I'll call my Uncle Tony in Jersey and see if can have one of the fellas drop by and have a word with the folks in Michigan. What do you all think? Good idea? (In case you lack a sense of humor, this is a joke....) When did the "Be respectful and considerate" link appear? Back into radio silence mode. Nice. I don't keep those kind of tabs on them. At this point if it ships, it ships. I'll probably get one of the scratch and dent ones from production, if anything at all. At least they logged into kickstarter.com today. That utterly amazes me. I mean no answer at all. @Derik Sorry, probably a bad choice of words - I am still waiting for an answer. What does until now mean? You received an answer so you posted? Or not at all? Yes, I've sent an e-mail after I saw their last comment here. But until now : no answer Has someone sent an e-mail with some questions to Cryptrade? Have you received an answer? I've sent one 5 days ago after they stated "We're all fairly available and active online :)" and "Official emails will be answered via <email> with respect to shipping or billing issues.". No answer until now. Hello Cryptrade, This is my first comment on your project, although I have been following this comments section from the beginning. While I agree that some comments here have been, in my opinion, inflammatory and overstepped the mark I think you need to understand why you are in a cycle of these comments recurring all the time. Without any sign of life from you for sometimes weeks at a time, it is only natural for your backers to become anxious about having financially backed your project with no idea of what is happening. A simple comment like "still going" would make a big difference, even better would be a short paragraph outlining where you are up to. I really think this would make things run a lot smoother for you and us backers. While you say you are not in violation of laws or kickstarter terms and conditions, your lack of communication is certainly not in the spirit of the kickstarter ideal. That said, I hope that the project goes smoothly from here, and a successful product is the final outcome. Thanks you Moritz, it's done ! Moritz they must have slept through their alarm clock. Maybe tomorrow... I was hoping for an update over the weekend. But the day isn't over in Lebanon and hasn't even started in the US... @George Mays They also twittered about it (<url>"advertisement". Some kind of tech blog article brought all of us here in the first place, right? And Nov 2011 is a reasonable time for such an article. @Dauzon You can change it in Cryptrades passwort management system. The link to it is in one of the last update mails. @ George Mays The post from last year shows that there was a relationship between Cyptek / Cryptrade and Slingshot. A relationship that decided Slingshot to publish this in a press release. No less, no more. Hy Cuys... So next update is required... The article Kicjobjob refers to is dated November 25, 2011. Huh? Isn't it September 2012? Is this post for real? Who the hell thinks like this? Hello, How can i change my adress to delivery ? I'dont find form to send my new adresse. Thank you and sorry for my bad english^^ Here the link to the facebook post in the google cache <url>"backer". I don't understad why people think this is Amazon.com ordering. You know what? This is a shame. Here is a really good idea that is floundering. Mr. Cryptrade, you were smart enough to come up with this product. You are, whether you know it or not, probably smart enough to pull it off. But you need to dedicate yourself to this. Quit blaming things on other people (like my President, Mr. O) and get the job done. The outcome is ultimately dependent upon your diligence. Again, my two cents... I live by the internet mantra... show us proof (pics) or its a fake, plain and simple. "We have launched a project that is very much delayed and our backers have rights to know the why's and where's and the how's." Seriously @cryptrade give us a break. If you've got time time to whine about getting some heat then you have time to provide us some answers. And since I know we will never get answers we are looking for I will keep my appointment next week our family attorney. Guys, if you think the heat is getting poured on now... Cryptrade has no right to get huffy. I can not believe this! The post things like "In general we're about finished and we're finishing the final steps required for shipping the units." an everyone is relieved. All might get to a Happyend. Dont you see the point? Last time it was Anonybook who made them react. This time someone it seems that someone contacted Emily ("We do not however feel that the backers that were sent refunds and could not withdraw their funds have any right to questions our motives or team members"). And again: They are about to be finished but they are not able to show a prototype? To send the CAD-files? Who believes in those tales? . "Hope dies last" . Someone likes to bet? I say even if they "in general are about finished / finishing the final steps required for shipping the units" there will be no shipping this year. @Zach I second that. Instead of being defensive, try doing what everyone who has commented here has suggested countless times. Provide timely and meaningful updates. Most of us haven't even asked for the device, we just want information, pictures, to know the status of the project, what is causing the delays, why is it delayed etc. We keep hearing you say that you are in it till the end, but aren't providing the means to the end in any of your posts. You mention you've backed several other projects with similar delays and I am guessing you didn't learn from those either that Information and keeping backers well informed is power. I don't know how many of us or how many times this has to be said, but transparency as backers is all we are asking for. We all want to see this project succeed or we wouldn't have backed it in the first place, however I feel personally that you've done a poor job of handling it. There have been a lot of projects on Kickstarter that end after this one, with equally complex manufacturing goals that are already shipping things out and moving on to the next big thing. Everyone has challenges but to use them as a crutch in every single post isn't cutting it anymore. @cryptrade Wow, you took nearly $200k and haven't delivered a product, pictures of production or a finished product and somehow your backers in the comments area are the a$$holes? When are you filing for bankruptcy anyway? Do us all a favor and prove me wrong. Interesting post by Kickstarter yesterday: <url>re able to perform in their current state of development. - Product renderings are prohibited. Product images must be photos of the prototype as it currently exists. You wrote: "We have launched a project that is very much delayed and our backers have rights to know the why's and where's and the how's." So, please tell us the why's and where's and how's. We have the right, you say so yourself. If you do not want to do it here, do it by a mass e-mail to all of us that are still backers. In lieu of this, please state the expectation of when things will be finished, even if it is a year away. That's not too much to ask, is it? @Cryptrade: I sent you a message since 5 sep , still waiting for a reply, or is international customers easier to scam that USA ones? I need a reply NOW. More than 1 month since the last update, Cryptrade not makes any step in one month? The backers doesn't demand the product NOW, the backers demand a little explanation about the process, that's not difficult. I believe in this project, for us a little new information is refreshing, please not wait for a major update. Cryptrade, fuck you for insulting US! WE gave you our money because we believed in your dreams and thought you could pull it through. Everything we wanted were updates here and there but you went radio silent for MONTHS! What would you expect would happen? WE were mistreated and now...after months of silence you come up and say AGAIN: "Sorry for our lack of communication but you had no right to act like you did." FFS we had all the right to act like we did so dont point the finger at us when you are the ones to point the fingers at. Begin cleaning up your mess and then we can talk about false insults. Show us your "nearly" finished products. Send them out finally and then we can talk. Now we still just have jibberjabber from you and new promises you will not fulfill. So again, shame on you for pointing the finger at us!!! @George Mays I am as surprised of their message as you are. The reason why I am posting here so much is: 1) I am working a lot in front of my computer right now and this page is always open in my browser. During breaks, I hit the reload button. 2) I want to know what is going on. I backed this project and I do not feel included at all (probably many other backers feel the same). I do not want to insult or blame people with rude words here, even though it would feel much better - but there is no benefit in feeling better when the situation does not change to the better. @Cryptrade, I want to start out by saying I still have hope for this project and I think the majority of the people here do as well. We are all just reaching out for some info on what is going on. We want to know if you have manufacturing issues, we want to know if you hit trademark issues, we want to know if there are showstopper design bugs found. If you take a half hour out of your schedule to provide the following 3 things, I think that the majority (~95%) will be more than satisfied: 1. Picture of prototype or pieces that make up the outer shell. 2. CAD schematics (you offered, but I have heard of no backers seeing them yet ) I will sign an NDA if I can see them. 3. Revised estimated ETA (yes I know that stands for estimated estimated time of arrival :-) ) The majority of us saw your idea and were inspired. We wanted to be a part of making this awesome design of yours a reality. Knowing some of the details (good or bad) help people to feel more apart of a project. I know what it is like to work my ass of and have people question my work ethic and the last thing I want to do is to do the same to you. Please just spend 5-10 minutes providing us an update to help us understand what issues and progress you have made. I know this has been a long post, but I have one last statement: When people have no information, they assume the worst. Please give us an update so that we can support your efforts instead of impede and discourage you. Mike What a joke. Now we have an indignant post from Cryptrade. Yawn. I don't believe a word of it and am one of the last people to lose faith in these people. It only sunk in a few days ago that this is vaporware. Ah, you are still there. Save your indignation for somebody that would take you seriously. It's curious that I would prod Moritz and suddenly Cryptrade gets into the act.... This is disappointing. Once again something that should be an update is posted in the comments. Your "we will not communicate here" is going to quickly get buried in the 1500+ comments already here. Whether you hear this or not, I said some things that weren't really kind, and I apologize for saying them. But your 'comment' here doesn't quell all concerns yet. I really do hope things are moving along. @Cryptrade BTW: > We do pardon our lack of communication As always. Why don't you change your whole communication process? >however it seems almost futile to please backers that do not understand the situation We don't understand the situation, because we were never told what "the situation" is. The only thing we know is that "there are problems". Very unspecific. @Cryptrade This is a quite insulting comment. You are very right about many comments here - things boiled up pretty much. But where does it come from? We backers asked so many times for updates and status information and were barly given any. So don't blame us if you go to radio silence for a month and a half after teasing us with a hint to an important call. Since you seem unwilling to comment here any longer, I will not post my questions to you, but will write you an email instead. @George Am I? Moritz is a shill.... Message from Kingston: They are not aloud to give any information. Neither if the photos show kingston PCBA boards nor if there is an order of 1.200 PCBA boards from Bitwize / Crypteks / Cryptrade. @Moritz So I am related to my secretary ;-) ??? My wife will not be amused ... is this project dead in the water? @Heiko Nice data about Emily, but what information can you draw from that? What I see here: Emily knows her boss and his wife. No surprise here. She also knows her bosses sons - probably met them at a christmas dinner of S&B (or somewhere else). She is married (most likely) or has an older brother (less likely from the data). The information here: She is married and knows her boss. If there is more information in it, you should tell us, what "related" means. Related = firends on facebook, being in the same family, sharing a car with them, ... ? Just write her an email ;) @Heiko <url> 6 trays  5 rows  20 boards/row) 4/8/16GB hardware encrypted (256-bit AES). On the photo of the golden sample (Update #31) you can see the sender and the recipient: Sender: Kingston Court, Brooklands Close, Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex, TW167EP, UK, Tel. 44 (0) 1932 738888, Fax 44 (0) 1932 738909 Request Date: 24. Apr. 2012 Ship Date 24. Apr. 2012 Customer PO: Fahad Koumaiha Send To: Bitwize, EASTB Main Road, Valley Green Hotel, Mansourieh, Beirut Try to search for Fahad Koumaiha ;-) You will find a whatever of him (Mounir Koumaiha) at ... ?!? Righty: Bloomfield Hills. Have a look to the right. Projected by ... Cryptrade Inc. Bloomfield Hills. An now to our cute Administrative Assistant (S&B Assets Cry) Emily Villajuan. Found her @ linkedin <url>#31 "golden sample"). I am not a member of linkedin. Maybe someone likes to contact her? That's interesting: I wrote a short e-mail to Slingshot. They responded quite fast, but with no details. Nonetheless, they are still engaged in the project. I have to think about that. What is your opinion on the USB devices we were shown? At the moment it would still be possible for Cryptrade to come back, show us CAD files or even a finished product or any other evidence that proves that this project is not a scam. (I know this is a very hypothetical case.) If we could find out what devices we were shown in the "unpacking video", we could have a definite answer to the question if it was a scam from the beginning, since the possible outcomes are: 1) The devices are fake (normal USB drives - I assume they did not order real custom made hardware encrypted devices) => the project was a scam from the beginning. Mr. Safford and his whole company are demonstrably involved in an illegal process. 2) The devices are real (AES encrypted USB drives as ordered by Cryptrade) => the project was not a scam from the beginning. Either it became a scam now (for reasons we don't know) or it is presently not a scam and the radio silence is for another, legitimate reason. Does someone know what we could find out from the numbers that can be seen on the devices? kickstater is profiting from this scam, they made money off of it. Morally they are in the wrong, I don't give a shit about the terms of service. Kickstarter should. Are about scams. I have back 8 or 9 projects when they complete I won't be doing this again. It makes no sense risking my money, I will just pay full price. I refuse give any more of my money to kickstarter because of the way they distance themselves from the crime. Everyone should raise hell on Kickstarter's Facebook page and raise red flags on all the other Kickstert projects. If Kickstarter cares about anyone, it'll care about getting angry feedback from other project owners. Kickstarter has not done its job by either vetting the project properly or by investigating it, resolving it, explaining the result and making some effort to recover what's left of the money (even if it's futile, they owe us at least an attempt). Kickstarter also failed to make it clear that when you back a project, there is every possibility that the project owner will simply run off with your money and Kickstarter will do jack about it. I'd like to have known that from the start. Okay so I've had plenty of good experiences on Kickstarter. This bad one, however, hurts especially bad because 1.) It was a fairly significant sum of money. and 2.) because I really, really, really wanted a USB inside a Cryptex. Sad that all evidence currently points to a scam. If that's what it truly was, it was a brilliant form of Social Engineering. First the idea, followed by the story (Was "Magic" even a real person -- If so, what would they be thinking about the creator now? hm? good way to honor them.) Second, the legal name problem. Good way to add sympathy. Though drawn out WAY longer than It had to. You probably could have turned around and called it a poop spindle and your backer's would have been happy. We only wanted the design, not the brand. Third, The amount of refunds. Brilliant way to draw it out longer, give up a few to keep the many. Last, The USB Sticks video (were they even real? or just garbage thrown together in plastic wrapping?) It was curious why you'd use an administrator at your lawyer's office instead of you yourself. Oh well, hurt #2 was overbearing enough that I chose to keep on trusting. OK, let's all go over to the Kickstarter Facebook page and raise hell. I posted the following: Bad idea to ever fund a kickstarter project. I backed the Crypteks USB project and it turned out to be vaporware. The Crypteks people just kept the money, never produced anything and there was never any explanation from either Crypteks or Kickstarter. Under no circumstances would I back any other Kickstarter project. It's way past time for Kickstarter to intervene and explain the situation to us. Kickstarter sucks. It is way, way long past time for Kickstarter to intervene and either get us our money back (what's left of it) or close this project with and explanation. It is obviously no longer an active project with any possibility of completion. Probably everybody got catched by the NSA because their product was so brilliant. No one answered the phone. The number I called was: 248-646-9100 ext. 10, which is listed on the SaffordBaker site. @Zach No answer meaning nobody answered the phone or no answers like the person you were talking to had nothing to say? Is there a way to file a complaint about lawyers in the US? Maybe the BBB is not the best address if a lawyer is not fulfilling his duties. It's time to finish this project guys. You're that is... If your one of the $1500 backers or the one $3,750 backer, could you please chime in? Thanks Steven How are those springs coming along... The times I had called there was no answer. When I contacted the BBB they also received no answer as well. I still wonder why there is nobody willing to call Mr. Safford and ask him a few questions. I only find complaints here in the comments section, but noone is doing one of the most obvious things... You know, if they tried but just failed, couldn't do it, I'd be less outraged. But the lack of communication tells me that this was never a legitimate project. The fact that their fundraiding goal was only $12,000 should have been a tip-off. @Chris @Deff In my case it took 5 days for a reply from kickstarter. How long have you been waiting? @Chris - I have had no reply from Kickstarter either. @George: I agree; I also reported this project to Kickstarter, suggesting they closely follow the timeline of Cryptrade updates and comments, which can only lead to the conclusion that there is no physical prototype and no milling, smokescreen and fake excuses. I have not even had the courtesy of a reply. While it is my belief that Cryptrade is a one-man show with a dim bulb trying to drive this project, I think that things like this happen and that we don't, in practical terms, have much recourse. What I find more irritating is that Kickstarter seems to be acting as if they have no involvement in this run-amiss project. As backers we all assumed that Kickstarter had properly vetted the project and that they would continue to act as an intermediary between Cryptrade and us. Instead, Kickstarter seems to have something of a "not my problem" attitude with respect to our concerns and they seem to have poorly qualified the projects initially. My two cents.... This project is a complete and utter violation of Kickstarter's Terms of Use. An attorney would have a field day with this. Sigh...want to see a photo of me? Just look up the definition of "SUCKER". Notice from kickstarter: My email will be forwarded to the trust & safety team. So, no real progress on that end at the moment. *Insert Jeopardy theme here* @Deff That is what I did. And I got the response from kickstarter, that I can contact the "Trust & Safety" team via this button without further explanaition on the category to choose. And I wonder, why they did not forward my message to the appropriate team in the frist place. @Moritz - Go to the "Home" tab up top for the Crypteks project home page and scroll all the way to the bottom and you'll see a "report this project" link at the bottom. There's no blanket category for us to report, so I used the "this is not a project" choice and explained the lack of communication and lack of real update/proof of progress. Saffordbaker probably is on GoDaddy and anonymous DDoS'ed GoDaddy yesterday. @Derik LOL, sadly this is very true. @Travis That depends on who you ask. If you ask a lot of the backers, Yes. If you ask Cryptrade, you probably won't get a response. So is this yet another KickStarter project that has gone belly up? I've become sick of this model if they truly have no means of holding these project managers accountable. @Heiko <url>"Report this project" button and selected the option "This is not a project." since it is the closes description to the problems. Kickstarters response: "Cooper, Sep 10 18:17 (EDT): Hi Moritz, Thanks for writing in and bringing our attention to this project. I'm sorry to hear that you've had little success getting a response, and that the project creator is not being forthcoming with information about the project. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Kickstarter cannot issue refunds, as transactions are between you and the project creator. If a project youve backed raises your suspicions, please let our Trust & Safety team know by using the Report this project tool at the bottom of the project page. We review every report with care. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and a part of the Kickstarter community. Apologies again that youve had a bad experience -- we hope that its resolved soon. Best, Cooper" Without any information on how to reach named "Trust and Safety" team. I've sent an e-mail to the author of this article: <url>"Cooper, Sep 10 16:48 (EDT): Hi Zach, Thanks for writing in and sorry to hear about this. When projects launch on Kickstarter theyre often in the early stages of development. Before the project can be fulfilled they have to complete it first. Its not uncommon for things to take longer than planned, and creators are expected to keep backers in the loop whatever is happening. A couple things to check out if you havent already: 1. The Estimated Delivery Date on the project page. When did the creator expect the project to be completed? This is listed here, but note that it is an estimated date rather than a firm ship date. 2. Project Updates. Creators should be updating their backers on the projects progress here. If theres news this is where creators would most likely be sharing it. If the creator hasnt updated, send them a direct message or post a comment letting them know that youre interested in whats happening with the project. Sometimes creators just need to be woken up. And if youd like us to forward your message onto the creator directly, wed be happy to. Just let us know. Best, Cooper " So nothing outside of what we are doing now. Which is very disappointing. I guess it's really time to seek alternative means of bringing this project to the attention of the creators since they've failed numerous times to provide the information that has been asked for by several different backers on several different occasions. My next step is to contact Gizmodo with screenshots and copy/pastes of all the updates thus far as well as copy/pastes of all of Cryptrade's comments which show direct confliction with updated posts as far as timelines go. Maybe I am in the wrong here, and feel free to chime in if you think I am, but at least I'm not going to sit idle and not do anything about it when not provided with a satisfactory amount of information regarding this project. @Zach I wrote to kickstarter a few days ago and there hasn't been a response. I doubt that there will be one in the future. I contacted Kickstarter with no response yet. I don't think enough people have complained to them yet. Next logical step would be for all of us to set a day aside to all notify techblogs of this matter. If they see an influx of users all regarding the same thing, they'll be more apt to post something. Gizmodo is one of the more riskier blogs and probably would post something. The others would follow suit after seeing it there. If we still haven't got the response we are entitled to based on the kickstarters terms of use, then I really do think it would be best to discuss the idea of a class action suit against all parties involved. Right now, it appears to be fraudulent activity, as well as a means to scam backers out of money. We are approaching a year, yet we haven't even seen a prototype, and their posts signify that they are producing units without even having a test sample. Which is a major no no when manufacturing. So anyone willing to defend Cryptrade at this point has little regard for this project or their money. @Heiko I can't reach it. Technical problems I guess. They are surely not gone for good. Or maybe... Hm, who knows. And now, folks? There is still noone willing to investigate a little, huh? So we all lost our money. And noone will be held accountable for it. Not Mr. Safford, not Cryptrade, and neither kickstarter.com. End of story. ??? What happened to <url>"Resnick & Moss PC". A full service law firm that specializes in bankruptcy. @All backers: I wish you a merry christmas and a happy new year. There was a reaction somewhere? No reaction from Mr. Safford until now. Cryptrade's last login: August 10th 2012. nice 200 grand scam... @Scott Oh. Ok that makes sense. Sorry sometimes obvious stuff goes above my head. And you are not the first person to think I am working with them due to my optimism. I'm no longer being optimistic, I'm just watching the comments now. Optimism hasn't helped or hindered so I usually just shut up. Sure @Sam. Show me the last substantial update from these bozos? Photos? CAD Files? More undelivered promises. They are drawing up an NDA, uh, their "corporate" headquarters is an attorneys office. That should have taken five minutes. Every word out of their mouthes has been a lie. Sam, you are either the most optimistic person in the world or your some how tied in to this project beyond backing it. I'm beginning to believe is the the latter. @Derik - Their last update was on 10 AUG, and that wasn't an update... it was addressing the comments section and saying "sorry for sucking". There hasn't been a real update in months. We're left without a timeline and no indication that we'll ever get our investment back. @Scott No I really don't get it. Care to explain? @sam green you've got to be kidding right? Why does everyone always assume the worst when they go radio silent again? I don't get it. I'm pretty sure that last login field is exactly that, when they last submitted their username / password on the site, not when they were last active. Misled by cookies! Anyways, I'm not giving up yet, as far as posts to months ratios go, it's not the worst I've seen, but far from the best. The annoying part updates being promised and not delivered. That and the fairly large price tag on the pledged item in comparison to other projects on KS that ARE receiving the info they crave. It's a very concerning situation and a bit of PR time and prototype videos could be very very helpful to the backers, and project image. @Deff => Page 2, August 28th last comment. For me, we are September 8th ^^ @Cryptrade => Some news please ? @Seth => You are right, it's an expensive lesson for me too Almost a month since Cryptrade's last login. Message is clear: this is a scam. Expensive lesson. And the last kickstarter project I will back. @cryptrade I noticed a few pages back that you were pointing out that you haven't seen other projects ridiculed as much as this one. Check out the recently posted Kickstarter Blog. There are several others projects posted there in the comments that you may review to feel better about your lack of communication, by backers who feel a similar tinge of abandonment. <url>"CRXiVAULT" Evereyone . . . except us :-) :-) :-) :-) @George I doubt that kickstarter actually checks that. Kickstarter's own rules demand a functioning prototype. I would like to see proof that such a prototype actually exists. Again the question: Is there an American/native English speaking backer how is willing to a) contact Mr. Safford for more information or b) visit the offices of Cryptrade ? It would be good to have some data/information that is not comming from Cryptrade. Who is responsible for fulfilling the promises of a project? <url>#WhoIsRespForFulfThePromOfAProj <url>r Computertechnik, Computer Bild, PC-Welt, PC-Magazin, PC-Praxis, Chip, Netzwelt and Golem.de. Any further suggestions? Just keep it plain and simpel: Take my god damn money if you so dearly need it but shut the fuck up with telling us lies! At least show some god damn manners and tell us you are a bunch of fraudsters. May god be with your doomed souls. Yeah I agree we should warn others not to back through kick starter, they have thier cut, so don't have to be worried any more. They can just leave the backers to hang out to dry. We would be better off just waiting for the projects to be available on the open market. Cryptex have gone, but just not admitted it. Funding through amazon also blows, they won't refund after 60 days or refund to overseas. I'm done with this website. Ward others by what ever means you can. I've sent a message to kickstarter about this fiasco, I suggest everyone else do the same. Next step is to notify the tech blogs, after which I'm not sure of which direction to take. These guys truly have no common decency when it comes to the backers, leading us on and never giving us firm information. @Sam Green yep vaporware. Or, if you prefer, the emperor has no clothes @Cryptrade Hello, We need an update on this project, and I mean a real update, with real information, without having to ask other questions later. I invite you to respond quickly to this request, before those who decide to invest in your project does not get bored really, because of a flagrant and inexcusable lack of transparency and communication. I've invested a substantial amount in this project, and I want to know after 8 months how my money is used. If I lost my investment, I prefer to know rather than go round in circles with a false hope, and possibly wasting my time watching if you post on this comment thread. So I hope to read an update shortly and see if you really want to get involved in this project. Solmate (<url>"Kickstarter is not store", *I* even said it; but until crowd-funding learns to implement accountability to the backers, I certainly refuse to fund entrepreneurs without a track record. Call it a $200 lesson... @Larry Yes, I fully agree, except that @Cryptrade would still have to provide us with the reasons why it failed. That would be fair. @arachnist You are missing the point. We are all aware of that kickstarter isn't a store. A project owner is responsible for the money the backers gave him. He's in debt. He would also be in debt if he went to a bank or anyone else to give him the money to start his business. The difference is the responsibilities arising from this debt: banks and investors would probably insist on detailed project reports every three month. Here, at kickstarter, the responsibility is to involve the backers and let them know what is going on. And @Cryptrade does not do that. They didn't do it, they don't do it and the won't do it (at least this is my point of view at the moment). So, they have our money and we have... nothing. And you justify that? That's great! I gonna start a project too, claiming to have the best product ever, do some fancy renderings, collect the money and then be fine with it. No meaningful updates, no pictures, no commitments and after half a year I call the project failed. Best idea ever! Do you really think this is how crowdfunding shoudl work? I wish there were some leverages in the hands of us backers to act appropriately in these situations. But obviously, there arn't any. If the project is failed just say so. For the people seeking legal action against these guys: kickstarter is *not* a store. It's a "give us some money and if we succeed you'll maybe get this". So, since the BBB seems not to be a real option to put our hopes on, what's up with the plan of having a personal visit to @Cryptrades offices? What other options do we have? I can think of the following right now: 1) Report the project to Kickstarter. Maybe they get involved, if a significant number of backers files a complaint about this project. 2) Agree on a deadline after which a significant number of backers request a refund. A few persons leaving the project per month has probably a smaller impact than having, lets say 15% of the backers leaving at the same time. 3) The "media". Could a native speaker sum up what happened here and get in touch with a) some tech blogs or b) local news <- whatever is preferable in the US. 4) Are there any legal measures we can think of? I ask this, because at the moment I doubt that @Cryptrades behavior is fraudulent. @Heiko Da hast du schon recht, aber es ndert nicht viel, denn deine Nummer 1 ist eine Folge von Kickstarter und hat nichts mit @Cryptrade zu tun. Auerdem ist es fraglich, ob jemand der kein Backer mehr ist noch sonderliches Interesse am Kommentieren htte - ich kann mir besseres mit meiner Zeit vorstellen. Zu 2 und 3: ja, absolut. I got the same response from the BBB this week. Being that my complaint is that the company is not responding and not following through with my purchase, did the BBB really think that the company would respond to them? the BBBs reply was totally ridiculous. Luc, it's the same with me. I have to wonder if it's worth it. Kickstarter,s we don't get involved policy is bullshit. They have and will continue to profit form fraudulent activity. Some of these projects generate a lot of cash and because kickstarter gets some of that profit they relay should take an interest. This too was my first kickstarter. It is looking like I pissed away 200 bucks. For the record I would not care about it if say the project creators said something to the effect of hey we burned through the money and due to poor planning we ran out. That would at least be truthfull. So back on topic. I am coming to the conclusion it's better to wait, if a kickstarter project gets off the ground, I will but it then with no risk to my money. @Luc : That's about the same with me. This is what lured me in, but like you said, it also made me loose faith in the system. I find it ironic that this is the project that brought me to Kickstarter and the one that has caused me to walk away from it. The BBB close a complaint about a business not responding to complaints because that business didn't respond to the request. I don't know about anyone else but if I worked for the BBB I would have approved the request and done something about it as that would have proven to me that the business is very poor at communicating, that's just me though lol. the BBB may not have been the best route lol. I just received this response from the Better Business Bureau: "BBB made several attempts to contact the business regarding your complaint and has received no response. Your complaint will now be closed by BBB, indicating that the business did not respond. If we receive a delayed response from the business, your complaint will be reopened and the response forwarded to you." @Heiko: I agree; fortunately there are some well-run, well-communicated projects with great products who deliver on their promises, with no false excuses, who restore one's faith in the Kickstarter process. Cryptrade have a very long way to go to convince me their project is anything but a bad dream. :-) Die Hoffnung stirbt zuletzt. Merkt hier eigentlich noch irgendjemand etwas? Dieses Projekt ist eine einzige Verarsche: 1. Alle Kritiker und werden durch Auszahlung mundtot gemacht. So wie ich es verstanden habe wird im Falle der Erstattung der "Backer-Status" entzogen. Daher keine Beitrge mehr von Anonybook. 2. Die Vielzahl der dreisten Ausreden macht selbst die grten Skeptiker sprachlos. 3. Diese Projekt ist einfach nur eine Schande fr das Crowdfunding-System. I am hoping in the next hour and a half there is going to be a substantial update. You keep continually putting us off after we've asked for the same information time and time again. All your responses have nothing to do with the project itself, but all address either refunds or making fun of yourselves for lack of communication. I've already reported your company to the local BBB in your area for unsatisfactory business practices, and I feel personally that asking for a refund would do very little to educate you in business etiquette and best business practices. I've mentioned this several times before, but I believe since the gadget blogs are what got you so much funding, the. They can also shed some light on how terribly this project has refused to keep its backers in light even with so many requests for information. You just can't keep lying to us with promised updates and never deliver, that isn't how this process works. You can't say you are milling the components one month and two months later say you are just now milling springs. Or say you will post a video of torture tests and such, but never post the video and months after you supposedly have the PCB boards, finally make a video. In law terms, this is called 'defrauding the public'. The steady stream of backers asking for refunds should give you enough of a hint to understand that you aren't doing it right. @Steven Seriously? This again?........ VAPORWARE!!! @Cryptrade : "With respect to refunds, international backers that received refunds prior to the April 5th deadline (and that was the deadline), had an issue collecting as Amazon Payments doesn't allow transfers to bank accounts outside of the U.S. This is an ongoing issue and we have nothing to do with it. We're trying to set up a viable solution to this situation (check, money order?). All refund requests were processed when they were supposed to and we'll address each one appropriately. " Why do you always contradict yourself ? More than one month ago (July 19) you said : "With respect to the few backers that were issued refunds outside of the U.S and were not able to access funds via Amazon.com: We will be sending out Western Union money transfers and you will be contacted shortly for your details. We thank you for your patience while resolving this issue." And now you don't know how you will do ?????? @Cryptrade So, what's going on with SlingShot? I use CAD daily in my line of work, but I can't be bothered with an NDA to be honest. I think it's a hassle and a waste of time. Cryptrade says they are under pressure trying to get these devices to us, but are taking time to send CAD files and draft up NDAs for backers, but can't manage to give us solid timely updates. This project severely needs someone with some business sense to intervene and take control and get some results or I fear the worst. It's disappointing that this project might actually hit a year timeframe for something that could have easily been done in 3 months or less, and before you say "you have no idea" I really do know what it takes to put a project together and bring it in on time, that's my job to make sure it happens in a timely manner and arrange for suppliers and manufacturers to meet their deadlines. Regardless, good luck guys. Apparently with the lack of direction, you need it. Is there anyone among the backers who has a thorough understanding of technical processing and who can read the CAD files? If so, it would certainly be interesting to have your opinion about the parts here so every backer can read it - as long as the NDA does not prohibit this. @Moritz - excellent points all-around. Cryptrade cannot ask for help, or imply that it is needed, when they don't even update backers on what's going on! @Cryptrade - You're incorrect. I've asked for a refund no less than 6 times, and I have yet to receive one. Get moving. Asking for help to work out how to manufacture your product whilst simultaneously trying to give the impression that you are close to the end of the project and about to ship ??!???! Sadly this does not inspire much confidence. Maybe now would be time to come clean completely. Have you made any parts yet? Is anything milled? Is there anything tangible that might give us some tiny glimmer of hope that the product may come to fruition (don't really care when.......) If it can't be done, can you just tell us and put us out of our misery? I do not share the anger and vitriol of backers such as Anonybook; I am not interested in suing you or demanding a refund. This is the first Kickstarter project I ever backed (22 out of 24 others have been terrific in terms of updates or the actual product; 1 faulty product, 1 developer dropped off the face of the earth). This project makes me sad not for the unrequited goal, but more for the apparent dishonesty, lack of transparency and perpetual stringing along of backers. Please Cryptrade, for the sake of human decency, spell it all out for us! @Cryptrade Thanks for the comment. But I have a few questions regarding your statements: 1) Why do you need a NDA if you have filed a patent application? If you are granted the patent, everything is fine. If you are not, a competitor could by one of the devices and reverse-engeneer it. If an malicious backer would take your CAD drawings and try to make a profit out of it, you have the patent filing date as proof that you are the rightful owner/creator. But ok, if your desire is to have a NDA, I am fine with it. 2) "a few of you have some great suggestions" - suggestions for what exactely? We do not know what kind of problems you are facing - how could we suggest solutions for you? And could some of our suggestions still be included in the production process? Until now, I was under the impression that the milling has already started - obviously this is not the case if it is still possible for us/engeneers among the backers to contribute substantially to the "engeneering process". 3) "We have no qualms with transparency" You are very intransparent. We know nothing about you guys, except that you have a lawyer and our money. Questions are only partially answered (if they are answered at all) and updates are rare. Really rare, even though you have plenty of things to tell and issues to clarify. 4) "We get yanked around every 5 mins and a lot of promises made to us were never fulfilled." Document it! Write it down in weekly updates. Let your backers know what is going on. 5) "albeit not always due to how wonderful we're doing" How could we tell? 6) "We'll do our best to post the pics that were requested. :)" The images that were requested since months? It took you that long to begin "doing your best"? What is taking you so long? 7) "Will let you know what happens with SlingShot after our call tomorrow/day after." What could happen? If it does not work out as you expected, do you have a backup plan? A non-engeneering suggestion for your communication: Buy a digital camera and start to blog about your project. Take pictures of the parts, of yourselves, your offices, etc. Show us the "wonderful" things you are doing. Blog weekly. Blog infromation. Let us know what is going on. If you do not want to have this all in a public blog, protect it. @Nicholas As I said, showing the CAD files is certainly a step into the right direction, but it does not proof anything. Since @Cryptrade has never shown anything from the development process, the CAD files are completely out of context and could even have been created last week. If they show a very suble, complex device thats complexity is evident to an average technician who is able to understand the drawings, then I have to ask, why had @Cryptrade these troubles with their manufacturers? They certainly saw the high demands, too, and still offered to mill the parts even though they knew they couldn't provide the high precision? Sounds very strange to me. And since @Cryptrade has never shared any development information, we once again do not have a context on what happened exactely. Where the CAD-files adapted since then? Will you be shown all development iterations? Only the first one with the too-high-demands? Or is it only the latest version? Is the latest version being the one that is produced right now? Or are the demands still too high? Having the CAD files sadly proves nothing about the product, since they come out of the blue. It only shows that @Cryptrade has "something". Visiting them is still the best option we have. It would give you information, such as: Is there a prototype they can show? Do they have the necessary machinery to assemble the parts? Do they have packages for the devices? This would be physical traces that this whole project is not a hoax/fraud/whatever. And it would give you some metainformation: What is the impression of the people in charge there? Are they open-minded and welcoming to their backers, or do they hide something? Do they answer questions right away with good answers or is every answer (even those we see here) going over several desks for spin-doctoring/PR pruposes? Do they seem capable of handling the situation and the money, or was the money spent on expensive company cars? etc, etc, etc. Since nearly a year now we are waiting for proof of existence for this product. If I don't miss something substantial, there were only 13 official updates from @Cryptrade and probably only 3 of them came carried information that could be called "useful" if you have a good-natured mindset (i.e. plastic "proof of concept", the USB device sample and the USB device unpacking). If your mind is ill-natured, this number reduces to 0 since no update at all showed continuity concerning things and time (such as "We are now working on A", "Based on A we did B.", "B did not work out as we thought because of C, so we change or plans to D." "We now have a prototype of D, but it's in plastic. A milled one is expected in 8 weeks." And so on.) What we are left with is a mixture from polished answers to a minority of our questions and silence for the rest with a lengthy statement on their self-awareness in terms of bad communication skills. What we also do not know: Who is writing the updates? Who is writing the comments? Who approves them (if such a person exists at all). The only person we have seen is the woman unpacking the USB devices who was filmed by Randy Safford (that's at least what the update says) - so, their lawyer (?) is the camera man? Who is "Em" (the woman)? Google says she is an Administrative Assistant at Safford & Baker. I am assuming that these persons do not assemble the devices. According to @Cryptrade's message three days ago the devices are going to be completely assembled in the US - and not a single person that will be involved in the assembly process was present to do the unpacking? We do not even know how many technicians @Cryptrade has. And quite frankly speaking, having a blog post every week about the current state of the project is not asked too much, nor is it so time consuming that it cannot be done. And, just to clarify this: I have no problem with the project needing more time. Not at all. But I'd like to have two things: 1) Frequent and solid updates on the status of the project. 2) I don't like being treated like an idiot. (BTW: The "average technician" is not ment in any insulting way to the backers - it is ment in a statistical way. There would be no sense in offering the CAD files if it took a rocket science expert on LSD to understand them.) P.S.: Please excuse the violation of the English language above. It is hard to concentrate on the language when your head is filled with concerns about this project. @George Sam Green is correct about refunds. Going through the comments section multiple people have posted about receiving their refunds. Send an email to <email> to get a hold of them since notifications don't always come through the Kickstarter site. @Everyone After emailing with the backer closest to the Offices of Safford & Baker, I don't necessarily think an onsite visit would provide any insight for the actual product. Cryptrade's latest comment should quell many fears that have been expressed. I, for one, have already sent an email about the CAD designs and would love to see them. I fully believe that these devices are more intricate than they appear. I will still be calling Randy Safford and will ask to chat with him whenever he has time. If there's still interest in actual photos of Safford & Baker's office then we will definitely provide I just don't think they'll show much (short of a business office). @Cryptrade I agree with Moritz and Sam that a picture of the product would speak bounds to the state of the project. Along with a picture of the project, would we be able to get a picture of the Cryptrade group? I think putting a face or faces with a project makes it a little more personal and shows the human side to a company. I thank you for your latest post here in the comments section and appreciate the information contained within it. I will echo what Egil Tllner has said about posting the information as an actual update, though, since people like myself are subscribed to the actual updates with email. @Cryptrade I do not like going to the comments to find news from you. Please give us all and any news via the updates. A weekly or even monthly update from you would help. Try to be transparent and keep us in the loop in a more active way. @George Several backers have stated receiving refunds, Anonybook is the most recent who comes to mind. Once again folks, no tangible proof of product; just a bunch of malarky..... I'm curious. Is there anybody out there who has actually received a refund? @Cryptrade - I'd like the refund I was promised two weeks ago as well. This user's account has been deleted. @Cryptrade I agree with Moritz on this one. Showing people a picture would really help. @Cryptrade Thanks for the update that partially answered some questions. Sharing the CAD files with interested backers is certainly a good idea, but it still does not have the same weight as an image of a prototype/master sample. I (and probably many backers) still want to see that. Thanks a lot for the update. It's always good to hear from you guys! @Cryptrade Mmk. Can't wait! @Cryptrade Cool. When do you think they'll be shipping? 2 Weeks since they last logged in. This project is very very re-assuring. @Nicholas Thanks! I hope you/the other backer will find out something. Would be great. If they don't provide us with information, maybe it is time to do that on our own. @Cryptrade For how long are you planning to keep up the radio silence? I think the main course of your concerns (@Anonybook) is (sadly?) gone - you should start clearing things up. This user's account has been deleted. @Nicholas Thanks. Being over 3000 miles away makes it quite difficult to do anything! I wish they'd just learn to improve their communication... @Everyone Just in case anyone was wondering, you can't PM another user from Kickstarter which dampens the hopes on this a little bit. Luckily, I can email one of the backers through his website and he's only approximately 15 minutes away so we'll see how that goes. I don't want to release his name since that wouldn't be fair to him if he wants nothing of it. Besides, just going through the backer list is easy enough to determine who they are. I will update here in the comments when I find anything out. @Moritz I'm approximately 2 hours away from Bloomfield Hills, MI. I offered before but I'll see if I can fit in a drive up there sometime shortly. Last time I offered they released that video update which satisfied my concerns at the time. There is at least one backer less than 15 minutes away but his name escapes me now. I'll find and PM him to see if he would be willing. If that doesn't work I will at least give Safford & Baker a call. @Cryptrade You guys really need to be more on the ball with pictures / video / any media if you want to calm the mob down... To echo what other backers have said too, communication is key to this type of platform. You have to have at least one golden prototype, right? Would you be able to produce a video with the prototype in action (i.e. unlocking and removing the stick, plugging in and launching the interface and locking the stick back up). DAMN s0n 11 days I hope they are working hard on the project I dn't really want to be a negative Nancy so I'll keep my hopes up. Is here someone from the area where they are located (US or Lebanon, depending on where the "assemble" the device), or is close to Mr. Randy Safford and could give them a friendly visit just to take an image for all of us? Or at least speak to them directly. I like how the hold up is now on the springs. Here's a video from How it's made on springs. My favorite quote "This machine can produce up to 2000 springs per hour..." <url>"Shortly mean Monday JuTs" And which Monday ? We are already Wednesday (almost Thursday) and I still have not received any information @Larry I see. Sorry about the dupes Sam, the captcha system is not very good. I have issue with it. The reason someone would be distrustful is because of everything that has happend. I have asked for a password reset three times and I have not got it. It is my fault for not rememberIng all three security questions but that was a long time ago. At the end of the day I need a reset. Sam, the captcha system is not very good. I have issue with it. The reason someone would be distrustful is because of everything that has happend. I have asked for a password reset three times and I have not got it. It is my fault for not rememberIng all three security questions but that was a long time ago. At the end of the day I need a reset. Sam, the captcha system is not very good. I have issue with it. The reason someone would be distrustful is because of everything that has happend. I have asked for a password reset three times and I have not got it. It is my fault for not rememberIng all three security questions but that was a long time ago. At the end of the day I need a reset. Sam, the captcha system is not very good. I have issue with it. The reason someone would be distrustful is because of everything that has happend. I have asked for a password reset three times and I have not got it. It is my fault for not rememberIng all three security questions but that was a long time ago. At the end of the day I need a reset. Sam, the captcha system is not very good. I have issue with it. The reason someone would be distrustful is because of everything that has happend. I have asked for a password reset three times and I have not got it. It is my fault for not rememberIng all three security questions but that was a long time ago. At the end of the day I need a reset. So because you can't log into the vault because of captcha you think this project is a fraud? How is that logical? STUPID VAULT ! Cannot log with this stupid bot security. Fix that. Proove us that project arent a joke and a fraud ! Crypt trade post a photo of a prototype or parts or anything convincing. Unboxing usb sticks that could be in any factory, place or warehouse doesn't prove they are part of your project. I'm still convinced your ripping us all off. I agree with Seth. Still no update. Still no refund. Well, no response to either my comment here or to my private KS message to the Cryptrade team. I understand that there is a difference between a store with readymade product and KS, but without getting regular updates, a KS project is nothing more than a blind investment. That's the problem I have with this project. There's been little to no communication, only when forced by volleys of negative comments here. As I mentioned in my last comment, I'd rather have my money back at this point. I too am unable to reset my password, and yes the text used to defend against bots is way to hard to read, there are much better systems. Can I get a password reset? @Seth Jeez dude. That seems unnecessarily harsh. MartyF81, take a long walk on a short pier, you little putz. We all know the difference between Amazon and kickstarter. What we object to most is the lack of updates. Idiot. And now I can't get into that stupid online vault to change my mailing address. It won't take my kickstarter password or it won't take those little letters to to prove I'm a bot and can barely read. And I can't answer the question to reset the password because the question fields are blank. WTF. And now I can't get into that stupid online vault to change my mailing address. It won't take my kickstarter password or it won't take those little letters to to prove I'm a bot and can barely read. And I can't answer the question to reset the password because the question fields are blank. WTF. I've backed two kickstarter projects. Both months and months late. I'll definitely never back another one. @Wendy - I agree. I'm tired of waiting. Tired of no news. I've backed a lot of Kickstarter projects, and this one takes the cake. At this rate, I just want a refund. What happened to letting the rest of us know about getting a refund? That was supposed to be announced by yesterday. I'm glad that someone finally got their money, but I also want my money back. @Cryptrade take a look at this <url>"extremely busy") for not communicating to backers. Any project sponsor (which is the role we backers assume here) that has had no communication for weeks from a developer during high risk points and milestones during development should and would feel the same way - failure or not. Cryptrade hasn't done that, and as such, I'm removing my investment if they're willing to give it back to me. I don't want to be a part of this effort any longer, and, incidentally, nor do I have a use for the technology at this point. And for your edification and education: Kickstarter isn't a platform for free money. Each of us has paid Cryptrade to provide us with a product commensurate with our level of pledge. Cryptrade sold us on the fact that if they raised $12,000 USD they'd be able to pull this off without a hitch. No problem, though - I'm not upset that they're incompetent at engineering and project management. I'm simply upset that they still refuse to give us a real update with a timeline. Where's the get-well plan? Where's the respect for the backers? You're certainly welcome to your opinion, but I'd recommend you form an educated opinion. I am amazed that I keep coming back here and seeing people complaining like they placed an order on Amazon and never got it. This project could die and they would still be legally ok. In fact I hope it does go belly up, just to teach you idiots a lesson. @Cryptrade I'll toast to that future! *holds up a glass of ginger ale(sorry I'm under age can't drink yet. =P)* We are relieved to announce that we have finally received our refund from Cryptrade. In the event this project is actually valid, and the promised product actually materializes, we sincerely hope for the sake of the backers here that Cryptrade's future customer service improves. Why won't you process our refund. We can still you're still here commenting. @Cryptrade Maybe you could say us when you will do what it necessary to refund those who reside outside USA. Three weeks ago you said : "With respect to the few backers that were issued refunds outside of the U.S and were not able to access funds via Amazon.com: We will be sending out Western Union money transfers and you will be contacted shortly for your details. We thank you for your patience while resolving this issue. " Personally I didn't received any contact. What's your meaning of "shortly" ? Want to chat with Cryptrade's lawyer about this mess? CONTACT INFO FOR CRYPTRADE'S LAWYER "Cryptrade, Inc" is registered with Michigan as a domestic profit corporation represented by Resident Agent RALPH R. SAFFORD, phone number (248) 646-9100, with a registered office address of 40900 Woodward Ave, Suite 275, Bloomfield Hills, MI 48304. Their incorporation date is September 27, 2011, and their most most recent Officer/Director information filed with the State lists FADI YOUSEF BADAWI as President, RAMY YOUSEF BADAWI as Secretary, HANAN YOUSEF BADAWI as Treasurer, and again, FADI YOUSEF BADAWI as Director. Director's LinkedIn Profile: <url>"functional prototype". If this is true, then together with failure to deliver "within reasonable time frame", Kickstarter would seem FORCED to get off their lazy asses and intervene here. Adrian, that LaCie unit looks great. And by simply TrueCrypt (<url>"official" update isn't a lie? "A few things of note this time around: CNC milling of the units have commenced and we will be shipping units out in batches. Backers that pledged first will receive their units followed by backers whom have pledged at a later date. We feel this system is much better than having to wait for all of the units to be milled and sent out together. We're estimating that our first batch of 300 should be ready to be shipped in 5 weeks starting today. This will be followed by the next batch 4-5 days later till every backer has received their unit." A one man company, 1248 backers, he raised a $165,730. Pretty similar stats to Cryptek. It's a pretty technical project with lots of highs and lows yet some how he manages to keep us updated REGULARLY. @crypteks your small company excuse is a joke. <url>`t know if i ever get my product. But next time i see a unique idea on Kickstarter i will invest again. @ Anonybook "We will not fund projects from those who are not American and not residing inside the United States. " Thank you from Germany. What the hell is going on here. With Kickstarter you have one of the best or the best crowdfunding platforms. Cause everyone only with a good idea can try to realize it. No matter if you have marketing, communication or production skills. No limitation - only the open mind and new ideas are important. That is the unique idea behind Kickstarter. And people who have enough money or will be a early adopters from new and extremly unique product can invest. Everybody knows the risk befor investing in Kickstarter projects. If you want a ready product without risk, wait until you can by it in a shop. Thats the deal. Yes, Cryptek are realy realy realy dilettantes in communication and maybe in production. But this are also 90% in the non Kickstarter world. If you will make a "full and thorough background check on the individuals involved" at all of them or sending homeland security to all of them you have a lot to do. If 80% of the ideas on Kickstarter are from dilettantes, 10% from "terrorists" or swindler and only 10% will come to an good end this 10% had never seen the daylight if Kickstarter is not like it is. It is actually quite interesting what comment rate of @Cryptrade was caused by @Anonybook. I hope that this rate keeps that high and like to know the following things from @Cryptrade: 1) Why havn't you posted an image of a prototype? 2) What is the current status? How many devices can be milled per week? How many devices can be assembled per week? 3) How did you find out that the tolerances were not met in previous millings? Have you had a prototype in your hands? Why didn't you post an image of that? How many times did this happen (i.e. what is the current production iteration number?) 4) In total, how many of the 989 backers have left the project until now? Just received an email from Kickstarter confirming our request for an investigation and refund. We suggest any other backer who feels ripped off by these people notify Kickstarter also and let them know. Been asking for a refund over and over and over again and can't get a response? Contact Kickstarter. Just for starters. AND ANOTHER APPARENT LIE: Cryptrade claims to have attempted a refund this afternoon to our original email address used to fund this mess, and claims they received this message from Amazon Payments: "The recipient alias is invalid. Please enter a valid email address or an existing alias. Thank you." Yet, when they incorrectly (of course!) sent a refund to a completely unregistered email address of <email> (which we have never used for Amazon, never opened an account with this email address), Amazon Payments successfully processed it, and held the funds as "unclaimed". This is why we have petitioned the Department of Homeland to investigate these people, follow the money trail, and find out what's going. Because it's apparent we cannot trust anything these people write here. EXAMPLE OF CONFLICTING PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS or apparent PROOF OF CRYPTRADE LIES: Cryptrade 3 hours ago: "We have not taken a decision to refund anyone, that will probably be done tomorrow or Friday the latest. As far as we're concerned this project is still a definite go and the refund is issue is being debated." CRYPTRADE'S MESSAGE TO US ABOUT 3 HOURS AGO: "Cryptrade Inc. Wednesday Aug 8, 3:19pm PDT Anonybook, We have cancelled the previous refund and requested a new one with the address you have just provided. Unfortunately Amazon Payments does not recognize that as a valid email address. Can you kindly provide us with a valid email address that can be used on Amazon Payments? This from Amazon Payments: "The recipient alias is invalid. Please enter a valid email address or an existing alias." Thank you." AND THEIR MESSAGE SENT EARLY THIS MORNING: Wednesday Aug 8, 7:14am PDT Anonybook, This is from Amazon Payments. We've issued several refunds to several backers with the same dilema; they lose track of their emails. To: <email> Pay this user From: Crypteks, Inc. Amount: -$200.00 Optional note: Refund for CRXi Vault. Kindly let us know if this finds you. Date Completed: 8/7/12 4:55 PM Payment Method: Amazon Payments Account For: Cash Advance Type: Payment Status: Unclaimed Transaction ID: 439038f1-f053-4228-bea3-2821f5dd7513 We have now officially asked Kickstarter to commence their own investigation into the Badawi clan, as well as to try to obtain our refund. We'll wait to see if we get a response from Kickstarter; if not, it may be time to file a report with the Bloomfield Hills, MI District Attorney. What a big mistake it's been getting involved with this project. I suppose it's too late to vote for Grivory......;! This has been quite a learning experience. We will never fund another project on Kickstarter before conducting a full and thorough background check on the individuals involved. Additionally, we will not fund projects from those who are not American and not residing inside the United States. If and when we have to go after these people in Lebanon (and we shall, if forced), it will be a great bother likely coupled with great expense...but there is a principle involved here. The principle of trust and expectation normally extended by backers to Kickstarter projects appears to have been returned with deception from Cryptrade. But know this, Cryptrade: one way, or another, we shall get our due refund from you. We can do this the easy way, or the hard way...your choice. But we guarantee we will get what's owed us...no matter what. Trust. Cyptrade's statement listed directly below on not to refund directly contradicts their messages to us when they claimed they tried to refund our account just 40 minutes ago, but supposedly weren't able to. Cryptrade's apparent refusal to issue refunds after all these empty promises and horrible communication will give great credence to the class-action lawsuit. Keep it up, guys, keep digging your own grave here. @Zach, why do you suppose Cryptrade is not able produce a single image of their supposed project? Not a single shred of evidence? Why do you think that is? FYI everyone, contrary to Cryptrade's statements, we DID NOT receive a refund. Cryptrade sent us a message claiming that Amazon couldn't process our refund with our email address or something like this, but when we telephoned Amazon to inquire, Amazon informed us that our specified email address was indeed valid. So, once again, just more empty words, and no product or refund. Same old story. Again, please refund my money. I agree with everybodys comments. You guys are not capable to complete this project. Refund now please. This is my third request. Here's my issue with this whole ordeal, I thought I've been pretty vocal int he past, but I guess these words keep falling on deaf ears. 1). You give a schedule of events, timeline, estimated delivery date, but when that dates comes to past you never update as to the reasons why, or a new estimated date, you just let the backers hang in some sort of limbo. We ask for an update, and it takes you 2 weeks to respond, and even then there is no relative information to the project, but it's all regarding refunds and some shameless person spouting tripe. Those of us who genuinely want this idea and project to succeed just want updated information. No more, no less. 2). A picture is worth a thousand words, or in this case a 1000 Crypteks. There has to be a golden sample completed, why can't we see it? You had to have had one assembled already for testing of tolerances, and make sure it functions properly and used for stress testing. Everyone prototypes before telling someone to mill a 1000 units that turns out to be a mm off. Where's pictures of the machined parts un-assembled. Involve us in your process, maybe some of us can help out. Like was mentioned before some people here might have a background in manufacturing, design, research etc. Look at it this way, for 5 weeks there wasn't any questions, or comments here about the status of the project. You gave us an update, and we took it to heart, 2 weeks after that estimated date, yes people are going to start coming out of the wood work, 2 weeks on an estimated delivery schedule is ages. I mean what if you had to wait on the money for this project to get started and we as backers kept telling you, "wait a few more weeks" and we did that several times. It wouldn't be too great would it? All we are asking for is solid information, a few pictures, and your best guess for a delivery, if that delivery date is still unknown, tell us. Don't lead us on with bad information, then keep us in the dark 2 weeks later. I still wish you guys the best of luck in this project and do hope it turns out great. @Gerry - I work in research and development for a living. On average, only about 60% of projects I work are successful. However, each and every one of them started with a solid concept and design such as this one. Failure and delay are a given in development. Crytrade has admitted to being over their heads when it comes to the tooling process and working with subcontractors and that's completely normal for small companies without experience in this stuff. However, their lack of communication is what has brought this to where it is today -- not the fact that they underestimated timelines or costs. Comments from other backers aside, they _still_ haven't given us a real update. They've spent their time here responding to allegations that they feel are without base and prejudiced. They've gone out of their way to ensure that they're not violating any Kickstarter policies. All the while complaining and apologizing for not having the time to update because they're so busy. Check my history, and I bet I've backed more Kickstarter projects than most other backers here. I've even been involved with one that was a scam! But, even _that_ project had better communication than these guys *and* I got my money back after one request! I've requested my money back from these guys no less than four times now -- twice through Amazon Payments and at least twice here int he comments; still nothing. Moreover, their excuse about being a small team is ridiculous. Every team here at Kickstarter is small, otherwise they wouldn't (or shouldn't) be on Kickstarter. @Cryptrade - Stop wasting your time responding to people complaining and get on with the updates for those that still have faith in the project. As for myself, if you are still issuing refunds, please refund my money as soon as possible. I think that some of the comments being posted here are extraordinary. Allegations are being made which border on the ludicrous (and libellous). We all accept that there have been failures of communication, and undoubtedly things have not gone according to plan. But for goodness sakes' everyone, keep it real! Sometimes one backs things that fail. There is no guarantee that a Kickstarter project will succeed. In this case, there HAVE been failures, but as I keep saying, if this was a scam, why on earth would Cryptrade still be communicating with us (even if it is way too rarely)? @Anonybook - you have gone to great lengths to reveal what you believe is a conspiracy of terrorist proportions. And yet, I go to your website and cannot find out who you are (or why, as an advocate of free speech, you forbid anyone "formally associated" with Facebook from registering on your site regardless of whether they even know of that association! Incidentally, you threaten prosecution under a section of the United States Code that doesn't apply in this case, unless you can show us a US Govt. Executive order, or unless you are a Government agency, which evidently you are not). Ironically, Cryptrade have been a lot more transparent than you are being. So, please let common sense prevail. Let Cryptrade do their work as best they can. It may be that their best is not your ideal of what counts as 'best', but let's give them the space, and support, they need. Things can only get better, right? Oh and since you like to quote the FAQ @cryptrade: "Project Creators agree to make a good faith attempt to fulfill each reward by its Estimated Delivery Date." I'm calling you out right now. Prove me and a lot of people wrong. Show us some photographs a prototype, final piece etc. Folks, read the last line from @cryptrade's own post regarding the Kickstarter FAQ...Now they want people banned for publicly commenting on them.... ha you guys are unbelievable! The following is taken directly from the Kickstarter.com FAQ: If the creator hasnt posted an update, send a direct message to request more information about their progress, or post a public comment on their project asking for a status update." Cryptrade, the only 'issue that needs to be taken care of' is your failure to deliver either promised product or refund. Once we get our refund, we'l make our own encrypted memory device, using TrueCrypt,in the fashion Gizmodo suggests: <url>"The people behind the Cryptex drive on kickstarter are solely based out of Lebanon. They may very well have never even set foot in the United States. The law firm Safford & Baker handles incorporation for people, meaning you can contact them from your hut in the Lebanese desert and get a company formed in the United States. This shows that "RALPH R SAFFORD" is the registered agent for Cryptrade Inc.: <url>" Cryptrade, basically it boils down to this: WE DO NOT BELIEVE ANYTHING YOU WRITE anymore. Regardless of whichever new excuse you create, we have decided to initiate conversation with the Department of Homeland Security, as we warned, to ensure that our money has not merely disappeared into Lebanon for nefarious usages such as terrorism. You have completely lost your credibility in our eyes. And it is not up to you to decide whether you have broken the spirit or letter of Kickstarter policy, but Kickstarter itself and perhaps an appellate court as well. You will pay for this gross disrespect, and possible outright theft of our pledge money. Trust. Well that sums it up you guys are incompetent, by your own admission. Refund time. @Cryptrade YIKES!!! That's just well WOW is all I can say. Sorry to hear that. But I hope you guys manage to fix everything. =) @Cryptrade Ah! Well then that makes sense. Did everything get sorted out with the manufacturer? @Cryptrade Just made aware? Huh? I emailed you guys about that a few weeks ago. xD And you're welcome. It's Very annoying opening it in chrome and seeing that. xP @Cryptrade Glad to hear you guys are working hard. Do you know if you'll be able to fix the display error with the password vault anytime soon? @Cryptrade - "... this has somehow turned so ugly" due to your complete lack of regard for your backers. As stated by several other backers, it takes literally 10 minutes of your time to give us a comprehensive update of where you guys are in production (which you STILL haven't done). It seems silly that you can take time to contact Kickstarter to ensure that you're not violating their terms of service, but you can't take 10 minutes to give us an update? I definitely still want a refund should your "board" decide that you're going to offer one. Very poor way to do business indeed - even for a startup. Anyone follow the whole Stuxnet ordeal?.....Just a thought....I'm way beyond wanting my investment back! The clock is ticking, Crypteks...Cryptrade. Or shall we drop all charades now and address you as the Badawi bunch? We await your response and our long-overdue refund. If neither materialize, Department of Homeland Security is notified. Simple. Not posted for a while. Beginning to have doubts but am outside the US so could not join a class action, but will do what I can to help track these guys and the money. What manufacturers are they using? Will try some digging in this area, if I find anything I will post the information. Have gone from supporter to sceptic and expect to have to write off my funding. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Scott I'm actually getting pretty tired of trying to defend them. I still believe in the project but from here on out I'm likely gonna keep my mouth shut. =P Actually @sam they said they could deliver in December 2011. I'm really beginning to wonder if you don't work for them. Sam Green 2 days ago @Zach They maybe a business but again they are a startup and this wasn't a "Buy our product it's all ready and we can sell it now!" it was a "Hey! Help us make this a reality!" There are some serious sheep in this project. Just keep baaaaaaahhhing along folks. I stand with @anonybook. Enough is enough...let's go back to Day 1 folks...they were supposed to be able to deliver in December 2011. What ever happened to that deadline? Or the others since... I'm not sure they are even remotely defendable but I expect @sam will find a way some time today... @larry they told us ages ago that we can change the address via the online vault found at <url>"Cryptrade" from his personal business identification. We are now over 9 months out from the originally promised delivery date, which in and of itself was totally unrealistic judging from how long this "re-production" stage has stretched on. What does this suggest to you? @Merlin - not sure how it could be a "mistake". Not responding to requests for refunds, requests for updates, or just generally acknowledging any progress whatsoever cannot be a mistake. @Anonybook - let's get all the facts before we start talking about a lawsuit. pfffff, you are just crazy @Anonybook (fuel terrorist activity ? have you smoking ? PCBA show in the video are fake ?) @Cryptrade => bad communication again, but I hope it's a mistake (again). I'll wait for your news. @all crying people => CRXI Vault is only a project, not a finish product. Kickstarter is not a supermarket. For your "class action", I'm not in, I've backed a lot of money on this project, and I will not feel this way. News coverage is a great idea, Wendy. Perhaps Gizmodo would be interested in this story. Any writers here? Anyone who could briefly summarize what's happened up to this point? We need to be able to effectively communicate with media to get them to pick this story up. I'm all in for the class action lawsuit! I have said nothing up until now, but am fed up with them now. I have also contacted the local Detroit ABC news hoping they could do an investigation since I was unable to come up with a physical address. Maybe more of you could contact them to get them moving on this. It was at WXYZ.com. Will, thank you for posting this valuable information on Fadi Badawi. Based on our own continuing research, we now suspect the Badawi clan may be fraudulently obtaining 'backing funds' from Kickstarter to fuel terrorist activity in Lebanon. As we indicated yesterday, we were already considering contacting Department of Homeland Security, but this only seems to reinforce that inclination. You're right, the fact he's removed reference to Cryptrade is very telling, indeed. Last night, we asked Anonymous to aid in tracking down these people, so we'll see if anything comes up within a 72-hour period. After that, we'll be going to the appropriate authorities. Also, we're still awaiting response from other backers about how they would feel about a class-action lawsuit against both the BADAWI clan and Kickstarter. From the investigations I did previously. Fadi Badawi has a LinkedIn profile at: <url>"Cryptrade, Inc" is far from complete. Once home addresses, home landline phone numbers, cell phone numbers, email addresses, places of employment (if any) and other information is obtained for the BADAWI clan, we shall share it here with the rest of our fellow backers in the express interest of establishing effective and reliable means of communication, creating a means of exacting rightful refunds (where desired) and obtaining the relief and satisfaction of justice. Cryptrade: you have incurred our wrath. Prepare for the (legal) consequences. Ask of Anonymous, and ye shall receive. The following has already been determined: "Cryptrade, Inc" is registered with Michigan as a domestic profit corporation represented by Resident Agent RALPH R. SAFFORD, phone number (248) 646-9100, with a registered office address of 40900 Woodward Ave, Suite 275, Bloomfield Hills, MI 48304. Their incorporation date is September 27, 2011, and their most most recent Officer/Director information filed with the State lists FADI YOUSEF BADAWI as President, RAMY YOUSEF BADAWI as Secretary, HANAN YOUSEF BADAWI as Treasurer, and again, FADI YOUSEF BADAWI as Director. Based upon this discovery, we are now considering contacting the Department of Homeland Security, as we believe they may be interested in this case. After all, who knows where our money has gone now and what it's being used for. We'd like to hear some feedback from other backers before proceeding at this point. Comments? Fellow ripped-off backers: we are now reaching out to Anonymous to determine exactly who the scam artists here constituting "Cryptrade, Inc." They will be identified, exposed and punished. We demand to know your full business information including full address, business registration details and incorporation details, as we will be going to the Better Business Bureau and the District Attorney in your area of registration to file formal complaints. At this point, we desire more than just a refund; we demand damages. Backers: how many of you would support a class-action lawsuit against "Crytrade" and Kickstarter over what appears to be a big scam? It's about time for an update. You guys still act the same, with no respect for the lot of us who have had our money tied up in this project. Who do you think you are that you don't have to REGULARLY, CONSISTENTLY and FAITHFULLY update us when you are approaching being a YEAR LATE with our promised project? We've done some digging around, and we've not found any indication you even began this project before getting our pledge money. Just considering how long it's taking to "redo" the project indicates there's no way you could have delivered on your agreement to deliver product by December of 2011. In fact, we doubt we shall receive product before December of 2012. You appear to be in total violation of the letter and spirit of Kickstarter policy. We shall soon be speaking with our attorneys about a class-action lawsuit; we've just about had enough of this nonsense. This user's account has been deleted. How do we report them to the BBB? I just went to the BBB site and Cryptrade Inc isn't listed and the only way to file a complaint is add their company name which requires a company address and other info which I have not been able to find. Any recommendations? I'm tired of dealing with all this. Like others this was supposed to be a Christmas 2011 present and here we are in August with no idea of what is going on. I've been patient, I haven't asked for anything unreasonable. I am asking for a status update, when you have to ask for one every few weeks for over 7 months, someone is doing something wrong. Sorry if you feel like I'm wrong, but they are a company, they should be practicing common business practices such as updating people on the status of the project. They've failed to do so without be begged and pleaded by the backers. So there is every reason in the world to report them to the BBB. Maybe you like radio silence, but in my line of work, it means the death of a company. @Zach They maybe a business but again they are a startup and this wasn't a "Buy our product it's all ready and we can sell it now!" it was a "Hey! Help us make this a reality!" This whole ordeal is exhausting. I'm writing up and taking screenshots of everything here and sending it to the major tech sites. Then I'm going to contact their local BBB. Maybe after they get some bad press and contacted from their BBB they may have a change of heart. Will we really just keep going on like this? I backed this in anticipation of giving this to my daughter as a Christmas present. That would have been Christmas of 2011, not 2012!! Managing customer expectations is the most critical function of selling a product. Any updates?? Any?? Philip, I do not recommend you read the entirety of these posts - I will save you some pain. Everything you are saying has been said many many times. For the love of god, just update us. If i have to I will bring back my rhyme game and I don't think you want that. This user's account has been deleted. I think there is an update coming in the next weeks. Half of the information will be "we suck at PR, we know and we're taking care about it". It is so frustrating. @Brandon Shipping address is in the password vault. @Cryptrade - What is going on with the project? I seriously doubt the milling of aluminium and assembly takes such a long time. Is it so difficult to logon and provide us some form of weekly updates? Are we really going to have to wait 1 entire year to see if this project really comes to fruition? Also, how do we check and confirm our shipping address? Please do not stay silent as silence, especially in this case, is definitely NOT golden. We have been here before, just take one picture with your cell phone of one fully assembled unit. It's the quickest way to shut us up. Are you trying to make this project a full year? You claim many things but never deliver. I recall you replying to one of my previous posts in which you claimed to care about your backers, please live up to your own words and give us a meaningful update. It is clearly past due. This user's account has been deleted. @Larry I do agree that getting a response from the Cryptrade team is very frustrating. -.-" it does get tiring trying to get them to do the right thing. Tomorrow is going to conclude 6 Weeks, which is a week past the 5 Week estimated shipping date. Could we get some information on where the units stand? We've all be more than patient these past few weeks and we all deserve an update, even if it is an update that puts us all off for another month. We deserve it though none the less. You are supposed to be a Company so at least have some professionalism about you and the common courtesy to keep your very first customers in the know about what is happening. @David Ok Nevermind then. Best of luck with your refund. @Cryptrade - Another message sent about my refund last week, no response. @Sam Green - No, I'm not. Cryptrade, It is time for more information, lets not fall into old habits. It is time for an update. Do tell. Here we all still are, wondering,waiting, being let down, I wonder how long it will take for all of us to realize we have been taken. Then the blame game starts, it will be kicks tarter first, then these morons at cryptrade, etc etc. How about a short teaser video showing the device in action? This user's account has been deleted. @David Are you outside the US? @Cryptrade - I asked for a refund over two weeks ago. What's the deal? Ever thought about the fact that not buing "hardware encrypted PCBA boards" from third-party is the challenge? So: Waiting seven months until the boards arrived - how long to wait for the main work (milling) ? Aside from that: We're not almost at the end of the project and I am no longer excited :-( Thanks again Crypteks aka Cryptrade! Enjoy the rest of the year! Oh yeah. I can totally see the milling and drilling process of the final steps. From now it takes only....3 more years....for the next update? My new car was produced and delivered faster than you update your backers! Think about that... @Steven They did post in the comments the other day stating they'd send an update a few days before they're ready to ship. It's getting close to the 5 week mark from the last update stating that Cryptrade was going to be shipping in about 5 weeks. It might be time for another update... @Sam Kimpton: Thanks! Your comment has given to me so much hope :) @crypteks: Thanks, I'll be waiting for your email. @crypteks : "With respect to the few backers that were issued refunds outside of the U.S and were not able to access funds via Amazon.com: We will be sending out Western Union money transfers and you will be contacted shortly for your details. We thank you for your patience while resolving this issue." I'm currently abroad and I don't have internet connection every day, do you need informations for the transfert ? Hi, I left my home the first september, must i change my delivery adress ? Sorry for my english ;) Just wanted to let you know @Cryptrade, on the vault when you get the screen which shows the details about a password, for example under programs I have a Localhost section which when I click that, the details show up in the right hand panel, you can click show to display the password, but when you click hide it says copied to clipboard instead of hiding the password and when you click copy nothing happens so that could be a bug which can be fixed. Hi, where i can check or update my shipping adress? Best M @Cryptradw Cool. Thanks for the update guys. Did you get my email about the issues with the vault? So it has been a while, you have to have at least one unit, post a picture. I do not want to have to start posting daily. give us something. We have 1 - 2 weeks before the first units go out. How about a few pictures of one that is final product Cryptrade? Alicia, I have received a refund, and so have a few others. I had to send messages to Cryptrade (direct e-mails and messages through Kickstarter) several times. Most of the time, I received a response, but the last few e-mails went unanswered, however I did eventually get a refund. Just keep at it. i'm concerned that this project is trouble. I understand that putting together something from nothing takes time and problems come up unexpected. That is still a far cry from just keeping the backers informed. Am I asking too much? yeah, people start compaining, knowing they wont get an immedeate answer... Getting the refund just seems to be impossible. So my question is: has ANYBODY been able to get the money back? Seems we're back at old habits. @Cryptrade So, what's the status, guys? You have showed us some silicone chips last time, the 5 weeks deadline is quite close, so i suppose you are assembling the units. What about a little sneak preview of the mechanical parts? @Heiko Same thing here, but I am willing to give them some more time. Fr die deutschsprachigen Backer: 1. Ich habe bislang kein Stick erhalten. / 2. Trotz mehrfacher Aufforderung habe ich bislang auch meinen 'Beitrag' nicht zurckbekommen. / 3. Sollte ich bis zum August keine Stick in den Hnden halten gehe ich davon aus, dass es hier nicht mit rechten Dingen zugeht. Ich wrde mich dann an die Strafverfolgungsbehrden wenden. / 4. Gibt es Gleichgesinnte und welche Meinung habt Ihr zum ganzen Hergang? I have no faith in these guys, a picture of some USB sticks being unpacked is hardly a convincing product update. They could have taken these pictures anywhere or just borrowed the sticks to take picture and then handed them back. These guys are either incompetent or clever con-men. I hope for all our sakes it's the former. Good luck to us all. Hey where did my comment go? @Zach You're probably right. I wouldn't expect an update till the last week of July or the first week of august which is the ship time frame of the first 300 units as said in the news post. We shall see then. Hopefully they can adhere to their new schedule, should be nice since they are going out in order and I am right at the 70th backer or so, so my name should be in that initial 300 pot of magic. Looking forward to the end of this project. Its been a long time coming. Either way with all my pessimism I do hope Cryptrade is getting everything lined up and are making some headway. @Toby Once in a while an update would be nice from @Cryptrade despite them being in the final stages. @Nicholas You make a good point. @Toby Honestly, the video with all of the PCBs should be evidence enough that they're not going to run on your money since a lot of it was already spent on those boards. There's not a real big market for reselling USB memory like that. We're all anxious to get our hands on the product but considering the size that this project grew to, delays are expected and their original goal of December was obviously premature. Remember that it's not a set in their ways company you supported but the product idea for a fledgling upstart. They even were threatened with legal action and had to re-brand themselves so it's completely understandable. I'm sated with their latest update. I'm staying on to support them. @Toby No, I have faith in this company too :) We just need to see a complete assembled CRXIVAULT (or a working video demo) and all people will trust in Cryptrade again. You are still expecting updates? The last update is more than two weeks old and the last post nearly two weeks old. And keep in mind...they are in the "final" process of assembling all parts and finishing our USB keys. I personally believe that I won`t see neither the product nor my money in the future. Therefore, you may be the last person who trusts this "company". @Cryptrade Got any more updates for us? @JuTs - Howdy, that's what I got from Amazon as well when I enquired. I'd like Cryptrade to come clean on this one and advise whether Amazon's info is accurate and doable (or not). Last message I got from Cryptrade before I gave up was - "Amazon really needs to change how it handles these matters and we can only do so much from our end. If there's anything we can assist you with in the interim, feel free to drop us a line anytime. " In order to receive the funds, basically click on the Amazon link in the email you received notifying you of the transfer, and then setup an account (use whatever detail that'll get you thru this step as a non-US resident). Assuming you have an Amazon account that you buy things with, you can then purchase a Amazon gift card on the Withdraw screen. This is best of the worst case scenario as Cryptrade have not come to the party with the refunds, otherwise I'd much rather get cash back! @Yuhann Liu They didn't say me the same thing. They said that they will contact Amazon to solve that. Since I didn't get any information so I contacted Amazon myself. Their answer : "Hello, I am sorry for any concern regarding your transaction #******************. International customers will not be able to claim a payment. Crypteks Inc should be able to issue a refund on the Kickstarter transaction #****************. Crypteks Inc will have an refund option button to issue refund for the transaction. The refund will be applied to the credit card that was used to pay for the transaction. If Crypteks Inc has questions about how to issue refund, please ask them to contact us at: <url>" Since I sent them several e-mails but never got any answer How did you manage to accept the payment ? In my case I wasn't able to do anything. JuTs - I had the same issue and Cryptrade mentioned they can't do anything about it which I think is a bit silly as they could have refunded thru other means such as Paypal, etc., and worse case maybe bank wiring? Anyhow, I gave up and basically accepted the refund via Amazon Payments and popped the fund to Amazon gift card balance. I do buy kindle books every now and then so guess I'll just settle with that. Sorry, I mean : As you seem to have lost my refund requestS. note : This mail was sent to three of your address @Cryptrade : As you don't seem to have lost my refund requestS (I sent you a mail every time you asked to do so, 3 or 4 times), The last refund request I sent you was on date : Fri, 15 Jun 2012 11:27:39 +0200. It contains all informations concerning my transaction (Amazon Transaction ID, Amazon Account Email, ...). In addition I added the message I received from Amazon. It explains how to refund non-US residents. Note : I do not find this funny at all. @Cryptrade Yes, Still having trouble to get my funds because YOU do nothing to solve this !!!! I wonder if I should return in the backers group. Maybe I Would Have more chance to get a key Ckypteks Than a refund. Julien, Waiting for a refund for more than 80 days ! I wonder if I should return backers in the group. Maybe I would have more chance to get a Crypteks key than my refund. Julien, Waiting for a refund for more than 80 days ! Thanks for the update. It's reassuring to have had some solid communication from you. Please (please) keep it up! I look forward to getting my USB drive :) @Cryptrade Well all those who backed out will sadly not be getting an epic USB drive. I'm not surprised this has been such a long and arduous process for Cryptrade. Going from what was most likely nothing to getting this kind of product ready for distribution is no doubt an impressive feat. In fact, I'm still curious about the option to increase our orders. Especially now that we're seeing real progress, this is something I'm hoping to get an answer about. It was mentioned several months ago that this would be an option but it seems to have gotten lost due to the need to constantly come up with things to quell the angry mobs that have formed out of the (probably relatively few) backers who were upset with Cryptrade's admittedly poor communication skills. So, @Cryptrade: Is this still an option now or in the (near) future? With all those who lost faith, I'm sure you have plenty of extras! I take back the negative things I said as well.. I look forward to the next update with the preview of the cnc milled components! I am happy that this thing is for real. I hope you guys make a profit. I do appologize for my negativity. @Cryptrade Well done! :) Sounds like good news! I was gettin tired of reading all the griping. Keep plugging, the idea has great potential! I, for one, can't wait to show off, by not showing off, the awesomeness of the "I-only-have" super vault of information security coolness! Awesome work! @Cryptrade I echo what Kevin said. =) Ohhhh those are a sight for sore eyes, @Cryptrade you have my love... and my flashdrive so get crackin' ;P Step in the right direction. Finally an update! i was REALLY beginning to think that you guys just took our money and ran. Please let the update happen sooner than a month or more from now. I haven't said anything but now that you actually have the boards I'm going to pip up. I think you can do more in the update part of your project. Since it's almost near the end, maybe more things are happening and you can put an update a week out? I'm currently backing 3 other projects right now and they each put out at least one update a week which lets me feel a lot better about me giving them my money; even if it's a small update to say what's happened that week. In fact, I'd rather have too many updates rather than to little. But that just might be me. Just my opinion. @Cryptrade I knew my patience would pay off! Glad I gave you the benefit of the doubt! @Cryptrade Nice update! So glad you guys showed us the boards! @All Who doubted Cryptrade I hope you have changed your minds. This update has just restored my faith in this project, I have to admit even though I was always positive about this project I had my doubts but to me I am one happy backer again! I hope you make me look like a fool for spouting comments Cryptrade, none the less, despite my criticisms and negative comments I do want you to succeed and bring a great product to market, if I didn't I would have pulled my money a long time ago. Godspeed Cryptrade. @Cryptrade Alright cool. And that seems fair. =) @Cryptrade Looking forward to it! Can't wait to see the boards. Will the update mention the type of shipping you'll be using? ex. UPS ground, FedEx Priority. Give a deadline please. You say that people could request a refund on April 5 and now it was useless, but you have kept any date. You must clarify the situation. Sorry for google translate @Cryptrade Video? Oooh you've got my attention! Can't wait to see it. @Larry that's not a bad idea on the Kickstarter project to raise money for a lawyer. @Nicholas I wish you could do that, but from the lack of updates, lack of proof, etc I don't even think these devices exist at this point. But I am all for you doing Cryptrade's job for them if it means getting us some substantial information. Here's the problem though, 1st, Refunds aren't going to be issued until this project is complete, they've already said that (project may never complete, so you may never get a refund). So we as backers requesting refunds in bulk won't actually harm them, cause they have no intentions of refunding our money this late in the game. 2nd, Lawyers are expensive and most people aren't going to be worried about 130 - 200$ vs a 100$ an hour lawyer, unless it's a class action suit. Which divided among the remaining backers, wouldn't be so bad. Our 3rd option is media/kickstarter/BBB. I think this would be the first step, taking this information to the media, Gizmodo, Engadget, TechCrunch, ArsTechnica, etc and sharing our story, it needs to be several of us who share it though, not just one person can make a large enough wave. We also need to file complaints with their local BBB, the one in Michigan, and also file one against Bitwize as well since they are associated with the project. Then we need to get Kickstarter involved as well. Let them know that they let something like this transpire on their site and it's soured a lot of potential backers from investing money into other projects. Maybe even report to Amazon about fraudulent activities regarding Cryptrade's account so that they can't use Amazon any longer. If the 3rd option doesn't hit them, then the 2nd option would be last resort, in which we take legal action against both parties, Cryptrade and Bitwize. Maybe they will respond, but at this point I don't think they even care. @Nicholas I think that'd be a great idea. Let's hope @Cryptrade approves it. @Larry Well good luck I suppose in whatever you choose to do. We could start are own kickstarter project in protest to raise money to hire a lawyer to hold cryptrade accountable. That would bring awareness and force kickstarter to realize they are profiting from thieves. Even if kickstarter rejected the project it might be news worthy. The point being, let's work as one to maximize impact. Well, Since I am not a lawyer I am not sure what our legal options are. We can write a letter to the BBB with everyone's signatures then start seeing what can be done legally. I have already lost 200 bucks so what a few more to hire a lawyer. I am willing to do whatever it takes to make sure they don't get away with fraud. Also, sorry for the block of text. The editor ate my paragraphs apparently. @Cryptrade Inc So...another no show for an update. Time and time again it's been either ambiguous information or general falsehoods. Many backers are getting frustrated and understandably so. While most of us understand setbacks and issues with manufacturing, it's beginning to wear thin. Communication has been lacking and hopes of this actually coming to fruition seem to be waning as well. This is a long shot but, I'm proposing an on-site visit. I'm approx. 2 hours away from Bloomfield Hills and I'm willing to drive there. Of course, I would sign an NDA and other documents requested but I would be able to verify to other backers what's actually going on. Some of the big issues right now are communication and verification of the actual product. If I could verify it myself (and provide a few images to go along it), I think it would alleviate some of the dissonance in the backers. Of course, if there's any other backers that are closer than I, or willing to drive, I think it would be an interesting meetup... This whole project has just gotten sad and pathetic. We're way beyond a reasonable time frame for updates and the comments from Cryptrade aren't even making any sense to me. "we've pushed the update till Monday 8PM EST as we were not able to generate the final ETA this evening." Generate a final ETA? What the heck does that mean? I guess it doesn't matter because it didn't happen. If I ran my company like this I'd have zero customers, of course they are not dumb enough to pay in advance... @Larry Ok let's say we all band together to discuss options. What do you think we would be able to accomplish(Not me questioning your idea, sincerely curious)? What do you hope to accomplish? @Zach I'm one fake update away from filing a claim with the BBB. I think we need to get organized as a group and discuss options, whatever we do we need to ban together and do it in numbers. I bet they are banking on people being lazy and not willing to organize. Are any of the backers here a lawyer? Ahhh, today is my birthday. Let's see if I get a nicely boxed present from Cryptrade in my mail (which I paid for myself, but that's beside the point :) ) Yet another no show. Looks like Cryptrades words are truly meaningless. I wasn't being negative before...just factual. @Chris not really, but we do have something known as a 'Better Business Bureau' which documents companies down for mistreating customers, or just being unprofessional and that information is made available to the public as well as other businesses and potential investors. Generally speaking, this is one of the first places you contact in the States when you are dissatisfied with a service. Second step, according to Americans, is to contact a good lawyer and get your class action lawsuit rolling. No one asks for refunds these days in the States. Does the US have an equivalent of the UK's Trading Standards Institute? @All Yes @Cryptrade has been lacking in the PR department. I can think of another project that is just as bad maybe worse. I'm backing a playing card deck from Lance T. Miller and when he updates us(which is very infrequently) they usually don't contain much if any useful info. It's months behind and things were almost done but had to be sent back so now we have to wait AGAIN for the decks to be printed. @Sam I bet the hospital food is a step up from the bulls$!& Cryptrade has been spoon feeding us! ;-) @Zach: your paragraphs sum it up perfectly. Cryptrade, you guys would do well to read his entry over and over again, until it sinks in. Simple. Rational. Logical. Read it again!! @Larry How's the food? I hear hospital food sucks... @Larry :D The view from my hospital bed is great.. The doc says I will live. ;) Oh, did the NSA once again ship their FPGAs with a bug? Damn. You know, I work a full time job that is very involving (running a business) that is a full 16 hours a day at least everyday, even some weekends. I also run a fairly large community website, as well as spend time with my family, and I am still able to comment here and / or check this place out daily. Yet, Cryptrade (an entire company of employees) can't even manage a single update for the people who got this thing started for them. I don't know how many times the backers here have to post it letting you know to keep us informed as to the status of the project and yet we get pushed off and pushed off. We've also let you know that we are fine without knowing an ETA, but just want to see pictures of the milled pieces, a picture of the drives themselves etc so we know there is progress being made. You haven't even shown us a prototype of the unit in the finished materials, which is a must for testing tolerances, you don't just say "mill 5000 rings, if they work great, if not oh well" You have to have a functioning prototype, where is it? I honestly don't know what you guys do for 18 hours a day, 7 days a week. The design is complete, if the CAD drawings were accurate, so no design work needs to be done, the USB drives themselves were outsourced to Kingston, so you aren't having to manufacturer the drives. The interface for the drive should be complete or the units wouldn't be shipped, which you've said they have. Milling is also being outsourced to another company, so you aren't doing that. Which leaves one thing left to actually do, assembly. So what would be so hard with taking pictures of the bits and pieces and saying 'we are nearing completetion, but it's going to take us a while to assemble all these drives by hand, in the mean time here are some pics to tide you over till we have a firm ETA on when we can finish'. Do you see that, less than a proper paragraph, snap a few pics, done. Everyone is happy, progress is being made, Larry isn't having a heart attack, Sam isn't preaching patience to us, and I can stop laughing cause I blew money on something I don't even know exists at this point. Or, if this is a scam, just let us know so we can move on. At this point you are just squandering what good name you made with a unique design on improper communication skills. Yet you are unwilling to learn from your customers on how to handle things. Get it together and make the update. This feels like a scam to me as well. I was hoping I was wrong because the idea is good. Well I'm headed to Vegas to collect my winnings! Is anyone really shocked here? I believe in crowd sourcing and I also believe that we've been taken. Too many lies, empty promises. Does anyone at this point actually believe the product will live up to what they pitched? i don't. @cryptrade your making Kickstarter look bad. If you can't deliver be truthful and just blow up t e project already. Give everyone their money back. While we wait for this "amazing update" how many movie quotes can we think of to match this projects feel lol like I quoted Dr Evil from Austin Powers, what others are there =P might as well have some fun along the way haha. More important still is the content of any update; I don't think fluffy software screenshots cut it any more. Wouldn't it be nice to see two milled & coated aluminium samples (one of each color) and thousands of components? And a shipping date? Sigh....... @Chris Yes there is. Some of the things people have said have been more of the former, which doesn't help. @Cryptrade What happened to the update guys? There is a difference between critisizing and holding people accountable. Most of the comments are the latter. @Larry Good question. I honestly don't know what to do. So Sam, what do you suggest? You say I am negative but damn, how much lying Is a person supposed to take? Read the pst we will update on Monday 8 est. They repeatedly say one thing and do another. it has been 7 months. what do you suggest we do? how long are we supposed to wait for a meaningful update. Give us your suggestions. @Larry and Zach You misunderstand. I agree with you about @Cryptrade needing to stick to their promises and deadlines and if they can't they need to tell us ahead of time. Criticism/being negative doesn't help is all I'm saying. At least not from my PoV. Enjoy what, your meaningless words? Mater of fact, it is rude of them to not at least let us know they are going to miss yet another self imposed deadline. Not much else to say. I wish I could go about telling my business partners i my development work will be done on X and then blow it off. Work would be so much fun if I wasn't held accountable. So being negative, which is a criticism is bad? Ok, let's try being positive then? Good update Cryptrade, keep up the lack of updates, we don't care if you do update, cause we are positive upbeat individuals who would rather use this project to talk about a 10 year old movie vs hear news about an amazing project we are all eager to hear about. lolno. @Larry I'm not being a "ray of sunshine". I'm being optimistic. Yes they set a time and date and yes they need to stick to do it. But your being negative doesn't help either. Your ray of sunshine does not help. It is simple, they need to be professional. The put a time and a date. I expect them to stick with what they say. @Zach Not sad! Awesomely Hillarious! @Larry Dude just chill out. Yeah they screwed up and didn't post an update but do you think that posting negative things in the comments section is going to help? It will either A. Hinder them because they will be replying or B. Do nothing to help get what you want and just alienate your fellow backers. Going to have to send Buffy after you. 1Hr late. This is crap. You always do it to your self. Another broken promise. Like I said before if your not going to update then say something. you set expectations. @Zach Sad or Awesome?!? lol. I do hope we get a project update tonight though.. It's sad that this comment thread has been turned into a chat about the semantics of an Austin Powers movie, vs the actual project itself. @Michael Oh yeah! Very true. @Chris/Sam Technically both Billion and Million are correct. One time he says Million and they laugh at how small an amount he is asking for. Another time he says Billion (time travelling to the past) and they laugh saying there isn't that much money in the world. LOL (Because what more is there to say). Well 4 min late and counting. So, if your not going to make the 8 EST time tell us sooner rather than later. @Chris Haha. Well the joke made sense either way. =P @Sam lol damn I put B instead of M :L I was thinking Million but push the B key aha my bad @Larry Hopefully they found a PR person who will keep us updated and interact with us here in the comments. The camels back is in bad shape, if the don't update on Monday.... @Darrien No one is saying that you have to stand for it. If you want to back out that is your prerogative. #Corrections @Chris Lol. I believe it was only $1M though. @arachnist and @Sam I have a startup and i enter into contracts with people. if Id do not comply with something in the contract the other parties have legal rights. Kickstarter is basically saying to us "if this company decided to screw you, then you're just screwed" and that's is not something I or anyone else has to stand for. if Cryptrade wants to ask for peoples understand and those people are willing to give it that's one thing but if they break a contract and I decide I want out they don't have the right to tell me no. But what ever the case may be I certainly have the right to go to my advertising contacts and tell my experience because companies who ignore their customers or investors only really understand financial pressure. I'm lucky enough to work high enough in advertising that I can apply a significant amount of pressure. AND I WILL to cry trade and kickstarter. @Scott Lol. And I believe it was only $1Mil @Scott: I shell bet $1Billion *Throw in the pinkie finger to the mouth and the Dr Evil laugh from Austin Powers* Anyone here live in Vegas? What's the line at that sports book on Cryptrade actually updating on Monday? @Darrien There is always a risk in funding a start up. That's only avoidable by not funding start ups. If you want a sure thing then @Kickstarter isn't the place to be. Yes @Cryptrade is 5+ months late but if they were really trying to f*** is around do you think they would still be talking to us? The reward you pledged for will arrive in time. Project creators on Kickstarter are busy before, during and depending on the type of campaign, after. So if you are looking for a place where you won't have to take risks, don't fund start ups, and don't use Kickstarter. @Darrien: kickstarter is not a store/shop. It's a place where you vote with your money to help people get their ideas into reality. Crypteks is a corrupt company. Kickstarter should be stepping in by now. This problem is now kickstarters and is a reflection on the viability of this website. If kickstarter cannot remedy something as small as people getting refunds then this website should not exist and i would encourage people not to use it. I will be writing about this in many forms of media and using my advertising contacts to the best of my ability to relay me experience as to how kickstarter is too much of a risk to consumers to be useful. @Alicia : me too. Since I asked for a refund (on 1st april) I sent them more than ten e-mail but I got only four answers. The last time was one month ago when I told them that I couldn't claim the refund and they told me that they will contact Amazon @Cryptrade Thanks for the update about the update. @Cryptrade It is nice to finally see you take a step forward on the PR side of things and let us know what is going on with the update instead of leaving us sitting and waiting, it is always nice to see a team learn through a project. An update has been scheduled for this Friday, so this update will be made by Cryptrade as has been announced. You have to believe a little anyway, this project is long but it is by making mistakes we learn. Hoping Cryptrade draws a profitable lesson for its future development. For my part, I still believe in this project, although there are large gaps in communication, but the updated data were big enough to satisfy me. Well, we are into Friday.. Anyone think they will update us? I can't claim the refund because I don't reside in the USA. I've sent you 2 emails in the past weeks asking how is this going to be solved, and I got no answer. Please Cryptrade team, tell me something, I want my refund, and my money back. I completely lost track of this project until now....I sort of tuned it out mentally when the whole "we're making them out of plastic now" fiasco arose.....followed by "if we mill them, it will take 9 months to make.". It basically came out to a production capacity of 4 whole units per day when you did the math. So, now that they are doing 500,000 and are back in the aluminum business (after huge backlash over the plastic bait-and-switch), I've used their original figures of production capacity and calculate that half a million drives will take just over 347 years for them to complete. Again, these are not MY figures....calculations are based on THEIR original statements of what milling aluminum drives would be. Given that we are mere hours away from Friday, I look forward to what sort of non-update may or may not be released. Yes, I'm annoyed. Feel free to look at all the projects I've backed. Many have started AFTER this one, are more technically complicated, and have already delivered successfully....just in the 6 months time frame AFTER we were originally promised completion of THIS project. Admitting your faults and shortcomings is one thing, but failing to try and do anything about it is disrespectful and arrogant to the people who have put faith in you. Chris, it has gotten this way because they repeatedly say they will do something and then don't. They have destroyed all trust so they get what they deserve. I have no doubt bringing this to market is complex. A single picture of any of the parts would shut people up. It would take 5 min at best to give people something to feel good aa out yet they say one thing then they don't do it. Numerous people along they way have tried to advise them on how to handle the PR. I simple don't trust them, due to they they have presented themselves. @Chris Here here! It does seem like that doesn't it? Just to try and reduce the pessimism, I looked at the sign-up terms for Kickstarter, these guys had to provide a lot of material and for technical projects a working prototype is required, though some degree of mock-up is allowed. Also, there is a level of oversight by Kickstarter. And, anyone that suspects a scam can report a project for investigation, so far nothing seems to be alarming Kickstarter. Then ask yourself, at what point would you take the money and run? 1 month, 2 months, post lots of comments and run at 7 7/15th months? If as the guys say this has gone to 500K+ units, then these are not individual orders that will be assembled by hand and shipped to the original planned 200 backers. (The goal was $12,000) This is a major logistical exercise before even one production unit is ready to ship. I hope the guys are able to post on Friday, a few pictures of any new stuff they have would be a bonus. From the sound of things, we have just kickstarted a serious business from an idea launched less than 9 months ago. I hope that is true and wish the guys all the best with the venture. I for one have confidence that my reward will arrive in due course, whenever that is. Friday updates NEVER come as promised. This project is adorable I find the comments section hilarious. Hey @Cryptrade if anything my 160 bucks went to some entertaining commenters. Goodluck Cryptrade. Looking forward to the update tomorrow. I'm curious as to the extent of the team you are working with and how many people are handling the project. @Cryptrade LOL hashtags on Kickstarter........ @Gerry. I'm not sure if we are talking about the same project or not. We are talking about the Crypteks USB that was said to be shipping in March correct? In which they were given 3 solid months without any negative criticisms. Now here we are on Month 7, nearly 3 months after they were supposed to ship and we still can't get an ETA? Maybe I am wrong for thinking this way in expecting some sort of information on progress as they've had ample time to receive a golden sample drive as well as the milled pieces to test fit before going into final production. But if what they say is true about have 500k+ in orders is true, then I think they are in over their head. If you can't take care of your first 900 customers that made this project possible, then you defiantly can't handle 500k+ units. But again, maybe I'm wrong. I just know from my experience, that this is the worst way to conduct business. They can pump out comments with 'lols' and smiley faces all day long, but can't give a meaningful update. That's just absurd. We are going on 7 months of run around, and you still want patience? You must have more money then sense. I value my money and want to ensure its being used properly. Any one of sound mind would do the same. Do you know what I think, I think each backer who has stayed on till the end of this kickstarter project should get something extra Like instead of going out and buying one of these from the store we helped start it etc, something like a certificate or ribbon inside the box as this can be a quick and cheap addition and wouldn't add any extra time to the current ETA (what ever it is), it isn't much but the project has had it's up and down moment yet the backers who finally get this product have held in there till the very end and supported them. Just a little thought, if anyone else has an idea of something extra to add into the box which has to be quick and easy to make plus cheap to do which doesn't add any extra time to the ETA give your thoughts. @Cryptrade Thank you for not quitting. It must be hard to get so much negative feedback, granted most of it was warranted, but you admitted your wrong and I at least appreciate it. Please try and change that. even if it means getting one person to do only the updates we would appreciate it. Also, silly useless updates can show you care about your financiers (sp?) use those smaller updates to connect with them, to give yourself a personality. Anywho, I can't wait to get mine! Hope everything goes quick and smooth from here on out. @Gerry I agree with you. @all. Some people here want proof that this isn't vaporware... as I've said before, why on earth would Cryptrade keep posting if they were enjoying the sun on our money? They'd have packed up shop long ago. Ok, so communication hasn't been perfect. But these guys exist and they do (occasionally) post here. We should leave them to get on with their job, which is to prepare the best possible product they can. This constant barrage of complaints is not going to help them, nor us. We should have learned by now that these complaints have NOT encouraged glossy photographic updates each week. So complaining some more isn't going to change that. Why not try a different tactic? Why not just give these guys a bit of breathing space? And then, when they deliver what I believe WILL be a tremendous product, we won't be so wound up that we will be unable to appreciate it. I'm backing a project that's just gone FIVE weeks without a peep from the person who has our money. There wasn't a SINGLE complaint. Another project has gone FOUR weeks (I've just been checking). Oh, and another one FIVE weeks. Again, no complaints. And I don't just mean no updates, I mean no comments from them either. And the backers were all just fine with that. Sure, these other guys didn't make promises they didn't keep. But Cryptrade are undoubtedly beginning to learn that that was indeed their big PR mistake. But I much rather errors of PR than errors in the engineering, or machining, or software. So... how about it? Let's give them some space, and see what they do with it. @Sam everyone has been more than patient. And when they do post they offer little to no insight as to what they are working on. I've managed and have completed large projects, some of which have grossed over half a million dollars, and with all those projects communication has been one of the most critical tasks to take care of, even if it seems mundane and trivial. The way communication here has been handled would have put me in the poor house had I conducted business in the same manner. Sometimes you need to communicate what you have or don't have even if it's something you don't think is worthwhile, to others it means a lot and reassures everyone that despite some issues the task is still inline to be completed. Cryptrade's track record isnt the best as far as promises go, and when you look at the comments tons of them are for refunds. And yet there is nothing to assure the remaining backers that the project is nearing the end, we've heard that for 6 months. I really don't know what they've done to keep you on their jock for so long, but those of us who are genuinely are concerned for this project continually press for information. Instead of recommending everyone to be patient in which we have been for plenty of months. Since March in my case when we were first promised a ship date. @Michael While I am not arguing that pictures would go a long way they are saying that they will provide some in their next update. @Sam. I feel that we have been more than patient with them. All I want, and I think most backers want, is proof that this isn't vaporware. If they show us one picture of some of the milled prototypes/ final units or at least the boxes filled with the usb boards that would change the whole tone of these comments. @Michael. Larry, Scott, and Chris, I would like to point out this quote from @CRyptrade: "Been a busy last week and we're sorry we haven't been very vocal on the comments section. We are nearing the end of this project and it's crunch time. As we've stated recently, there won't be an official update till we are ready to provide a final ETA and the media we've been preparing. We do pardon the silence but there's not much time responding to random comments and we hope you guys understand we're trying to wrap everything up." They said they're really busy as they are almost done with the project and they apologized just be patient. I agree with Larry. A quick picture of the milled case pieces would be all that is needed to let us know things are actually progressing. They are clearly blowing smoke at this point... I think Larry was a bit easy on you in his last post. You have nearly $200K of other people's money and nothing to show. No progress or updates of any substance. Grab a camer and take some pictures. Look at other projects and figure out how to do an update. If you can't take 30 minutes to give us the confidence we're requesting, then I still believe there are significant irrregularities. @Crypteks : - Those backers whom have expired their window for obtaining a refund may send an email to <email> with the subject "refund'. Such requests will be responded to after units ship out and not before. Why send you an email? you do not answer ! A few days ago I sent you a message I got from Amazon on how to refund people who do not reside in the USA. You do not even take the time to answer me. I remind you that I am waiting (as probably other people) my refund for over two months. A month ago I received a refund that I could not claim because I do not reside in the USA. I informed you of this and you told me you were going to do what is necessary and contact Amazon. Since I have not heard from from you I know that you are much occupied in the product development but in my case, in my professional activity, if a customer has not been answered and it reminds us after a few days, we generally our best to satisfy him quickly. I suggest you to do the same. Best regards Good to see that you guys are still working very hard to deliver the product. If its a good product, I expect all frustrations caused by the long wait will soon be forgiven. Hope you guys can pull this one off and even be able to expend when all the start-up issues have been solved. Don't forget the fun in developing and marketing a product and try to share your succes and failures with us a bit more. A free t-shirt with my two cryteks would also help forgetting the long wait offcourse. :-) I find it perverse that for all the time it took to type up the last two responses, one photo of the milled casing - unassembled even, would be enough to make people happy. I hope things work out but your logic and behavior is very strange. I could snap a photo and post in less time than it took you to write those posts. You say you suck, but really people here have tried to educate you on what needed to be done. I also don't understand why you don't understand how important customer service is. So let's say I actually get a finished product and someone says hey where did you get that? Chances are they are going to an earful about how all this went down. Have you ever heard the expression you get o e chance to make a first impression. In any case, I do hope you guys finish this and make some money in the process. Also please take to heart some of the suggestions people have given you on how to handle customers and backers. After al, everyone should be striving to be better version of themselves. Security is about trust. How can I trust you that the device is working as promised, if you do not post any status updates, e.g. describing the tests you are about to run and their results? Maybe there is no real encryption involved since the production costs have grown too high. Maybe your encryption was so good, that the current delay is because the NSA is shipping you new boards and force you to use them. Not even a picture of the mechanical parts? The usb drive became a nice design object, but for the mishandled communication I cannot trust it to be a secure product. Does anyone have connections to a major tech news website? For anyone who received a refund, can you please share the method and or process in which you went about getting a refund? Many Thanks! @Chris I concur. The lack of responses from Cryptrade is very shocking indeed. I find it very shocking how everyone is saying all this stuff about Cryptrade yet nothing has been said by them in over a week, I guess they are either hard at work so can't respond or they have just gone for good and are never coming back, if this was my project and I was running the Cryptrade business I would make keeping the communications alive my number 1 thing on the todo list, without the backers the project would not have been a success so they should come first in my book. Yuhann Liu : - yes, and if they can find the "refund option button". That seems to be very difficult. As well as the reply button of their mail box. I think all of us backers should just ask for refunds all at the same time and break these people from treating its customers/supporters this way. Before it took a threat of going to major tech blogs before getting an update, so maybe the threat of removing our funds will put a little fire in their bellies. If they have the post ready, then they should have no problems of posting by 8pm est tonight. If not I'm pulling my funds and sending screenshots of all of this to all the major tech blogs. Then I'm going to report this company to their local BBB and I urge everyone who is tired of being jerked around to follow suit. If not, best of luck to you all. @JuTs - Awesome, well, awesome if we hear back from Cryptrade ever again. @Toby : - Here is the answer I received from Amazon : "International customers will not be able to claim a payment. Crypteks Inc should be able to issue a refund on the Kickstarter transaction #[...]. Crypteks Inc will have an refund option button to issue refund for the transaction. The refund will be applied to the credit card that was used to pay for the transaction. If Crypteks Inc has questions about how to issue refund, please ask them to contact us at: <url>" Yes, it's about time for a refund. Thanks for the info, Will Scott. We have inquired about a refund, and should we get no response, our lawyers will take the appropriate actions against both Cryptrade AND Kickstarter. Hi, I wanted to wait until the release of the product but now I think that there wont be a product at all as there are no updates at all. So my question here is...how do I get my money back as an international backer? As I remember correctly I did not support via Amazon. Any help is greatly appreciated. Cheers I've waited 6 months now, how do I get a refund? A cursory look at publicly available information: This project says that it is in Michigan so I start with searching the Michigan company register: <url>"corporation update". The documents were filed by Ralph R. Safford, with the address used being his offices at Safford and Baker PLLC (<url>"ready to go" before the legal stuff... kickstarter should flush this project and refund everyone. THis is how an update is done: <url>"no such schedule.. " comment I assumed it was another version of: We will post when we see fit We don't care. I do find it funny that the last comment refers to a schedule for updates - what schedule you following annually? @Chris Here's hoping we get a really good update today. RT This is looking more and more like scam. Kickstarter needs to intervene. totally agree hm.... one more month Maybe they will shock us all as update us for real this time lol ;P I received my refund and consider the matter resolved. I guess if they encrypt the USB drive as well as they do the project status we all will be set.. So, two days ago they said "We'll follow up on this in a few hours after speaking with GPI. Thanks guy!" no follow up, not a peep. My point is they do it to themselves. Set expectations then don't deliver. Repeatedly, they have done this. what is the status of this project? Trust and you will be trusted said the liar to the fool-ps @All I think that our best option right now is to just wait for the update that is supposed to happen tomorrow. This is looking more and more like scam. Kickstarter needs to intervene. So just curious as the product is 6 months late, how long would you wait for some type of update as to what is going on. The only updates we get are because we make prod them. What is an acceptable wait time in your view? This user's account has been deleted. @Gerry I agree with you. Good premis but why can't they just say something like working on x this week and y next week. That is all it would have taken to keep people feeling informed. Instead they went out of the way to say we will update on Fridays and then kept pushing it back so I stand behind the idea that they have an obligation to at least let us know what the plan is. If I had to guess, on the basis of everything I've seen/read/heard, I would assume that there are several different groups of people involved in this project - some on the USB hardware side, some on the design side, some on the manufacturing side, etc. etc., as well as people worrying about NDA clauses, contracts, and so on. So although I agree that communication has been sparse, I am not too surprised by that (given that there may be constraints on what can be communicated that we are unaware of). Other projects have been equally sparse, the only difference being that they initially set a much longer delivery estimate. So my advice is sit back and wait a couple of weeks to see how things unfold. Let's face it... if they were going to steal your money, they wouldn't still be here, right? I'm cutting these guys all the slack they need. There stringing us as much as possible. It's over. Next chapter time try get our money back. Guys, seriously. Post an update. It's not even funny anymore. I wonder who has to give the ok to post pictures, are you not running your own show? @Zach True. I set Cryptrade a message earlier wondering about whether or not they would be posting any pictures of products today. I think people have been more than patient. So far we've only seen one stick with a few GUI samples. All of which are easily fabricated. We haven't even seen an open box of USB drives, nor any samples of the mechanical pieces. As a business owner myself patience earns you nothing but empty pockets and shattered dreams. Sometimes you have to hound and hustle to get results. Being mute is the worst thing to do at this point. People need to start voicing themselves do Cryptrade knows how each and every backer feels. @Larry Not saying be mute just suggesting patience. If we didn't comment we would still be waiting for Fridays update without a word from them. So I will not be mute. @All I am as curious about an update as everyone but flooding the comments section does distract the Cryptrade team from getting closer to the update. Perhaps we should hold off posting until either after their update or tomorrow? Hey Cryptrade - simple question - when do you plan to ship product to the backers? Thanx. I have tried to hold out since you guys said not to post to let everyone see your update, however I personally just want to be able to at least hold this product in my hands sometime this year, you have said it is almost at the end but there is still something eating away at me saying was this the right option to take by staying in and riding it out, Please for those who have stuck by you, keep your word this time and update us :). I realize some might think I am being harsh, but it is cryptrade that keeps saying one thing then doing another. They are in control of backer expectations. Non of us have a clue about the state of this project. I wonder what criteria kickstarter uses to mark a project as failed? At this point they seem to be bold faced liars rather than just inept. How many times have they said they would do x and then never deliver? @Cryptrade It's day 4 guys. Update? What is your plan to deliver this product? What is left to be done? Very simple questions. You are six months late, it's within reason to ask so Man Up and answer. If you can't do a update, you must not say "We will do an update". Soon, there will be more comments than backers. This is a failure for you. They seem to be incapable of being honest. This is sounding more and more like vapor ware . Asking us not to post comments. You spend time posting a comment of no substance and you could be telling us what's going on. Yet again, you say you will be updating us, and you do with a broken promise. Lost faith. You guys are duds. You constantly miss your own deadlines. Why don't you tell us exactly when you will update us since you missed this fridays update. I have also not received my refund and Cryptrade is not returning my emails. I am also looking into legal action. I have still not received my refund, having sent the requested information to <email> on April 29th. I have done so again just now. If I do not receive a response by June 8 and a refund by June 15 2012, then legal action will be started. @Cryptrade Shantanu has a good idea. I personally would love to know what secrets y'all are up to over at Cryptrade HQ. Cryptrade! You're still telling us how busy you are but not being clear with what Getting on for a month since the last update. Any new one how things are going and when you are going to start to ship items out ? Refund received, thanks Cryptrade. @Cryptrade Nearing the end? Excellent! On a random note how will you be shipping them? Will there be tracking numbers/delivery confirmation? @Larry - Hey, I wasn't mentioning anyone in particular, just the general feel of the comments. But in response (yes, I know, this was a week ago), I would say that communication is nice, but Kickstarter is about supporting startup companies that don't have much experience - hence, a learning experience. Wooops, I've nearly forgotten that I was backing this project :( @Cryptrade Excellent. Sorry if it's already been announced. If it was I missed/forgot it. =P @Cryptrade By the way did the final decision for which material is being used get made? Announced? @Cryptrade "Do let us know via message how that works out." Yes, I've already done that. But... well... I just sent you a new e-mail "@Alicia @Henry No problem :) Got your info and will look into it asap. Thanks for bearing with us." Like Alicia and Henry I didn't received any answer to the e-mails I sent you the last two weeks !! You are in control of the information flow. All we have are hunches due to lack of information and your history of saying one thing and doing another . I have said it a numerous times. Look at twine and pebble. Both complex manufactured items. Those teams have managed to keep the backers in the loop and building a team like dialog and a general good vibe surrounding the projects. You manage expectations not the backers. Like I have said your team might be working very hard be we wouldn't know it. You could have been more efficient and said we don't care what you think. So I have backed 8 projects. 2 of them I have received. the krona case and cloud ftp. Cloud FTP rocks and works as advertised. The krona case really didn't work as well as I envisioned. So that's a 60 dollar loss. The remaining are moving along nicely, I have not felt the need to comment much. All of my comments to those projects have been of a positive nature. Those are: double fine adventure,twine,pebble, galileo and light table. Funnely enough cryptrade was what first brough me to kickstarter. Now for the top love: Cryptrade, you fail to understand the damage you cause to your own reputation by the way you have handled your backers. I don't know how many man hours went into developing your password locker but anyone here would be crazy to trust you with sensitive data. My dad once told me your word is all you have and he was right. when people google your device these forums are what will come up thus effecting future sales. I still don't know if you guys are a scam. You seem to be based out of Lebanon with your servers in michigan according to Whois. You have pretty much broken me. I don't care. If you have stolen my money or failed to deliver due to ineptness than its a 200 dollar education in the pitfalls of kickstarter. Thanks for that. Larry, I'm feeling worn down by this process. If they're not listening to any real advice over the past several months, I can't imagine why it would suddenly change now. The updates you're requesting take less time the explanations for not having updates. In the time it took them to type all the emoticons in their excuses, they could have done a few photos. I have been beating the transparency drum for sometime. Some one else give it try. I may have to to go back to making fun of them. At least I will get some amusement for my lost money. @Crpytrade I think all the backers agree that we need a LOT more transparency. In the comments section you guys mention how busy you are with things but lack specific information on what those things are. Updates don't have to be elaborate displays of progress. They can be mere check-ins with the backers. Regard us backers as a group of venture capitalists but instead of having weekly meetings we rely on kickstarter for information on the progress and development of our investment. Updating on the comments section is unfeasible as not everyone has the time to scroll through hundreds of comments in search for updates. When is the next update coming, it's been over 2 weeks since the last update. We as backers hear more about people getting refunds than we do hearing about the project itself. Sent via Kickstarter PM. Thank you. Me too... I've re-sent you my email today. I hope we can solve this quickly and clean. I tried very hard to not post in here.. but I have request a refund several times, provided *ALL* the info they wanted. Send a request BEFORE April 5th, after April 5th, too... I've still not gotten a refund. Please check your email, find my requests, and process them. @Cryptrade OH! Ok then. @Larry You talk in riddles my good sir! Data Traveler, DTVP/4GB, will become the unraveler Observation is the key that will set you free... (No i have not had a stroke) @Larry What are you talking about? How is the weather in Beirut these days.. 9904301 I need to get me some.. Safford and Baker makes a nice salt shaker.. Data Traveler.. @Chris I like that idea. @Cryptrade: could you set up an update template? For example, Delivery of circuit boards: Awaiting date from supplier; Sign-off of machining tolerances: Expected end May; and other key milestones, not a detailed list and we don't need to know supplier names. The list can grow as more milestones come into view. Even a milestone of Assembling final product: Awaiting delivery of machined components - would show the dependency. All you would then have to do, once the list is compiled, is update the status where this has changed and maybe a line or two of commentary for exciting events, such as a box of 1000 usb stick cases arrived this week. Just a suggestion that could save time with updates but give lots of information. @Cryptrade As for eta's alright. As for updates I am glad to see you guys are doing your best to avoid falling back into "radio silence" as it was deemed. =) @Cryptrade sounds good :) @Cryptrade maybe a small update in these comments saying something like "the next 2 days we will be unreachable due to responding to emails 'only' so no update this week." or something like that just to let us know there wont be any update this week so no one should hopefully complain about oh look they missed a week what a bad thing to do or something like that. @Cryptrade you do make some good points but the whole reasoning behind the weekly updates was (as stated when we first spoke about them) to have an update every Friday "without fail" even if there was no big news or any change since the previous update, which may I add you agreed to and saw it as the best option to help the communications issues, that agreement was your best one out of this whole project and yet you wasn't even able to withstand it and keep the updates coming, granted you are not always at the computer but I did say that time management would need to be upheld in order to keep the updates coming with a time-stamp of 8pm EST (hopefully making the team better at sticking to a timescale) and as we can see you have yet to show us that you have even improved on any skills this proposal was set out to improve on. As stated in the original proposal, you was to have 4 days of non-stop work and on the 5th day you would work up until a set time to leave time for an update to be written up and sent out on or before the time limit of 8pm EST, now all of a sudden you have lacked on the time management and decided (without speaking with your "backers") that you would change the whole update system and only send out updates when you see it fit to let us know, this might I add is your original way of doing updates which did fail so I personally don't see why anyone would return to a system which dramatically displayed many types of failed attempts. I have never asked you to sit at the screen, what started my latest rounds of questions is you agreed to friday updates and have changed it to we will update as we see fit. You have been the cause of any unrest. I am not even mad or anything like that at all. i am just asking reasonable questions as an investor. I agree with @Larry, many project I have backed have better skills at communications however I still love this idea and in till the end but it does make me question my decision when nothing but bad things happen and there is nothing to make me think it was the better option to pick, I personally think once we see a real life working product in pics or videos, or even in our hands, then we will all probable still be skeptical as to if we all made the right choice to stay. Here would be an example: We got 1200 boards in, it takes 1 month to test. We are waiting for the manufacture to deliver the machine works, they told us they would have it on x. We think it will take 3 months to assemble and test, if all go wells you get in on x date. Let's say something goes wrong, all you do is tell us. Crap vendor screwed us, we won't get them until y. Simple really, open honest communication. Tim, Do you think that I am not with them? I have not requested a refund. What I want is the business plan that goes along with the business idea. In the real world those two thing go hand in hand. All I have asked for is honest communications and transparency about what is happening. After 6 months, is it unreasonable to ask what the intended plan and delivery date is? . Hey, Cryptrade guys. Just want to let you know - I'm still with you. I guess I just see Kickstarter differently - I'm investing in your business idea, and you are kind enough to give me stuff for it later, when you work out all the kinks. Deadlines will be missed - after all, stuff happens. It's a learning process, to be sure, but I believe in the concept and have faith that you guys will do everything in your power to make your dream our reality; in the end, we both benefit. By the way, your idea is really cool, just in case you didn't know. :) Not sure why this is double posting. For the record, this is how you handle a missed deadline. 1 As soon as you know your going to miss you communicate to your business partners. 2 You also tell them your contingency plan and when you will deliver. 3 You outline what controls you will put In place so it doesn't happen again. 4 You deliver on or before the revised deadline. For the record, this is how you handle a missed deadline. 1 As soon as you know your going to miss you communicate to your business partners. 2 You also tell them your contingency plan and when you will deliver. 3 You outline what controls you will put In place so it doesn't happen again. 4 You deliver on or before the revised deadline. They might be the hardest working people on the planet but they continuously shut us out. Say they will do something then they don't. They are 6th months late and have not communicated what they intend to do. They are very unprofessional by any standard you might use. Screw being nice. What is your plan to deliver this project? When will you deliver. I will be asking this daily. @Larrt cont'd But I am as well curious. @Cryptrade I echo what Larry said. When will you deliver the product? @Larry While the track record of Cryptrade isn't impeccable I do wish to continue giving them the benefit of the doubt. Why pay attention to what they say? You can't count on what they tell you. For simplicity sake: What is your plan to deliver this product? When will you deliver? Why pay attention to what they say? You can't count on what they tell you. For simplicity sake: What is your plan to deliver this product? When will you deliver? @Zach I believe they said that all backers will be able to have a ring added on. The implication was it would be at no additional charge. Are the Key-Ring/Pouch separate accessories that are going to be available for purchase, or are they something that is going to be included with the USB Drive? Also, with the Final ETAs and Video post are you going to be able to post pictures/samples/ideas for packaging. I am one of those nerds that collects the boxes to everything I own. I have an entire closet dedicated to console boxes, and a nice stack of iPhone boxes etc. So I have a soft spot for packaging, so if you could give us a glimpse at that, or an idea of what to expect that would be great. Looking forward to your next update. @Cryptrade Sometimes we miss the obvious until someone else points it out. Also @Fahad Don't forget my email. :) Hate to point out the obvious I guess. 23/Apr - Crypteks mentioned they're waiting for the PCBA golden sample and waiting for manufacturing quotes. 28/Apr - Golden sample apparently received 29/Apr - Mentioned they wanted to test & make sure the entire unit is "ABSOLUTELY SURE that it's 110% perfect" 30/Apr - Mentioned golden sample was perfect, dimensions perfect, and functionality par-none and the GUI is beautiful. Screen shots will be posted ASAP. 2/May - Mentioned they have 70k worth of PCBA being tested(!). Also mentioned they'll be posting the pics for the golden sample and a small walkthrough of the GUI "today". 4/May - "Unboxing" 8/May - Mentioned GUI / Sample pics will be up in the next 24 hours 9/May - Briefly talked about 77k worth of boards would never be shipped via ship, blah blah. Don't they have it yet as per previous update? 10/May - Posted a box with "1" golden sample plus some GUI pics. You'd got to be kidding if everything adds up. Anyways, this comment is directly relevant to the project and like previous (ex) backers, I do hope the Cryptrade team learn from the whole experience and all the best to this and future projects. On a side note - I haven't received anything from Amazon re: refund, etc., but will follow up with Cryptrade directly. (Last mail got neglected for ~2 weeks and only got a reply once I queried here). @Cryptrade Cool, glad you guys are looking into it. Got a mail from Crypteks on the 17th advising the refund process will be addressed within 24 hours - I'd imagine that means kicking off the process. Still nothing so will wait and keep all posted. so why are the plier marks on your USB sample? When are you going to deliver the product? what is your plan? Are you enjoying my Money? so why are the plier marks on your USB sample? When are you going to deliver the product? what is your plan? Are you enjoying my Money? @Cryptrade What happened to today's update? This from 3 days ago "@Larry,Sam: Thought we decided on Fridays?" Looks like another broken promise. Do you get sustenance from the misery of others? @Cryptrade Looking forward to the Friday update! IronKey's theme with cryptrades buttons =P lol If you look at other Encrypted USB Keys such as IronKey, the interface on this device (Crypteks) is already a lot better looking. It's simple, and elegant, and most of all, appears to be very straight forward in it's function, which from a design standpoint is the best you can ask for. @Zach I understand what you mean but I just don't want them to do all this work just to have something so easy to do, to be the thing which lets them down and for the customers not to like it as much as they would if the whole program looked nice instead of just the splash screen, and as you said you wont be on it as much but at the end of the day what makes people .use a piece of software, it would be because it does the job they want to get done but they also want something which is nice looking and easy to get this job done, the software could be the worlds best but just because it has a few forms on a white page doesn't make it nice to use. Actually upon another look I agree with Zach about the GUI. I think the UI for the encryption is fine as is, it's fairly minimal, and does what it's supposed to do from the looks of it. Hopefully, you won't be on that little splash screen for long cause you will be accessing the drive, not spending all day staring at the login screen. Did you guys get your ETAs on the Machined Parts and will we get to hear about them this Friday, also how is the video coming will we get to see it as well. You don't have to post what the ETA is here, you can save that for Friday, but it would be nice to know if you did get them so we know that this Friday we can expect a pretty substantial update, or if you didn't get your ETAs then we will know not to check back for a 'large' update till next friday. But the previous update (#31) was a very nice and refreshing post, looking forward to more as this projects winds down to an end. @Cryptrade Yeah. I think it's just a little too "shiny and bright". Not quite sure. @Cryptrade: I personally feel if something does the job you want it doesn't matter what it looks like, however with that said if it doesn't look good then you wont like using it, for example Facebook does so many things and connects so many different people yet the style of the site is minimal they use not that many images and when they do they are small and minimal in themselves, try to make the forms better styled and not just a standard html type of form with no style, personally I think if the software had that adobe CS5 type of feel it would be amazing. @Cryptrade I believe I gave you my feedback on the update in these comments you just never commented back or said you even got it. @Cryptrade I believe we did. :D I think Larry just misunderstood due to an update being on Tuesday. I did as well but then I remembered. =D. The sample looks great. The GUI from what I can see looks nice but much like the vault looks a little "childish" for lack of a better term. I've had it really. Just look at the recent posts from Cryptrade and also the photos in their updates, things don't add up - just read the comments and updates from the 28th April onwards. Keen to give the guys benefit of doubt - spiritually rather than financially =) @Cryptrade - I've sent a mail (to <email>) along with the original Amazon payment details on the 2nd May requesting a refund and have sent it again to both the original email address and <email> just now. I've checked junk mails as well and haven't seen anything come thru yet. Keep to get your response asap. I'm conscious that this is not the place for info like this, but hey it seems to be the most effective way to draw their attention! @Larry Yes I agree with you. I myself am curious but with Cryptrade we just have to be patient and send them reminders sometimes. It is possible that they only shifted the one update to Tuesday and they intend to go back to Fridays. My questions still stands and are valid. what is your plan and expected delivery date? You have to admit, what gives with the bent medal of the gold sample. all my questions are reasonable given they way this project has been run. @Larry I do actually believe they said they would do them Fridays. Ya know, in looking at the pictures you posted, I see plier marks on the end of the device as if you disasembled somone else's USB stick. Why only show us only one? I am starting to think scam. No Tuesday update. What gives with you people? You are not even close to professional. I am about done being polite. All most people want to know is WHAT is your plan? What is the expected date of delivery? You are 5 months late. These are reasonable questions. I think I have to go back to an earlier idea in that I write letters to all the websites that you advertised on and drove people to your project. Maybe bad press will motivate where polite questions have not. So what happened to weekly updates? @Larry I hope so. So in theory we should get an update tonight at 8:00 est? @Alejandro Have you been keeping up with the comments? Several backers have said they have received their refunds but it just took a while. Cryptrade will handle it but they will tell you that the comments are not the right place to discuss financial issues. Greetings, I have sent multiple messages through <email> email and kickstarter pm regarding the status of my refund and I haven't received a response. @Cryptrade Is the project back on schedule now? @Larry As one should! =P Heh, when I realized what I did I let out, in my best homer Simpson, a proper Doh! @Larry I only just read that comment over on the Light Table thread haha I was like did I just go back to Light Table or am I on Cryptrades page haha @Larry That explains why I was confused. Oops my comment was meant for the light table project. Well based on a book about clojure I am reading, it looked like in the example video he was doing clojure the one on top of the Jvm. I would assume clojure script would be used in a HTML file in place of JavaScript so I assume when he says clojure is the supported language he means clojure proper (the one that runs on top of the Jvm) @Larry What do you mean? Looks like Clojure proper to me but I am just starting to read about the language. Can someone here confirm? For the record, I apologize for any negativity from me. It must have been hard to have to deal with all the obstacles and some of the things going on here. I am happy for you that things are moving the the right direction. I hope once these get into the hands of people that a wider audience supports your product because you do have a good idea, which is the reason I backed your project in the first place. @Cryptrade Very cool! This hopefully crushed any vaporware talk! The horse gets up and swooshes it tail, the fly's run for cover. Thank you so much for this update, like magic, I am excited a out the project all over again. Now back to the update so I can soak it all in. My thoughts on the update ... The board looks really good, Would love to see the final product (including the casing and rings etc) that will come in time though, the splash screen for the software is amazing nothing wrong with that, the windows of the software however I would suggest better styled buttons as currently they kind of let the whole thing down (not by much though), the other thing was the logo in the footer, My personal view would to have both the header image and the footer logo fused together to allow the logo to be placed in the head and to have the footer just the grey color (unless there could be something else in it like a copyright text or something). This is so the buttons don't overlap the logo which lets it down also. I may have so other thoughts but for now that's it. Great work though guys. My hopes have now fully been lifted, s soon as I got that email saying new update I have a big smile on my face lol @Cryptrade Glad you got them posted. Can't wait to see them once my iphone decides to behave! The USB that is lol Same here I saw it on LockerGnome and backed it right away lol Yes I did, I am very excited about both kickstarter projects. Funily enough this project is how I discoverd kickstarter. * shoes a couple of flys away * Sweet didn't you back Twine? * one fly in particular thinks, what is a twine? What is a pebble? The thought passes and the fly goes back to his horse flesh. * Chris, your pebble is being integrated with twine. Woot. *The flys disperse for a moment.. Then settle..* @Larry you can so shine a comedic light on things aha Heh, Chris too, takes a swing. @Cryptrade: Take a look here <url>"Original" specs which included "Aluminium" for each individual piece, this was done in a very short space of time. The fly's along with the smell is getting to be a bit much. @Sam: I got my Pebble, I agree with you about the pics etc they say but never did which is sad :/ Sam , takes a swing at the horse as he exits.... I just wanted to let everyone know that I received my refund via Amazon Payments this morning (frustratingly late, as I had requested the refund on March 30th, and was hoping to use the funds to back the Pebble, but alas, they're now sold out :(; but better late than never.) So if you're waiting for a refund, keep at it. Communication is the key. I'll keep following the project, and wish the Cryptrade group success with getting this project completed. Just remember, guys: If you're going to schedule an update, STICK TO THE SCHEDULE. Snap some crappy cellphone pics, write a paragraph about how tired you are, but post SOMETHING. No one is expecting you to set up a photography studio to snap a few shots of come PCBs. Beating a dead horse but it seems you are working hard and if that is so you might gain some energy and good feeling by just including us. Instead of having to deal with 20 questions and negativity you could be receiving encocorgment. And positive comments thus pushing you on into the night. @Cryptrade: is that 3 - 4 hour window still looking hopeful ? @Cryptrade I believe you guys and am still in your corner. Apologies if my phrasing wasn't as constructive as it was supposed to be. Looking forward to the pics! @Cryptrade With all due respect guys I must agree with Zach and Larry. You have promised us updates several times but have not delivered. You have gotten better at communicating with us the backers now you need to start following through with the updates. Please, I wanna see these boards! You promised us a pic of the golden sample and didn't post one, now you're saying you have the boards but still have not posted pics. Please, we're all curious. For one second put yourselves in the backers shoes. We believed in you and your idea. Are you going to continue jerking us around like this.? The only thing that makes me think your not criminals is the amount of marketing you did to major websites. With that said, do you have a soul? Look back on all of your own comments. How many times you have not followed through? How hard is it to take a picture and post something? You have also missed your revised post date and then your 24 hr date.. Come clean already. Disregard that first bit, Port City Group is the machining company. Rest of my comment still stands. It is a bit ridiculous that they supposedly have all these boards a few days ago but now a port group( port authority) is holding said boards which were supposedly being tested? I'm sure everyone would have been happy seeing just the golden sample and GUI from it, but we were lead to believe you had the entire order and yet not a single picture or post. I would have been pretty excited if I had 70k worth of drives sitting in my office and I'd been snapping pictures like crazy and posting day of. Not days or weeks later. So where does this project actually stand? Is it vaporware? Do you have the PCB boards? Have you got any samples back from the machine shop? Have you test fitted the sample machined components with the golden PCB to check tolerances? What is the projected ship date? Do you own a camera? Let's have some answers. We are going on our 5th month of this. After 5 months there has to be a physical prototype. You don't just order a ton of manufactured things without physically testing them. It would be quite troublesome to order hundreds of machined bits and not a one work cause you didn't physically test it first. I don't know though, I'm just along for the ride I suppose. heh, you guys kill me. This from may 2nd. "@Sam We''ll be posting the pics for the Golden Sample and a small walkthrough of the new GUI today. " and " We have 70k worth of PCBA that's being tested." If the above statements are true, you could, if you felt like it, throw us a bone with a single picture of anything. The pain... make it stop..... Lets hope for the update today, and I hope they have gotten the information they needed for the update. @Cryptrade That's a shame but at least you're gonna show us these photos!! =D Seperate* @Cryptrade In my opinion I'd do desperate updates if this doesn't come through. Photos today and then that info when it's gone through. @Cryptrade: That's ok, hope everything goes as planned :D keep up the good work. @arachnist: Should hopefully be today around 8PM EST, however I am not 100% sure about this yet as they haven't replied to my Message as of yet. So, how is it coming? Shouldn't there be any photos from unboxing? I agree. That was a clear update, I am happy to know things are moving along. @Cryptrade Ah! Good reason to postpone indeed! Finally @Cryptrade you have taken our advice and gave a nice update giving us good information about a future event (Tuesday as the new update date), if you keep this up and keep us in the loop there might not be any more unhappy backers, I personally think when someone feels like they have read something and known more after than before, they feel happier and more relaxed with the situation they are in (for us that is being the backer). @Cryptrade How come? @Cryptrade: ahhh I was hoping that, I checked your site to see if they went up there etc but glad to know they are going to be up soon, hope all goes well :) Is it just me or did these pictures never get posts yesterday? - Quote @Cryptrade: "We''ll be posting the pics for the Golden Sample and a small walkthrough of the new GUI today." - 1 day ago. @Crypteks "@JuTs (Note: You gave us the wrong email as it was not the email on the initial transaction. Kindly check the receipt on the email you sent and verify the transaction went through). Thanks again." I sent you a mail, did you got it ? @Cryptrade Haha! Do what you love right? @Cryptrade Sounds excellent! Thanks! Sorry you guys are so swamped! @Cryptrade: any idea what time frame we are looking at as I like over in the UK and as there is time difference I was just wondering what time I would have to check back for these picture updates, if there is a ruff time frame that would be a big help so I can work and not have to keep looking back to see if they have been added lol. @Crytrade, just received receipt of the refund through Amazon. I appreciate you guys working to resolve the original refund issues I had. I wish you the best of luck in the future! Thanks again, Josh @Crypteks "@Josh That should be taken care of within the next 36 hours. If you could drop us a line when it goes through we'd appreciate it!" For me there is still NOTHING !! And the 36 hours are largely past And 7 days ago you said : "@Juts We have updated the few backers that have had difficulty with their refunds quite frequently. Those refunds that for some reason had problems were issued cash transfers via Amazon (not refunds on existing transactions, but direct transfers), those were initiated yesterday. You should be getting a confirmation in the next 48 hours or so." For me "48 hours" generaly means "around 2 days". I don't mind if there are a few hours more, but not days or even weeks. Sorry to be a little angry but I'm tired of your promises @Cryptrade So you'll do an in boxing update Friday? I agree with most things Larry has posted. Customer service is so easy with honesty, visibility and follow-up. It only takes a couple minutes to post photos. Pathetic really. I think I am going to review every post you have made, list out all false statements you have made. Maybe if you see it all in one post you will wake you up to just how lame you have been to the people who have given you money in good faith. You asked for my advice and in simple terms I recommended you just be honest with people, you don't seem to have it in you.. I Am not one of those kinda crazy people you might find on the Internet that spread discourse. Iam a working professional that bought into your idea for a quality USB device that had a neat factor to it. I do understand there is a risk that I might not see my cash or the USB device but as someone who believed in your vision, you should not be treating the backers the way you do. Hell you give more attention to refunding money. That's just wrong. @Cryptrade, no problem! I wish you guys the best of luck with this project and future endeavors! I'll send over a comment once the refund is processed =) All I can think of is the Peggy commercial. Some dude sitting in a crappy office in some third world country counting his kick starter dollars and saying three weeks. Come to think of it all the other projects at some point have let us see a picture of themselves. How about a picture of the team? So let's make this simple.. When will you post a screenshot of anything? Do you own a cat? I would be happy with a picture of that. I am still holding out hoping I haven't pissed away 200 dollars of my hard earned money. I feel the same as everyone posting in these comments, I just want to see the samples and the video they promised us, however with that said this project has got the most updates so far for all of my backed projects put together this project has 30 updates and constant comment updates (although the comments are mostly dealing with refund issues). but they are always communicating with us, with that said however when it comes down to it and giving us the information we are asking for they seem to lack the business skills to deal with it, I would suggest that Cryptrade need to have lessons on dealing with the public in the business world, once they have the knowledge they might be better at future projects management etc. I have a feeling they were waiting on the full shipment of pcb boards before posting pictures. At least I hope that is the reason for the delayed post. My excitement for this project has been diminished greatly. @Cryptrade - seriously, how hard is it to pick up your phone (assuming it has a camera) or a digital camera (assuming you're using one) and just post a couple pictures? That should take no more than a few minutes and quite frankly I think you owe the remaining backers at least that! If you have time to response to comments here, you've got time to take photos and upload them unless if you feel you're morally obligated not to. It's kickstarter and I (as I can't speak for everyone) know what it means to back a project. If what you guys receive was rubbish and therefore you need to go back to the manufacturers or even back to the drawing board, just let us know! The longer you delay this the more sus it starts to sound. I hope the next time you post something on Kickstarter will be the photos of the samples, etc. So the better communication is the pictures will be posted on X. Not ASAP. ASAP means nothing and is ambiguous. Even if you dont intend to post the pictures for two weeks, it is much better just to say specifically when. This way you are managing expectations. This is constructive criticism. Hope all is well. @Cryptrade Excellent! @Cryptrade, awesome, I'll keep you in touch! @Cryptrade So how does the sample look? Once we've submitted the requested email in the last update, when should we expect the refund process to be completed? And for the record, I have backed 7 projects and all of my comments in other threads has Been positive, feel free to review them. You guys will never learn: This from 4 days ago: We'll do a little unboxing for everyone :D This from 21 hrs ago - means you had it 40 hrs. sample was received at our offices from our PCBA vendor yesterday And We'll let everyone know whats going on shortly. You have very interesting version of shortly. Clearly you didn't take my advice. You still don't live up to what you say, still post ambiguous posts open to interpretation.. I will be happy when our business is completed. I do hope the product is quality as you intended. I even hope you made money on the deal. It's amazing to me that you can be smart enough to design and build this yet be as unprofessional as you are. I am not trying to start anything but you need to look in the mirror and try to improve your customer relation skills. These comments are intended to educate you, please really consider the advice I sent you, it will only make you better. @Cryptrade that's awesome! And thanks, don't wanna be a bother so no rush. =) @Cryptrade Sample come in? @Fahad I know you're quite busy but when you get a chance of you would please kindly get around to replying to my questions sent to you via email I'd appreciate. =) @Cryptrade I see. But that still isn't a valid reason for them to say they'll have something to you by a certain date and it not arrive. Y'know? I just see it as bad business practices. @Cryptrade Oh. =P thought they were all arriving. As for not receiving the sample yet that's bull.....If they said it would arrive yesterday than it should have arrived yesterday. =( @Cryptrade Did the boards arrive? So, when are you sending them? You promissed the 23st of December 2011. Now it is about May 2012!! I want an answer @Larry, yeah saw it as a very good idea so backed it lol, I see you backed it also :D great minds think alike aye! Chris, you backed pebble as well. Nice choice. -Larry @Chris it's ok. I have emailed Crypteks more than 5 times and spoken to Amazon more than 5 times for more than three weeks now and these guys cannot process a refund. The instructions Crypteks provide me are not valid; Amazon says they cannot help. I am tired of excuses about the difficulty in refunding money; it shouldn't be difficult. They offered the refund and they don't seem to care when I get it. Wondering if anyone else having the same problem...... @Cryptrade Any updates on the other parts besides the Main boards? Just wondering if the machining process has or will start anytime soon? Please don't forget to post some updated pictures as well. @Sam my bad lol, but yes I am also lets hope type turn up soon aye :P @Chris You misunderstand. I was not Attempting to rush them. I was just expressing how excited I was. @Cryptrade Glad you're as excited as most of us seem to be! @Sam: you can't rush these type of things, I once waited in all day for something to turn up and it wasn't until I was just going to bed that it turned up, sometimes things are out of our control, but I do agree with you, it would be nice to see first hand the progress being made, hopefully this will be very soon, fingers crossed :D @Cryptrade *watches inbox anxiously* @Cryptrade Did the boards come in? If so how do they look? @everybody : Sorry to write here again concerning a refund request, but that seems to be the only place where I can get signs of life from Crypteks. @Crypteks : I asked for a refund more than three week ago. But until now I've got nothing. 12 days ago you told me that you will make sure that the refund is issued immediately. Last week as I still didn't got anything I tried to answer to your e-mail (as you asked it) but I didn't get any answer @Chris No they dot but I agree with you. @Sam do kickstarter have an iOS app ? if not I think they should invest in making one as like you found out the website doesn't work so good lol Sorry for double post. iPhone + Kickstarter website = not very compatible. @Cryptrade I agree with you and Chris! That sounds like a great idea! 8 eastern is 5 pacific so people will most likely be off work by then so they will be able to get the update after a long day and hopefully it will contain news they like. As always if you need any help let me know! I'm happy to assist if I can! @Cryptrade I agree with you and Chris! That sounds like a great idea! 8 eastern is 5 pacific so people will most likely be off work by then so they will be able to get the update after a long day and hopefully it will contain news they like. As always if you need any help let me know! I'm happy to assist if I can! True but if you start now then hopefully for any future projects you will begin doing this right from the start, even after we get the devices you could add a blog on your website which gets updated using this type of structured information delivery system. I am glad we could make valid suggestions which helped out the team :D - I myself feel that if you have a structured system things run more smoothly, like for example before you go to work you make sure you have your keys and phone etc, but if one day you forget the phone then for some reason the whole day doesn't feel right, this is because after you get into a routine things that are contained in it have to stay in it or the whole thing doesn't fit right, although there are times when you forget something so much that it doesn't have to be included all the time, which then becomes an optional thing. - You will find once you send out a few of the weekly updates it will stick and you will become more connected with the backers and it may also help you as the team to get more thoughts about areas which you may have some troubles with (if any). I would suggest regarding the update side of things, every Friday send out an update with how the past week has been and what has been done during that week, even if two or more weeks contain no new information, this way you have 4 out of 5 days (not including weekends) to work on the project and on the 5th day you would work on the project but also write up the update, this will also keep us backers happy but will also give you as the team less stress as we know there will be an update once a week. If there comes a time when an update is mandatory, for example very important information regarding something there might be 2 updates in one week or in the update there might be a messages saying "this will replace this Fridays update" or something like that. It will give us better transparency along with a structured system for handling the information and updating the backers and keeping them in the loop on how things are progressing with this project. So for example every Friday at 9pm the update has to be on the kickstarter updates list being that time as the latest it has to be up by, so once it has been done a few times the team would have gotten into a routine and they may find it easier plus they may start to remember oh we have to do this before we send out the update which might give them better time management through out this project. @Larry. Valid response and hopefully your pointers will help the guys to generate regular updates, even if there is no change from the last one. I remember one project where everything had been kicked off and was with suppliers, who gave dates, some of which slipped. Having to write project update reports on progress when there was none was difficult, so I appreciate the Cryptrade guys may be having similar difficulties and can take on board your advice. sent. yep some images will be at least something that will prove that something exists, only words till now @Cryptrade Can't wait for the images!! I'm excited! Will do and thank you. Chris and cryptrade, for those of us that have not asked for a refund - we get it there are delays. It's just unacceptable that when it comes to refunds they respond in these comments repeatedly. But when asked for details about how things are going we get I one sentence like "any day now" and three paragraphs about how others refunsd are being handled. I have repeatedly asked for some transparency and continue to no solid Information. If you want examples of how cryptrade should communicate. Just look at twine, cloude FTP, and pebble kick starter projects. all of those are producing new hardware devices. @Chris, That makes a lot of sense. I have been dipping in and out of the comments over the past months and I am as keen as anyone to have what will be a very unique and quality product. The comments seems to be switching back to 'when will it ship', which is a shame. I have been involved in many projects during my working life and appreciate that deliveries slip, specifications change, suppliers fail to deliver or send to the wrong location and any one of a thousand things happen during a project life cycle. The only way is to keep chipping away at the issues to keep the project on track. The focus has always been the development of an idea that excited a lot of people into a quality product. Anyone that has worked in true research and development, (I have) knows that it will be ready when all the problems have been ironed out, not before. Now seems to be an exciting time with components starting to arrive. The Cryptrade guys have promised pictures of these components as they come through the door and hopefully, soon they will have all the components to make the first unit and can post pictures. When this happens, they will probably have a much better idea of when they can ship. Until then, I will sit back and wait with anticipation and patience. @Cryptrade When do you think they'll be shipping? Hey Guys, checking in again since I can't seem to get in contact with you guys via email or messaging on here. I saw your post 2 days ago about the refund process, but hadn't received any sort of communication. I know you've requested we email you or message, however, I haven't received any responses from the messages I sent. Thanks, Josh For delivery. I'm sorry my English is so bad. Do you have a date for the ship please ? @Cryptrade Right on! Glad you guys are still on point! @Fahad Thanks! =) Just wanted to make sure you remembered about it! No rush! =) @Cryptrade I agree with @Larry it would be nice even if it's just something simple like "Still waiting on piece xxx" or "vendor y has shipped us piece v!" @Fahad I am sure you're busy but I'm quite curious as to what the answers are to the questions I sent you. Well, your last update was 4 days ago, I suggest weekly updates would be nice. Just be open and honest. Are you still negotiating price quotes? Whatever is going on just give us something. We are not in a movie theater so silence is not golden. Tm @Cryptrade - I have also sent a message and numerous e-mails since Mar. 31 and would like a response. Please investigate and reply. Thank you. <email> @Justin More than likely they haven't gotten around to it just yet. I haven't been closely following the Comments section as I was hoping to not have to dig for information so I apologize if this was covered. I have no issues or questions about delays, materials or refunds. I actually am curious about increasing my order, as mentioned in Update #24. That update said the website would be updated with an Amazon API but I haven't seen anything of the sort added. Maybe I'm just missing something? @Chris Well written, I agree with you. * @Chris Well written @Larry you got it in one, that was just what I was going to post, I think the backers who pulled out are not the type who stick at something for the long run and want everything their way, but in the life of investment you are going to have up and down moments and not everything will go the way you want, @Cryptrade I am glad the material has been spoken about in the latest update, I personally just wanted Aluminium for the outer shell and didn't mind what the inner parts are made from, I am 100% happy of the decision made and will continue to be a backer through this project and will continue to support you through any other bumps (if any) :D @ Cryptrade I echo what Larry said! Looking forward to a great product! @Larry - exactly my thoughts ;) @cryptrade - keep it up guys. If you keep us informed, especially when you say you're going to, I'm sure most if not all backers will be OK. Even if you realized things are delayed, just drop a note here to let us know. We might grumble but we'll be fine. Grivory sounds like an interesting material..... Any plans for using that on future projects? ;) To be clear, the main reason I was drawn to this project was the quality aspect. I can see you intend to deliver. Most things today are made as cheap as possible. I am willing to pay a bit more for quality. crypteks, Thank you very much for a meaningful update. I am looking forward to the fruits of your labor. It has been a rough ride but things seem to be moving in the right direction. Please keep the updates coming. I know I have given you guys a bit of a hard time about your communication skills but your last update was superb. When I am sporting my quality USB stick, it will make me chuckle, thinking of the folks who gave up. YOUR REQUEST IS BEING PROCESSED LIAR LIAR LIAR I filed the request a month ago with Amazon as you guys instructed, I also sent an email to you guys. I am now going to send an angry email to all the news agencies that mentioned this hoax when it first went on Kickstarter. You guys are welcome to do the same. I have also sent a message and numerous e-mails since Mar. 31 and would like a response. Please investigate and reply. Thank you. <email> @Cryptrade When do you think you'll post an update about the material? @Cryptrade You said : "Guys seriously, if you have any concerns of a personal nature, kindly send an email or a message." I sent several message/email but didn't get any answer. So I try here. I sent you a mail from my Amazon Payment Account (using Contact Seller Form) to request a refund twelve days ago. But I didn't get anything. Then I sent a mail to the e-mail address specified in the copy I received from Amazon of my first message. That was six day ago. Finally I sent you a message using the form accessible with a link at the top of this page. But still no response @Cryptrade I think I speak for many backers when I say, we would like to know what the new material chosen is. Also, still waiting on your reply Fahad =P. I still haven't received my refund as requested on the 1st of April in spite of confirmation from Cryptrade that they received my request and it would be processed within a week. I sent them a message last night, so we'll see what they say. I tried to be supportive and give them the benefit of the doubt this whole time. I really hope my trust wasn't too misplaced! @Larry you never fail to amuse me :L For the record, I am just poking fun and I am willing to wait as long as it takes. I do wish cyrptrade was more transparent. I also realize they probably feel damned if they do and damned if they don't. I still stand my the logic that they have selected the material and probably not saying anything because if they don't get the right price from the vendor then they might have to punt. I really don't care what the issue is if you tell people the situation honestly then the facts are the facts. It's much easier to accept things when all the cards are on the table. As requested: 1..2..cyrptrade is meant for you.. 3..4.. You cannot open my door.. 5..6 things are locked with a twist.. 7..8..aluminium is great 9..10. . Data is safe again. @Larry to be honest, even though Cryptrade is still waiting like us so we can't blame them for the wait, I do have to say your comment made me laugh! :D Since we are on a movie kick and they are leaving us to to ourselves: let do nightmare on elm street: 1..2..cryptrade is coming for you 3..4...better lock your data store ...5..6 grab your USB stick.. 7.. 8 the project is very late...9..10 never see investment again... Join in folks, might as well amuse ourselves. Yes, I am. It would be funny if it wasn't so sad. CRyptrade- so your saying you haven't figured out what material you can use in 6 days? Logically, if your engaging a vender, you would have to know what you are asking them to build so they can give you a price. Spill the beans please. @Larry I hope you are on about Bueller's day off lol ;P Bueller?...Bueller? ... Anyone? Anyone.. @Larry My thoughts exactly lol, I know how the workplace is with wanting to sort things out before letting people know the results but the thing with Kickstarter is that the backers are what got the project started and even Cryptrade have said they want our input on things also yet they don't let us in to help speed the process up, they just give us parts to keep us hanging on and it could all be just yet another one of their strings just to keep us and then hit us with a plastic device even though most of us who have said about the material want a metal device like yourself. So one of the reasons people get cranky with Cryptide is, you post something making it sound like we will get information then you don't follow up.. This from 6 days ago: "guys! Material selection is being HOTLY debated right now with our engineering teams. We've also been in talks with KY Manufacturing in MI. We're negotiating the final details at this very moment and hopefully be updating everyone as soon as they give us the green-light" If you are talking contracts then you must already know what you are asking this company to do. So just tell us what material you have decided on. I don't mind delays , I do however want the device to be made from metal. What options have you boiled it down to? @Chris Oh yeah huh. @Sam it's easter Monday where I live which is a bank holiday, no place is open really on easter Monday, maybe they will post something tomorrow hopefully lol @Cryptrade The holiday Has passed. Please post an update in regards to the new material. @Cryptrade That's quite nice of you to post those on their behalf. Happy Easter to you Fahad and the rest of the Cryptrade team! Here is an email I just sent to Kryptrade to the following email address provided by them (<email> ). I hope to get this resolved and get a reply from them, but I must say, I am very skeptical. I will update you all about progress. _______________________ Dear Kryptrade / Kryptex fellow, As you suggested on the message board on Kickstarter, I filed a dispute with Amazon about two weeks ago. I did not hear back from them (not even an acknowledgment email). I am following up now with an email to the address you posted on the same message board and requesting my refund. My pledge was for $777 My profile name is Noam Please take care of my refund and let me know if there is any more information you need in order to refund me (no, I will not give you my social, my cc#, nor will I send you a check for $1000). Thanks, Noam I have requested a refund through Amazon about two weeks ago and did not hear from them!!! I knew that with Kryptrade nothing will go as it should or as promised. Now seriously how do I get refunded? Obviously going to Amazon and disputing did not help. To Kickstarter.com: just so you know there were three projects I really wanted to contribute to in the last two months but held off due to this issue with Kryptex. I am not even going to look at potential projects until this is resolved. @Cryptrade Same to you! This user's account has been deleted. @Cryptrade Update us before the weekend? @Cryptrade after the easter holidays have come and gone do you know how long it will be before you let us know what the outcome of the material is? have a great easter holiday, wish the Cryptrade team all the best. @Mark Glad you got that taken care of. This user's account has been deleted. @Seth Very true. @Sam, I agree with you. There have been unexpected hiccups and I'm not the least bit concerned about how long this is taking. If they switch materials from machined aluminum to injection-molded plastic, however, that means they would not be delivering the product specified. Also, please remember, there was a premium for black because the aluminum had to be anodized. Some of us paid that premium. Since the proposed plastic material comes in black in the first place, we should not be charged extra for black units. That premium would certainly have to be refunded if they switched materials. @Gerry Altman, I agree with you, too. People are entitled to express their opinions without being called haters, whiners, foot-stomping toddlers and so on. @all - I second ppl having constructive discussions. Looking forward to find out the materials @ schedule when they're available.... @cryptrade - just keep us up to date will ya? Cheers :) Hey everyone - I'm guessing that if we all just cooled down, and confined comments to constructive advice about the development of the CRxi (see, for example, Zach's comment), we'd see our rewards an awful lot sooner. It's clear that things are changing day by day, so imagine how much more Cryptrade could accomplish if they did not have to also contend with us bickering with each other. We all want them to accomplish their goals, right? So let's not get in their way. Although as individuals we may ourselves have different goals (e.g. wanting the product, wanting to support a start-up, wanting information, wanting to see photos, wanting specs, wanting refunds, whatever), we surely all want the same end-result: a CRxi in our hands (or for those who prefer a refund, cash in the bank, albeit via Amazon). So I say we quieten down till after the holidays, by which time there's a good chance that things will have advanced, both in respect of the CRxi and in respect of Amazon's processing of refunds. Happy Holidays, everyone. @Seth I agree with you that the Cryptrade team needs to fulfill their promise of a reward to us the backers but very rarely is kickstarter used as a place to solely mass market. Usually it's a lot of start-ups such as Cryptrade and they will need some more time. I think that the Cryptrade team's PR department could use a bit of work but I think that's because they are mostly a bunch of geeks and are busy playing around with different ideas on how to make this the best USB available. And @Marty, FYI: "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." But don't let the facts get in the way of your need to insult people. @Marty, I guess in your little world, insulting people is just fine, calling them whiners or haters or foot-stomping toddlers is just fine, but telling someone to stick those insults where the sun don't shine is "the most disrespectful of them all." Well f*** that noise. You have no right to violate community guidelines by insulting other backers and I have every right to call you on it when you do. So if you cannot confine your comments to the project, why don't you just STFU. You'd need a higher grade of aluminum for micro arc oxidation. So the black units would actually be substantially better than their anodized counterparts. 6000 aluminum is fairly soft when it comes to aluminum though. 2000 or 7000 would be ideal although they are harder to machine because they are harder. After treating the aluminum it would have similar strengths to steel, which I believe is the strength you should be aiming for when it comes to brute force. But we still only have how many hours before we need to initiate the refund process? You told us April 5. That's coming up in a couple of hours. But that deadline was predicated on beginning tooling and it doesn't seem like you're there yet. Please post as specifically as possible. @Cryptrade Any time. =) @Cryptrade I second @Marty in regards to anything we can do to help! You guys know you can count on me to help! @Cryptrade You have my support. =) @Seth your comments about where the sun don't shine are the most disrespectful of them all. And you sir are the one who is wrong about how Kickstarter works. Its a "Project" not an Order form. Read the "FAQ" which specifically calls out things like delays, changes etc... Specifically the question that says "I haven't gotten my reward yet. What do I do?" So getting past the nonsense. @Crypteks people. Is there anything we can do to help you guys? Proof read manuals? Spell check? I dunno. I didn't back this project just for the cool device, but because I support the idea and the team doing it. Frankly, if the thing never appears in my mailbox I wouldn't care. It has just been cool to be along for the ride. There seems to be some growing tension here. Talking about it isn't helping, we might as well try some violence. I suggest that those involved meet by the flagpole after school and settle this for good. @Carson Touch. But what about before they stated this? BTW, @Aneurin, here is something from the community guidelines: "Be courteous and respectful. Don't harass or abuse other members." Your insulting comment does not meet that standard. @Aneurin, take your insults and stick them where the sun don't shine. They are not helpful. You also happen to be wrong about how Kickstarter works. Oh man, I'm so tired... That will be my first and my last KICKSTARTER project, and that is really sad... This user's account has been deleted. I think there is a serious lack of understanding here. Kickstarter is not an "online Wallmart" none of us bought a product - we invested in a project. The ridiculous "I want the product I paid for" toddler foot stamping demonstrates this lack of understanding. If you got lost on the internet and thought you were at Amazon buying off-the-shelf just request a refund and let Cryptrade get on with developing the project with the rest of us. This user's account has been deleted. @Carson, seriously, they are just bad at communicating. I don't think they have any dedicated resources to do that and they should have made arrangements when the delays started. I just got a very interesting message from them that is probably the basis for an upcoming update. As for refunds, ultimately, you could lodge a payment dispute with your credit card issuer. But I'd wait a bit if I were you. Also Sam, when they have mentioned prior to this that you will be locked into this project on April 5th when they begin the tooling process, and they have not responded to you on any of the recommended channels over the past 4 days I'm clearly going to try here, where everyone can see how little they actually care and just perhaps it will spur them to respond. @Carson, no, I really don't think so. I have no reason to doubt the integrity of the Cryptrade people. They're just really bad at communicating and have been all along. Still no reply from Cryptrade on either the Amazon Payments channel or kickstarter itself after 4 days. Looks like I'll be scammed for certain now. @Cryptrade Please guys post an update in regards to the material now being used. I'm really curious as to what it is. Even if you don't tell us what you've decided an update saying "Material X and Material Y are what we are debating on internally." Well, it's with great regret that I have initiated a dispute with Amazon. Had I ordered then standard 16GB drive for 160, I might have let it go. But after paying 355 for "the best of both worlds," which includes a now-obsolete premium for a black anodized aluminum unit, and then getting no response from Crypteks when I asked about options, I felt I had no choice. I'm quite sad about this, but I wish the Crypteks team the best of luck. I'm sure they will eventually produce a great product. This user's account has been deleted. While I do not fault all of you for gettining irritated as @Cryptrade has a tendency to slip into a radio-silence mode for a few days sometimes, I do not understand why everyone keeps disregarding their instructions about contacting them privately re: personal matters. If you send them enough messages/emails eventually they will respond, I know I would. I understand that you are upset but think of it like this. Do you really want everyone who reads the comments(backers, former backers, and people just browsing kickstarter) to know about your financial situations? How much you pledged etc. etc.? @Cryptrade : Ok, but how to be sure that our requests are in those "all refund requests" ? I sent a mail from my Amazon account but I didn't receive any confirmation that my message have been read. That would be nice to have a confirmation. This user's account has been deleted. I am feeling more and more as if there is a serious problem with Crypteks. I have requested a refund here in the comments, via emails to crypteks, and via a refund request sent to crypteks through Amazon. I have heard NOTHING back at all. Tomorrow is the 5th, the deadline for refunds. I have tried getting Amazon to do something, but they say that disputes can only be filed within 30 days of the transaction. Has anyone actually got a refund? Why won't Crypteks follow through and answer? This user's account has been deleted. @Yuhann, yes, I have. No response so far. As for you, Gerry, you can clutch your pearls all you want at my shocking, shocking language. I'm simply tired of Cryptrade's cheerleaders insulting people who want the product they paid for. That includes people like Marty, whose contempt for whom he calls "haters" is out of line and you for saying his comment was "spot on." If anyone is violating the T&C of kickstarter, it's the two of you. I'm also sick of people attacking the integrity of the Cryptrade people, by the way. I firmly believe they will produce a quality product, just not the product I paid for. Seth - So... have you requested a refund? Let us know how you go with it. @Seth If you read my first comment about the new material, you would have seen that it was not OK with me. I did some research, and on the basis of the higher precision, I did decide to vote for the new material. But I did post my reasons why. Frankly, your comment was extraordinarily insulting, and violates the T&C associated with Kickstarter.com Gerry and Marty, just piss off. I appreciate the fat that switching from metal to plastic is OK with you. But stick your insults where the sun don't shine. Plastic instead of metal is not OK with me. It's a substantial design change to the product. I have no criticism to make of the Cryptrade team, but I want the products was offered or I want a refund. Why on earth should I be paying a premium price for black anodized aluminum when Grivory only comes in black to begin with? @MartyF81 @Luc - your comments are spot on. I have watched in frustration as the comments and criticism continue to mount. When I look at the other design/technology projects that look at all interesting, they are mechanically way less challenging that this one. It's good to see some more folks around here showing their support. I can't believe people are still complaining... Missing the point of what a "Startup" is and what Kickstarter is all about. The Kickstarter FAQ even specifically discusses this happening because of the nature of this beast. Good Job to the Crypteks Team. I will laugh at the haters when I get mine and they are standing outside looking through the window wishing they had patience. Me too, anodized CNC aluminum black was why I backed this project because it would be worth the value. Composite material doesn't do it for me. I joined Kickstarter to back this project. I have since backed a few others. Here are some of the lessons I learned along the way: 1- computer rendering has become amazing - just because there is a picture does not mean there is a prototype, 2- there are a LOT of amazingly talented people out there, 3- there are a LOT of really stupendous ideas out there, 4- never pledge more than you would be willing to hand a stranger as a gift, 5- the road from an idea to a production run is incredibly long and arduous, and 6- the are a lot of talented people WITH cool ideas out there, but refer to number 5 above. That being said, I vote aluminium (yeah, I know it's too late) because plastic I can get at my local electronics shop but this, this is a piece of art and what originally drew me to this project is the design, not the crypto. @Cryptrade So, is there any news on the material? @Chris Oh trust me so am I. @Sam Yeah true, I am just eager to know what the chosen material is lol @Chris Yes. But we don't know what's going on over on their end internal discussions and what not. @Sam that is true, got to give then that one, I just think if you say you will do something then you should act on doing it you know. @Chris While their track record is not....let's say "spotless" they HAVE been telling us more as of late. This user's account has been deleted. @Sam they said yesterday they were going to update us with all the information but still they failed to do so, I myself just want to know what it is being made out of as I would like it to be metal, but knowing @Cryptrade they will only tell us what it is after the 5th just so no more people can back out once they let us down again. :/ @Cryptrade So have you decided what material you'll be using for the USB? Thanks very much! :) I've sent messages via that email address and via the Message Us on Kickstarter and had not received any response. That is why I resorted to messaging on here. I've tried to get ahold of you guys in regards to a refund, but haven't received a response yet. Any information about today's update, and what is this new material that is a better idea than the Grivory material that was spoken about, it wont be a good device if it isn't metal, not saying a plastic device isn't good but a device such as this one with a kinetic feature, metal is the best way to go as plastic hasn't been the best at this in my opinion. I would be interested in learning of any testing that has been done with the various materials. It is one thing to build to a design but another to meet the requirements of daily use. Polystyrene could meet the demands of manufacturing tolerances but would be inappropriate due to its brittle nature. Has there been 'wear and tear' testing done with prototypes? This is an area that I've seen a few projects here have issues with. If it has not been completed, will there be wear, impact, abrasion, or other testing done? I would expect this to be a sturdy product and able to withstand some abuse. Otherwise it is no better than a Master Lock made out of papier-mch. @Cryptrade Oh? A new project you say? *raises a single eyebrow* I'm intrigued. Can you tell us more? @Mark I agree with you. Definitly a trial by fire, I think it will be successful but @Cryptrade seems to have realized what works and what doesn't and if they do any projects in the future I think that they will definitly be more prepared. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Cryptrade, you should also reboot this project. Do it properly from day one and I will support you. Many projects are rebooted for many reasons. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Requested my refund three days ago. Haven't received anything yet. What if Cryptrade spends all the money before amazon gets off their duff and refunds. @Cryptrade, no tooling until all refunds are given as promised. Received an email from @Cryptrade requesting my AMZN ID, AMZN email and transaction ID. Said email was also addressed to several other backers without using "BCC". Seriously? Refund requested via Amazon.com I personally hope they come through in the end, although all the hubbub could have been avoided with some honest disclosure up front. Very curious about material selection. Hell as far as I am concerned make the USB out of metal for the backers and plastic for the general public. Also put in a refund request, would love to hear from other people if they have actually received their refund to their bank account. I also have requested a refund. I used the "Contact Seller" option in my Amazon Payments account, is that the correct way ? Refund requested, I've lost my patience after months of empty promises. I am still optimistic with Cryptrade, I hope they pull through this hurdle. But I can't be pulled with it. Good Luck Cryptrade. I have requested my refund. good luck cryptrade. $200k funding and nothing except words and pictures yet just curious, will it be ever produced? )) CNC Aluminum for me too! It's time to admit that Crypteks has been dishonest with everyone. While I have no doubt that they had a logo issue, they ended up using that minor road bump as a smoke-screen to keep anyone from realizing they weren't working on the envisioned product. If they had been working on the product, they wouldn't have waited until the last days of March to admit they hadn't even begun tooling. They were clearly aware the March date was nonsense way back in February and/or January. Crypteks is using many professional suppliers that would have been capable of giving them accurate timelines and costs back in 2011. The expectation was that Crypteks had already done their homework, spoken with their subcontractors and in fact designed the product. At this point it's clear it was never even designed. It's time for Kickstarter to reboot this one, all these delays are not only 100% dishonest, it's becoming obvious they are using the delays to void any refund rights you might have. @Cryptrade, how about using "7075-T6" aluminum alloy? might just work for what you require... <url>"requested" a refund by sending us a message from Amazon, have also been taken care of... Should I have received an email then if I have apparently been taken care of? I sincerely doubt the issue has been dealt with. Metal please. I would like to keep to the original concept of this whole project. CNC Aluminum for me! I think as long as @Cryptrade are happy with the time scale of the whole process as well as the backers getting an extremely close match to the original spec if not the original spec as is then everyone will be happy and the whole thing can begin to be put in motion with no problems on any side. @Cryptrade please post the vote tally. one of the main reasons I wanted to back this USB was because it was metal. I was expecting to have heft. I would not have backed it if it was plastic. As other have said I can get the same encryption and more storage for a cheaper price. For the love of god please make it out of metal. Stainless would even be better than aluminum . @ David, Jon is correct, I did the same as him and received the same email as Jon, let Amazon do their research and they will take care of it. @David Have you tried the "send message" button at the top of this page. That has worked for me and if you click on the "envelop" icon at the top you can you a log of all your email and answers. I send an email to Cryptrade that way and they responded. But now they are saying you have to "dispute" through amazon payments, so I don't know what good emailing Cryptrade is. @David: Just a few minutes ago I created a dispute for the transaction on the Amazon payments website. Did you do that? It just takes a minute or two to initiate. The email I got back from Amazon says they are "researching the transaction" and will get back to me in the next 10 business days. I have tried to get a refund by contacting Amazon as it says in the email I received from Cryptek the other day. Amazon says "In order to get a refund for your Amazon Payments transaction, you'll need to contact your transaction partner directly to request the refund. Amazon Payments cannot refund this transaction without the refund being initiated by your transaction partner." I don't have an e-mail address for Cryptek and all the Kickstarter emails I receive are "no-reply". Why is this so difficult? @Marc Ah. I believe it's true because as I have said many times they have been kind to me and I want to give them the benefit of the doubt that they are telling the truth. Perhaps they weren't entirely honest with us about somethings but we the backers likely don't know what's going on on their end. Internally and such. @Sam: I realized that... but it was preceded by "@Anyone who thinks @Cryptrade doesn't care and is just scamming us read this: " which implies that you do believe that statement... Which prompted my poorly worded question... So let me rephrase... What makes you believe that his assertion is true? Given the history and the recent updates, I personally think it is just another lie... Remember, they were 100% ready to go, launching tomorrow, shipping mid-march, etc... I have been waiting patiently with the delays and I can understand the delay from the legal matter with the name. However I don't understand the new change in material. That coupled with even further delays. Part of the reason why I backed this was because of the design and construction. Since I only have until the 5th of April to request a refund, I have a feeling we won't find out before then what material will be used. So I'm going to go ahead and seek a refund. Once Cryptrade becomes more established and the product is on the market then I'll look into getting one, if it is made out of aluminum. Going to request a refund. I've privately corresponded with @Cryptrade about changing my shipping address since delays were first announced, only to find that @Cryptrade had repeatedly failed to change my shipping address as requested (when my messages were answered at all). Taken in conjunction with the two most recent updates - which not only suggest a further delay of over 2 months (even on a best-case scenario), but also advocate a fundamental change in materials, I am afraid I no longer have confidence in this project. @Marc If you notice what I said was a quote from a member of the Cryptrade team. He said if it hadn't been for the name change thing etc. we would have our units already. @Marc I agree and posted such. @Cryptrade please post the vote tally. @Gerry, the idea of the community helping project owners solve their challenges is great... and there are many projects, like for instance Timelapse+ that have been a giant community project from the get go. And it is working because the owner has been forthcoming from the get go and presented his start point as a very rough prototype that would evolve... However, in this case, they only started asking for input to quiet the 'pitchforks' after months of mismanagement and outright deception... This project hurts Kickstarter and should be rebooted with all backers reimbursed. Since they are starting from scratch, and haven't even started tooling yet despite sitting on 200K of our money for 3 months, it would only make sense... @Sam, what on earth makes you beleive that "Backers would have had these units in their hands first week of Jan for sure."??? The Cease and Desist letter came in on Dec 19th. By their own admission in update 27, it will take 10-12 weeks to make the units with the new material or 8 months for aluminium units... Even if they had pre-produced their target unit number (75), there's NO WAY that more than a small fraction of the backers would have had anything in their hands in January... Also, according to their product video, the only physical mention of ctyptex is in the inner piece hosting the PCBA board. I get that they need to redo these boards because of the GUI, but if all the unites were actually ready, why can't they just grind the branding off the inner part and put a new board in? That would have saved a ton of time... Oh wait, that's right... they had NOTHING ready... and they keep feeding backers lies and BS... and some, like you, are just kind enough to believe them and spread the gospel to the rest of the backers... @Cryptrade I think you've learned an important thing: Talking WITH your community, WITH your backers is a good thing and talking TO them is not. The next level would be more tranparency: Include your backers in your decisions and if there is a major problem: discuss it with your backers. Including them, you probably have about 1000 people that are interested in the success of this project - and this is an enormous source for new ideas on solutions for probably any kind of problem. The only thing you have to do is detailed communication on a regular basis. Maybe starting a blog on your site and forcing yourselves into writing an article at least every 7 days is a good idea. Talk about what you ARE doing right now, what you PLAN to do during the next week, month, ... and only seldomly talk about the things you WOULD LIKE to do. The first suggestion (ARE and PLAN) yields information for your backers (and you get --hopefully constructive-- feedback on the stuff you're working on) and the second thing mentioned (seldom WOULD LIKEs) avoids rhethorical smoke sceens. honestly if we endup getting essentialy fancy plastic flash drives i have every plan to ask for my money back, the thing that was coolest about the drive was the black anodized milled aluminum, and this is just bullshit @Gerry Here here! Well written! I am still a very big fan of @Cryptrade and want to see this project become a reality! @Anyone who thinks @Cryptrade doesn't care and is just scamming us read this: "It's sad though that the whole name changing issue and rebranding came up. Backers would have had these units in their hands first week of Jan for sure." I have conversed with Fahad several times and if he is any indication of the team behind @Cryptrade than they are good people. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion and what you see written here is mine(obviously =P). @Sam @Merlin - I'm with you. Your comments are exactly what Kickstarter is about. Clearly, things did not go as expected. I can understand why it took till now for (some) people to place a little more faith in Cryptrade. But I'm actually glad to have seen this all unfold, and to have been a part of it. I've only backed a few projects on Kickstarter - one of them by an already-commercial outfit, and one I was too late to back but they now have their own store. In one case, I've yet to receive my replacement item (ordered from the store) when the first was so faulty that it didn't even switch on (doesn't matter what it is) - 3 months have passed. The other, that I was a backer for, is already close to 3 months late with some backers receiving their rewards and others not having received anything yet. The Cryptrade project, on the other hand, is by far the most interesting. And as I've said before, I hope that Cryptrade do not lose the will to carry on and continue once this project is over. There is significant scope for future developments and different designs. And remember - we learn from the mistakes and false starts that we all make. Cryptrade have probably learnt a whole lot more than many other kick-starter projects which, through having gone smoothly, offered few challenges. As a slight aside, it is interesting that there are people like me, who care about precision and functionality (and security), and there are other people here who care more about the feel, look, and weight. As Steve Jobs knew, *both* are important. And having read his biography, I realise that had Apple been a Kickstarter project, the pitchforks would have been out in far greater numbers than we've seen here on this project! So I say we give Cryptrade a little credit for wanting to see out their vision. I'm understanding that vision a little better (I was concerned at first about the new material, but I did some research, and decided to vote for the new material... but I don't mind whether it's the new stuff or the old stuff, to be frank). So for now, I'm going to assume that this is going to work out for the best, whatever they do, and I'm going to write up my ideas for a Mark II version (combining single- and multi-dial combinations in a single unit), send them to Cryptrade (no strings attached) and hope that a vision that goes *beyond* the current units, and even beyond USB keys, will inspire them to thicken their skins and produce the very best product they can. They can count on my support. And I hope they realise that there are very many backers out there - not just the vocal ones who post in these comments - who continue to support them. I know I'm not the only one who wants to know what the verdict is on the material being used. @Adolfo Voting was done in secret at Cryptrade Headquarters at: 40900 Woodward Avenue, Suite 275 Bloomfield Hills, MI 48304 Also the headquarters of the famous HONEY BAKED HAM()! Ballots were to be delivered in a hermetically sealed Mason Jar by noon today. Sorry, just kidding. I still vote for KRELL METAL! I changed my mind and want to vote for a material. I vote for KRELL METAL!!!! <url>~umfandsf/film/promise/forbidden-krell-tech.html I love that movie. Where the hell is this vote thing? I've looked around so I can only assume that you vote in the comment section. I refuse to have this thing made of some fancy plastic (plastic is plastic). I did the research (thank you to those who posted to some good links) and it is still a hunk of plastic; so I will be requesting a refund. Based on what other comments I assume I request it through amazon then? All I asked for was the vote tally. CNC cut metal was cool. Injection moulded plastic, even if it's super-duper plastic, is not. @Cryptrade: part of the beauty with stainless is that it develops the satin patina over time and years of use. That said, if you want a nice finish from the start, you could always have it bead blasted. Probably too late but Grivory would be my choice. @That sounds great except for the fact that I have a stainless steel ring that I wear that gets scratched really easily and got scraped up when I tripped, fell, and slid on asphalt. So for constant use I don't know if stainless is a good idea. @Cryptrade If you want to do it right, Stainless is always going to be the proper option. WOW would I love to have one of the devices made out of stainless steel. As you've mentioned, there are a lot of other material options that would all be interesting to test, try, and probably be great for the device. The other issue is, some various materials options should have been discussed and considered as fall backs when creating the project. Personal preference: If you make them out of stainless steel, I'll gladly cancel my request for a refund in a heartbeat. @Cryptrade Nicely written. I bet that with the drama this week, the project has only had ~40 backers, if that, dispute/ask for refunds. Perhaps if these come to market, I'll consider purchasing one. However, they've enjoyed my $355 for 4 months, I'd like it back for now, to invest in other projects/things. @David, will do. Lots of things are "curious" about this project ;) @Jim please post when you get your refund. I will do the same to compare times. Since "Though we haven't announced this publicly just yet, backers have chosen and we will cater to their wishes at all costs" I'm curious what the vote tally was. I didn't vote since I'm withdrawing. Curious how they got 989 or so people to vote in less than a day. @Merlin, I've said my peace, you can continue however you want, suit yourself. P.T. Barmun said " there's a sucker born every minute". I voted with my withdrawal from the project, I wish you well Sir. @Cryptrade please post the vote tally when done. I think after reading all the comments that most of the backers want the look and feel of aluminium so if there is any way to get the new material to look and feel like aluminium but still have the properties of the new material and still be the best option for pricing, then everyone would be happy. @Jim Paterson We need to wake up, but you need to calm down. Kickstarter is not a store, but a space to allow projects such as this to exist, without having to run after a bank to finance. Here is an investment that is made, and the rewards are somehow the dividends of this investment. An investment is never guaranteed its profitability, it is also what makes some win and others lose, and it allows a kind of selection of the best ideas. Now you have chosen to invest in this project, and now have ceased to believe, it's your choice. But you did not come to inspire others to withdraw, this is not your role. Everyone here is free to choose, the mine is to stay and continue to support @Cryptrade until this project a reality. With that, I wish @Cryptrade good courage, and thank you for bringing a little more transparency in this project and hope that you continue on this path. @Cryptrade Glad to be a part of this project. You can always count me in for any testing or polls you need! =) You guys need to wake up! Mid January they updated everyone with apologies etc etc and said they would be shipping in mid march... If they haven't even started the tooling yet what exactly were they using to make that call? Now they want all of you to vote on a material? How much "clown-shoe" style project management can you keep being subjected to before you realize this is a joke??? I am just amazed... I just needed to get that off my chest... I'll leave you all in peace and with you luck, you will need it... And now we can vote? It would seem this (? last minute) design decision is to achieve either a reduction in production costs and/or a method of expediting the completion of the project (both of which make perfect sense). Certainly this material is not what backers signed up for, and it will be difficult to convince the majority that the end result will be a superior product. The Kickstarter philosophy does however embrace the notion of funding the development of a future commercially-viable product; maybe the evolution of Cryptrade into its current state reflects that process. All of these dichotomies aside, those who want aluminium face the prospect of a LONG wait for a BETTER product. This is what I vote for. @Sam I hope so if you are staying in. I don't think there is any way they can do it in aluminum starting next week. It's obvious from the pictures, they have not CNC'd a prototype in Al. One doesn't churn out 1,000's of CNC's parts without prototyping to check tolerances. I don't want synthetic, and I believe that is what you will get. I hope the best for them. @David 75 was their original number. They obviously are going to be making significantly more. @Sam thanks for the post on 75 units. I would have waited 8 months for 800 units to be milled. @Anyone wondering why they only had $12,000 minimum pledge here is what Fahad told me: "As we had initially only intended to make around 75 units (hence the $12,000)" Hope that answers anyone's questions about that. They really didn't know that the device would be do popular. @David To be fair to the Cryptrade team I was merely assuming that they were 3 or 4 people not many people from several different companies. I have no issue with not knowing any of their names I was mainly inquiring on behalf of my fellow backers who were curious. @Cryptrade, if Amazon has already given YOU the money, why aren't you handling the refunds? Why are you making your unhappy backers jump through hoops and putting the onus back on Amazon to deliver the refund? Also, what is different now versus a few days ago regarding the refunds? You told us to contact you via email for a refund. Now you tell us to deal with Amazon. Why? I still have not received ANY response to the three email messages I sent to you. @Cryptrade you've repeatedly stated you have a "moral and legal" obligation to satisfy backers. You've repeatedly said "send us an email and we will gladly send your money back". Now you can't. You really need to send every backers money back and start from scratch. You are giving Kickstarter a bad name by changing your name, materials and constantly dodging questions. Two backers directly asked for your name, not a bunch of companies. Also, I would like to use the $355 refund towards other Kickstarter projects, but will be much more careful to pick non-complex projects from now on. This has been a good learning experience all around. @Cryptrade Do you mind if I post what you told me over message about the original amount of funds? I have just submitted my dispute with Amazon and have messaged Cryptrade requesting they honor the refund. Good luck to Cryptrade and all of the backers who want to stick around and wait. I'll keep an eye open to see how this progresses. @David, me either... i have 2 other projects that are both behind and they have handled it BEAUTIFULLY and i fully support them... @Jim Click my name and see what I'm backing. I haven't had to "complain and troll" on any of the comment sections. @Noam I think you summed things up nicely. Kickstarter is for inventors and creators. You can't just push a button and have the best USB Evah! made by someone else. It's a no surprise that they have made their profiles private. They know we going after them with our Grivory pitch forks. @David... I honestly can't understand how anyone can continue with this project knowing all this... ah well... my main concern now is a refund and i am sure the fun ride that will be. LOL at the private profiles...thats transparency at it's best!! Hope to see you in future projects... Amazon payments emailed me "and we'll get back to you within 10 days". I hope our money is left after 10 days. @Jim and @Sam I posted this info I got from linkedin.com on Feb 7: "By the way, where are you going to produce the device. Your kickstarter address lists Bloomfiled, MI but your linkin profile places you in Lebanon. You have one employee called Fadi Badawi who's location is listed in Lebanon. Your web registration is also in Lebanon." I did this because they wouldn't identify themselves. If you got to linkedin.com now and look them up, Fadi's name and picture isn't there anymore. Both his sites (crypteks and bitwise) listed one employee at the time. Now "11 or more". But they've made there profile Private. Before it was Public. I wonder why. I just received a response from Amazon: "I'm sorry for any miscommunication. Regrettably, the seller did not give you the correct information. If you need a refund for your Kickstarter donation, you'll need to contact your transaction partner directly to request the refund. The seller received the funds once you were charged." So, @Cryptrade, the ball is in your court. I've tried to contact you via email, trough Amazon and in these comments, without luck. @ Kickstarter, Kickstartes, and friends: I think the main problem with the Kryptex project began when they raised more than fifteen times (!) their goal. i am pretty sure they calculated how much they need to make their project work, got to a $12,000 goal number and were probably capable of delivering on this small number. Once they got to almost $200,000 they got stuck with a manufacturing plan that does not work and needed to look for new manufacturing and delivering strategies. To Kickstarter: please learn form this and cap a maximum amount to be raised or at least have the project master come up with a maximum. This will prevent such miserable mismanagement to happen. To backers: I don't advocate backing out of projects but with great regret I am backing out of this one (see explanation in my other comment) and just filed with Amazon. I will use all $777 to back other projects once I get the refund. To Kickstarters: Keep on inventing and creating, this is fun! Just remember that you have backers who mostly send you money without knowing much about you. Out of pure trust. Return this trust by providing honest updates and not promising on things you cannot deliver. See you all in other projects, Noam @Jim I myself am curious as to the names of the Cryptrade team. I have spoken with Fahad who I think is the CEO, but no one else to my knowledge. I suggested to them that perhaps they should post an update with the names of the heads of each respective "team" involved in making the Cryptrade USB. @Tony, I got an Amazon guy on the phone, he told me to go with #2 and log the dispute... It's basically the only option... @Sasha, I submitted my dispute... I assume Amazon will give me my money back, after that it's between Cryptrade and Amazon... But I think Cryptrade is going to take a hit when Amazon comes back at them for the money of all the cancelled pledges... @Noam, since the transaction is completed, there's no 'refund' option... All we can do is submit a dispute... For that you'll get the transaction ID from <url>"Backers wishing to claim a refund may do so before April 5th. Once the tooling begins a refund may not be issued as funds will be held to back for a very specific quantity. Weve found the best way to do this is to log into your Amazon account and request a refund directly with Amazon. This will ensure that any backer wishing to opt out of the project may do so hassle free and have full control over their funds. We have not and will not dispute a refund request during the allotted timeframe." To me, this states that they are considering this to be a blanket "first step" of contacting the seller. The seller (cryptrade) has told ALL of us to submit a complaint/dispute if we want a refund. That means you can move on to the next step now, as you have already had contact with the seller, their instructions are to dispute it. I'm going to try to prevent myself from disputing it until Monday. Anyone know how to get the REFUND through Amazon, will appreciate the help. It does not come up under "my orders" For those who ask why am I going for a refund: I usually beleive that backing a project is a vote of confidence and should not be backed out. In this case, the Kryptex guys changed the entire design from name to plastic. This means allot, I pledged for 5 to give as gifts, plastic does not cut it with gifts from a security company. In addition, the time it takes them to get to market renders the memory stick obsolete. By the time we will get it, san disk will probably have a regular 264BG stick for $20 and a secured 132GB for $60. In other words, it is like buying an electric car today and receiving it in 20 years when everyone is already driving a Hydrogen car. Last of all, goes back to putting your trust in the project members, well I did, but after so many zigs and zaggs, I feel they are not fully transparent with us the backers. Not only that, but I get the feeling they are no longer "into it". Asking the backers to chose between plastic and aluminume signals to me that they just want to get it over with. So do I. I feel they suggested to get the refund through Amazon, because they know it is not easy. I really would like some pointers on where and how to do it. @Marc - Thanks for the link. The option there that seems to make the most sense ("Submit a Complaint") says that you can "within 30 calendar days of payment" though. My payment was made over 95 days ago... I'm going to try choice #4 ("Contact Us") and see what happens. I just realized that Cryptrade has given us a deadline for refunds that contains two weekend days. :) Use the "New Material", Refund us $40 for the black edition and give me 2 USB! or Stick to the original plan CNC Aluminum @Tony Dew, there's no cancel or refund button because the transaction is completed... you need to start a dispute... <url>"burn me once, shame on you, burn me twice, shame on me" type of person so I will take my refund and if this ever goes to full production I will go look at one and buy it commercially. Good luck and keep those backers in the LOOP! @Gerry, i can fault their responsivness as it only happened once the mob formed, but they are at least trying now. Gee, two updates in one day. Now it's on us to decide what material. Oh, yeah. You have til next week, cause now we're REALLY making them. Please, bait and switch, after bait and switch. Oh no! @Sam I'm with you. I'd like to know more. A part of me thinks that from a business perspective, the new material makes sense. AND I could get a free upgrade to black. But I don't have a sense for the FEEL of the product. Tighter tolerance and high precision are 100% important - here's why: I've only met one multi-dial combination lock that I couldn't "crack" in under a minute (see Wikipedia for why they're so easy to open) - the better the machining, the harder to open "crack" - the one I couldn't open was superbly made! So... Security concerns tell me to go with the new material. The likely FEEL tells me to go with aluminium. BUT anodising never works well - it wears off/through. So if black is likely to be harder-wearing in this material, and given that I want black, and better machining, I've talked myself into the new material. AND you can't fault their responsiveness just now. @Cryptrade thank you! New email suggests they are taking a vote: original aluminum design or new polymer. If I can still vote, I say aluminum and I would wait longer for that to happen though I am still grumpy over how long it has taken. -C @David... yep, and thanks for being one of the voices... I put in my dispute with Amazon... very sad day... @Travis The only backer who has posted after saying he is out is @Mark As for calling me slow, that is EXACTLY what a troll does. Insults people for their comments. As @Jim said, we smelled something funny and the result is a flood of backers leaving. @Mark Pumphrey keep posting. Cryptrade had your money for months under false pretenses. You can post as you like because of that. Their condescending answer to you about manufacturing and telling you they have no obligation to provide you any information does not reflect well upon "we are experts in our fields". All backers should be refunded and this project started over. I suspect that is what will happen. @Gerry I actually disagree with this Kickstarter project not being a shop. If i had given money, been kept in the loop as far as developments good or bad with regards of delay and change in material with regular frequent updates, and most importantly a return on my initial amount paid when units were sold and profit tabulated at the end of the final year, then i would be an investor. As it is now, I essentially pre-ordered a product based on what was described and it's availability date (100% ready to go etc.) and kept in the dark about business decisions or what the company does (like every other customer) and after numerous delays and missed deadlines (most of which was set by the company i am purchasing a product from), am told I'm going to receive a product markedly different than what I was initially being sold, and told I would have to wait even longer to get it. @Mark u mad bro? This user's account has been deleted. David you completely missed the point I was making when i mentioned trolls. I wasn't refering to paid backers. You are seriously slow if you thought I was referring to those of us who were waiting for info and anwsers with our money on the line. Refund request filed with Amazon, very disappointed. Aluminum for the black backers. The new material for everyone else? Actually as a black backer i am good with whatever you choose, just make the special edition special in some way. Just google: Grivory and CNC aluminium all you need is love doo doo doo do do Can someone who knows the differences between these materials explain to me the differences in appearance? @Scott That is what I want too, Aluminum and in the time frame they said, they gave us the information, we took that information and chose to back them so they should now stick by what they said and act on it to do it for us. All I want is what paid for and that is Aluminum. And not eight months from now. @Jim Not to mention trolls. @Sasha, ah, that certainly looks less impressive by comparison...actually, it looks inferior in every respect save for the specific heat capacity... Thanks for clarifying! Well all i can say is i am glad the reality of this project is out... going forward please listen to you gut when it comes to this stuff... a number of us smelled this and were looked at as "complainers"... sometimes it takes a vocal few to get things out in the open... always question things... always! good luck all who are askiing for refunds, i am in the process now too. This user's account has been deleted. I am not able to request a refund via Amazon, I want to request the refund as a result of a change to the material on the device, how am I able to get a refund before you lock me in for good as I don't want to pay well over 100 for a crap device which says it is secure but isn't and is the same as all the other 5 devices in the market to this date, My advice would have been to stick to the original design and idea and not take a step (or 100 steps) backwards and face a mass pallback of your backers. @Jules Got to <url>ber-secure). But in plastic? No way. And ok, I know they're using something a little more sophisticated than plastic, but still... Kevlar may be more sophisticated than canvas, but it still looks and feels like canvas. It IS possible to manufacture carbon-fibre products that feel like ceramic (I have held such things in my hand) but the chances of this being that are slim. Ceramic would be super-cool, but sadly, a figment of my imagination. I will stay the course, but rather less enthusiastically than I have done up until now. I fear that although well-intentioned, Cryptrade were out of their depth. This said, I suspect they are genuinely trying to make the best of a bad situation. Most likely they have lost sleep over this. Sympathy is by far the better emotion here. I'm more frustrated that I never bought shares in Apple when I had the chance... And if I had bought into them, probably they'd have gone down too :) <url>"grivory" USB drive. I've worked with that material before and most of all am not willing to wait another 2 months for a plastic encased USB drive. I'm requesting a refund as well. @Brent: aluminum foam is porous crap. I should hope they wouldn't have ever considered using it for anything "precision machined" like this was supposed to be. <url>"that" small business....From one of their updates: In the event we need to re-brand; all of the packaging, advertising, links, laser inscriptions, etc. will have to be done from scratch (not to mention our cute little logo that just so happens to be on every ring and name mentions on the board GUI!) However! We will stand by our promise to fulfill each and every order to the exact specifications we started with! Just made a complain in amazon payments. Waiting for the refund. Changing the aluminum for polymer is simply NOT ACCEPTABLE, and the device is not worth the 200$. @Sam one question before the legal stuff EVER happened they implied they were ready to ship? right? Suddenly it's going to take 7-8 months to machine the Aluminum...thus the switch... we haven't been told the truth for a veery long time. Here Here @ Sasha. There was not even a mention of a price change. That would be most fair and people might hang for that. For what it's worth, I don't think this was a scam. I just think that the Cryptrade guys bit off a bit more than they could chew. Precision machining does take a long time, and I don't think they realized that until it was too late. Sorry, polymer is too far from what was originally envisioned; anodized aluminum tumblers etc. was a big part of what got me hooked in the first place (if I want plastic I'll go buy a thumb drive at Staples). Refund requested. Good luck with the rest of the project. While I'm very disappointed that the units aren't being made of aluminum, which adds a bit to the bait and switch of this project, I'm willing to look into it a bit more before canceling just on those grounds. AS I commented on the updates page, It's only fair that they give anyone who paid a premium for a "special edition black" unit be given a refund for the premium, it's only fair. That said, you might go so far as to say that they should discount all of our units for using cheaper materials and manufacturing (not to mention the extra 5-6 months this is taking). Not trying to flame Cryptrade here, just comment. One of its main and attractive features is being made from Aluminum. The feel, the look and over all security is just awesome. Plastic? Tough plastic? I don't see any difference with a regular USB stick with password encryption. One run with my band saw and it will take it apart. Not pleased with the update. I just sent a request to them for a refund. I'll wait 24hrs and then lodge a complaint with amazon payments if not refunded. Is there anyone here now who doesn't think this was a fraud from the beginning. How many posts over the months of how great this machined aluminum precision item is did we hear? Did they not say they had some units made and torture tested them? Did they not imply (before the legas stuff) that these babies are 100% ready to go? I'm not dropping $355 on a plastic piece of sh*t! They broke every guideline on Kickstarter and should be forced to refund all money at this point. This user's account has been deleted. Here's a better description of the "new" product being used...what a bunch of crap. Polyphthalamide (aka. PPA, High Performance Polyamide) is a thermoplastic synthetic resin of the polyamide (nylon) family that is used to replace metals in high temperature automotive applications, as the housing for high temperature electrical connectors and multiple other uses. It has found a degree of favor for use in cutlery. Cold Steel has advertised the glass fibre reinforced series as being stealthy (due to them not being detected by metal detectors and having no metallic reflections) and, being made of "Grivory" (a trade name), stronger than previous models made of "Zytel". Update is ridiculous. Asking for a refund now... 7-8 weeks. carbon-fiber reinforced co-polymer. What a laugh. And now they have changed the Aluminum CNC'd product to a mass produced "carbon-fiber reinforced co-polymer." Guess what folks, that's code word for a form carbon reinforced plastic. Are you kidding me? That's a long way from what they stated we'd be getting... @Brent I agree with everything you said, except Cryptrade has already said they are keeping their cog-like logo. That's all I can see on the outer rings. That's what I was talking about since it seems the most delicate to make. Plus the endcaps seem to have nothing on them and the custom springs also. But their are no actual pictures to confirm that @Travis Jim has posted the spirit of Kickstarter. That is what I'm talking about. Backers have raised their pitchforks because of this, not that they haven't got the coolest device EVAH! in two weeks. Who's posting here anymore that has withdrawn their pledge? How could you know? As was confirmed by Cryptrade "once a backer always a backer" Mark Pumphrey is the only one I know of who posted after leaving. He posted valuable information. Who pays to be a troll. @Jim Every project I back (except this one) has a picture of prototypes and ongoing development. Plus actual names of makers. I am asking all of the people that have backed this project who are still satisfied with everything so far to do me one favor (heck even the unsatisfied ones)... look at your other backed projects and compare them to this one... then answer these questions, which I copied and pasted from the help section for project creators... What information should I share on my project page? After visiting your project page backers should have a clear sense of:  What it is you are trying to do  How you will do it  How the funds will be used  Your qualifications to complete this project  The identities of the people on your team (if you have one)  How far along your project is The more information you share, the more you will earn your backers trust. Personally I am amazed myself that nowhere can I find the identities of the Cryptrade team (unless I missed it in some obscure past comment, but doubt it). Again I would like to say that I would love to have one of these, that is why I pledged $200 bucks but something doesn't smell right with this one... It just seems sooo different than the projects I've researched with beautiful, frequent updates with plenty of information about the actual item being made.... I'm just saying... I'm beginning to think they ran off with our 200k and got themselves a decent amount of **** and blow ;) Seriously, Cryptrade team, WE NEED AN UPDATE. Another deadline which you set yourselves has passed! Your information policy towards your Kickstarter backers is sorely lacking. And POST SOME PICTURES. @David, one thing to consider is that very little would be reusable from the original devices. The USBs use hardware encryption, meaning the GUI is embedded into the stick itself and cannot be manupulated (hopefully!) via a firmware update. So the original sticks are out. Now I seem to remember there being an issue with the logo as well as the name. That means the lock rings are out too. Then there s the fact that you're dealing with security software here. Very VERY few companies have the ability to create or improve upon existing encryption technology. A startup most certainly cannot come up with their own solution. They'll outsource to a local company that already has the ability to do 256bit AES hardware encryption. Any time you deal with a security firm, you wear NDAs for clothing. That being said, @Marc, the Gaussian blur comment is well taken. Then again, I've had to sign NDAs in the past that seem to prohibit smiling, so you never know what lawyers will jump on. Every Kickstarter project I've backed has been delayed...a LOT. Someone made a comment about training wheels earlier - that's exactly what Kickstarter is in my eyes. It's a forum for people who have an idea, but need a push to get going. We just need to be patient! (Wow...that sounded way more Reading Rainbow than I had intended...This is what being up at 0122 does to me!) I, for one, am still content to wait it out. I'm looking forward to the next update. I'm wondering if the Cryptrade guys even read the FAQ on creating a project... Here are a few things that stand out to me... "Creators who are honest and transparent will find backers to be far more forgiving. Weve all felt the urge to avoid things when we feel bad about them, but leaving backers in the dark makes them assume the worst. It not only reflects badly on the project, its disrespectful to the support that community has given and to other Kickstarter creators. Regular communication is a must." And... "A project may be suspended if it:  Violates or acts inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the Kickstarter Guidelines or Terms of Use. This includes raising funds for charity, not fitting one of Kickstarters categories, or offering something from the list of prohibited items.  Materially changes the stated use of funds  Makes unverifiable claims  Exhibits actions that are more closely associated with fraudulent or high-risk activity" The "makes unverifiable claims" gets my attention, they have yet to verify anything has been manufactured, tested, or prototyped when it omens to the USB. I don't see how you could think that, had they cared they would've kept the path instead of removing thier initial pledge after all money talks. Perhaps they are vocal because they feel jaded and are acting out the only way they can or they're just bored. Well I think they actually do care more than many backers...They are vocal because they care... And they would not have backed out had cryptrade answered our many many requests for information... Anyhow, Hopefully we'll get an answer soon, although, from experience with cryptrade, I'm not holding my breath... Nooooo Marc, you are entitled to your opinion and answers. I was referring to those who backed cryptrade then requested a refund (which is fine) but some of those miffed people have been sticking around complaining and arguing with people who really care. So exactly how do you get a refund...? The KickStarter help files says "If you must cancel, visit the project page and click Manage Your Pledge. At the bottom of the next page youll see the Cancel Pledge button.", but I can't find any "Manage Your Pledge" link... :( @Travis, I'm still a backer... Am I a troll too? All I'm asking cryptrade is to tell me what's going on... I don't understand why that's so hard... They stated in december that the product was 100% ready to go. Why won't they show anything then? Even if they can't show the old branding, there's this amazing thing called gaussian blur in photoshop... does wonders to blur out something that can't be shown... In the other project I backed, the owner gave us regular updates on the manufacturing process. He ended up being late, but that was ok because he kept us in the loop... Actually as previously stated earlier by cryptrade some of those posting are no longer backers. Instead, they are just sticking around to heckle and cause problems. Perhaps you should read before you accuse someone of being ignorant, kinda backfires. Calling somebody a troll, Mr. Ash, shows your ignorance of Kickstarter. Only paid backers can post here. Any backer can voice there concerns any way they want. We have all invested in this device. I can't wait for my device to arrive, all those who rage quit will be jellyyyyyy, and I'll be like check out my sexy thumb-drive. Some people just don't have patience. Granted Cryp should've been better about showing the device. But developing a device, dealing with legal issues and trolls pestering you is a lot of work. They've been much more patient with some of the backers than I would've been. WHEN this device comes out, I will recommend it to my friends. Thank you Cryptrade for your patience and hard work :D @Sasha LOL. @Cryptrade Thank you for attempting to quell the rage that has taken hold of some of my fellow backers. I hope to see said update tonight or early tomorrow. Looking forward to it. @cryptrade: looking forward to putting down the pitchfork, it's heavy and holding it is tiring for a lithe geek. I think I am one of the most digruntled people here and I too would douse my torch and drop my pitchfork if they would just follow through. Let's see how long we wait for this update and if it has any substance... @Cryptrade Thank you. I await further details. @ Ahmad Several backers have already got refunds, so feel free to add to your pledge. I don't believe you can actually do that, though. As one of the "disgruntled" backers, I have always stated I have no problem waiting as long as it takes. Just throw me a bone. What is your definition of "a little patience". Cryptrade posted himself these babies are 100% ready to go. That was around December 1st. Then they had their legal problems. Do you think they produced approximately 900 sticks and just threw them in the trash. Nothing was reusable. It looks like only the inside stick itself would have to be redone since the trademark "Crypteks" was in dispute. I'm just guessing, but an update with kind of information is all I need to wait until next year. Throw me a bone! I agree with @Sam Kimpton. I think when you back a start-up, a little patience is warranted. I also whole heartedly agree that anyone not happy with the progress can vote with their feet and take the refund as offered by @Cryptrade. 99% of the negative comments are being generated by a handful of disgruntled backers. Why not take your refunds instead and leave? Once these people drop out, I may add couple of more USBs to my pledge! Thanks for the update-update. :) I could sense the frustration in the more recent Cryptrade updates, so I hope this will put some of the more frustrated backers at ease. Hi Cryptrade team... Please prove these guys wrong, and give us a "definite" delivery/ship date, and some pictures of the completed CRXiVault usb in its packaging!!! PLEASE! ....patiently waiting for an update. This user's account has been deleted. @Zach, count me as one of your group! @Cryptrade, you describe yourself as, and I quote... "Cryptrade Inc. is an international team of specialists with one thing in common; the absolute-and-unquestionable love for all things tech! We're leading experts in our respective fields and are privileged enough to have worked on this project just for you. Thank you all for your help and support, we really (REALLY) appreciate it! Learn more about us below!" Obviously your "team" doesn't include a PR specialist or someone with any business sense, you should think of hiring some. This is pretty shoddy performance from a team of so-called leading experts @Cryptrade, is this the kind of engagement you were going for by 'not putting out pictures of the product or yourselves goofing around with prototypes'? I guess it's too convenient for you to see backes now arguing with each other rather than focusing the questions on your shortcomings... I'm not the ultimatum type, but my patience is wearing thin... So, once again, please give us some substantive update on where the product is standing... @Mark - actually, he said "the backers", not just "backers". If you speak about "the New York Yankees", you're not talking about one or two of them; you're referring to the whole team. If I were to say "we, the backers, are willing to wait a bit longer and don't need a response", you would take issue with that phrasing, wouldn't you? ;) This user's account has been deleted. @Zach Penny - Your frustration is understandable, and I agree that the March date having come and gone without comment is troubling, as I said earlier. But you're misunderstanding my point. I agree that a status update would be a good thing right now. The only problem I had with your earlier post was, specifically, this: "You have by 8 AM EST on Friday morning to provide some new content to us, the backers." That threat of some type of action against Cryptrade on behalf of all of the backers. I don't have a problem with your wanting answers...I want them, too. Just don't assume you speak for everyone when you talk about ultimatums and threats of action. At any rate, no harm, no foul. Hopefully we'll hear something soon. @Sam Kimpton, You are right. I overstepped my bounds when I assumed everyone wanted a status update equally as much as I do. So I apologize for this. However, that doesn't change my stance on what I, myself, intend to do. According to Sasha's post about Kickstarter on Gizmodo, I shouldn't have much trouble giving them a prime example of the what goes wrong. As far as me being frustrated, hardly. I am a very patient person. However when you are promised something by Mid-March, and there is no update as to why, then there is a reason for alarm, and when questions about this go unanswered there is indeed reason for action. I still stand behind my pledge, I want to see this thing take off more than anything. It's a great design, it has mass appeal to the tech audience, and I would hate for it to go down the drains over something so simple as being honest with the backers about where this project stands. So, again, I'm sorry I assumed you wanted information regarding a project you backed, as well as sorry to anyone else who feels this way. Just keep in mind that your money isn't being held captive. If this project is causing you that much frustration, get a refund and move on. I personally am willing to wait a little longer. @Zach Penny, I'm in no way saying you shouldn't take action. I'm saying don't speak for me, as a backer. it's one thing to post a link to a form letter and allowing backers to copy it, sign it and send it to Cryptrade. It's another to assume that you speak for all backers. My guess is they are underfunded and looking for a private investor to bail them out and expand the production run to something profitable. We'll just have to wait for Cryptrade to let us know. I'm glad to see more people posting with concerns. I would love to show off a black USB, watch Cryptrade, Inc. become a selling company and make them a lot of cash. I'm requesting a refund next week if there is no significant update. @Larry Gizmodo has just posted on that regards, "We're Done with kickstarter" <url>"ultimatum" as if you're speaking for more than just yourself. There may be other backers who share your frustration, but just assuming that you're the voice of a large group of people is a bit presumptuous. This is my the fourth Kickstarter project I've backed so far. It's true that most of the other projects I've backed or followed featured more prototype and in-progress photos than the zero pictures which have been featured here. But none of the other projects I've backed have involved a product as complex as this one. So I'm not surprised that there would be delays (even discounting the legal name issues). I'm not pulling my funding, because I believe these guys when they say they're working hard to get these devices produced. But I do find it a bit odd that there have not yet been any photos of the physical product, in prototype form or otherwise. Almost every Kickstarter project I've seen has shown at least a physical prototype, even before the project is funded. So I am worried about that. But I also know that getting a project like this off the ground can be difficult. But despite that difficulty it is reasonable to expect updates when deadlines are missed (i.e., the March ship date, which I think it's safe to assume isn't happening). That worries me a bit. But I'm ok with waiting. I am one of the first 70 backers that helped get this project to its goal of 12,000 dollars. I'll be perfectly honest, I pledged support for this project but I also backed out. Waited a few hours and decided to pledge again. I was very skeptical of this since all that was provided were animations of things made in software. But I put my logic aside and decided to take a gamble. It's been since November that I made my pledge and I've waited patiently for updates, promised pictures, torture tests, etc. a small glimmer of what I would be getting. Now we've reached the end of March and I have nothing but the same tired video I've watched a thousand times anticipating when I would have the small device in my hand. This was also my first kickstarter backing, which has left a sour taste in my mouth. I even passed on pledging support for a few projects because of this one. I'm not sure at this point if the pledge was worth it now. I thought by backing a project like this, with a 'company' that seemed passionate about their product we would see update after update with pictures and videos. Had I known what I do now, I wouldn't have invested in this project. I would have spent the 130$ on a sphero instead. Like someone mentioned, I am going to notify the tech blogs of this game. You have over 900 backers, so a few people asking for refunds won't matter. But having a tech blog that talks directly to your target audience will surely get your attention. You have by 8 AM EST on Friday morning to provide some new content to us, the backers. We are tired of getting jerked around. We just want our questions answered and for you to be upfront with us. Thanks for your time. @Larry, I think you have something there, sign me up. If they won't listen to us maybe they will listen to the guys who could make-or-break them. We do have options. Maybe we should organize a letter to be sent to Engadget,Gizmodo and Wired - all of the publications that advertised this product. Maybe they would like to do a story about the dark side of Kickstarter or at the very least, maybe they could get the answers that we are unable to. Add me to the list of patient people that have reached their limit. I would have no problem at all with a 6 month delay providing I have good information about the delay. I don't have that. A few things to keep in mind. - This situation is easy to resolve. Simply provide proof that things are moving along like many other Kickstarter projects are doing. As someone else stated, it's encouraged by Kickstarter. - Most of us simply don't care about the software. That's not what we paid for. I wanted an expensive, but coold USB stick - that's it. - I think it's clear that many of us are waiting for April 1. On that day, we will either be satisfied with an update or request a refund. As I sad above. It's very easy to fix this situation. Just use the novel idea of listening to your customers. I can't imagine what they thought they were going to produce if they only got what they originally asked for, $12,000 Man I can't wait to read their next "gem" of a response... *pulls up chair, cracks a beer and watches* @Sasha I was also pumped about showing off the USB to friends. Especially the black one. The silver one was to be a gift to my son in law. I hope to still get them. But, the money back allows me to back another project. I'm at my limit now. *Yawn* I've been patient and have stayed out of the squabbling that has developed in the last few months after some initial posts. I'm very disappointed in how the now named Cryptrade went about their initial failures at customer service and trying to placate their investors. I'm still willing to give them the "benefit" of the DOUBT, and will wait until next week to start the refund process. It's not quite December- I mean April yet, so they still have a few days left in their shipping window. In all honesty, I really have no need another password management system. Nor do I want to upload any important passwords to a server or service I'm not in control of. That's not what I backed this project for. While some people may like this and it's a nice gesture from Cryptrade, it's too little, too late. My guess is that a small number of students could knock out a similar, if not better password management system in a weekend if they desired. The online password vault is a gesture, nothing more. I backed this project to get two really nifty USB sticks with a novelty feature of having a pretty neat method of keeping most people out. Obviously the physical security idea has flaws, every physical security has flaws waiting to be found. The slowness of the promised device also didn't bother me, the novelty of having a twist lock USB stick was just way too cool to pass up. However, that novelty is wearing off before the devices have condensed out of vapor and into our grubby little hands. The other unfortunate thing is that with all of the hype and all of the waiting, we (as investors) will never be fully happy with the device if and when it ships. Even if it's a FANTASTIC piece of kit, we'll still feel that there are flaws and that for the time and money invested, it should be better. You can blame Steve Jobs for instilling that on us. I do, however, like that Cryptrade used direct examples in a post below from a letter I wrote to the copyright lawyers and CC'd them on, even if they got the fax (LOL) a bit wrong. At least it shows they are reading our e-mails. If we don't get a solid update (our devices would be a solid enough update) by next week, I'll start the refund process with Amazon. Amazon usually has a way of making things right without having to deal with the vendor. Obviously, I'd still prefer my (expensive) novelty USB stick, but I guess my money back would be a good consolation. If I can, I'll drop my pledge to the $1 level, as the humor this project has provided is worth at least that. @Cryptrade You have some explaining to do. I have no reason to doubt what @Mark just posted about what you think about your backers. I now wonder if this is how you conduct your other business relations. If you do not post a major update, with some pictures, by the end of the month, I also will request a refund. Here is a copy of a post from Cryptrade from back in november... Cryptrade Inc. on November 27 Hello there. We will begin manufacturing immediately after we meet our goal (and before the end of the campaign). We are still on schedule for a Christmas launch! As for designing, we are fine tweaking accessories at the moment :) but the Crypteks USB itself is 100% ready. - Hope that helps! Can we see any of these accessories? Where is this 100% ready USB you speak of? @David Oh like banks do with site-keys. That makes sense now. This user's account has been deleted. @Sam I have a financial institution that uses this technique. If someone sets up a fake site, you will know if your selected picture does not show up during the log in procedure. Of course, you have to remember what you selected and actually care. where* @Cryptrade I have a question re: the password system. Why have the user choose what seems to be a profile picture if it's a password vault and not a website were users interact with one another? Finally a straight answer, too bad we only get those from other backers. Thanks Mark! That's good to know seeing as you answered me saying they can't, so again I will say that we haven't heard from anyone who has received a refund. Mark, please keep us informed of your progress This user's account has been deleted. Since @Mark can still post here, I assume he hasn't been removed as a "Backer". Can anybody tell me how you are un-Backered. Try to say that three times fast. Is it automatic based on Amazon payments, or does the project creator have to do it? @Mark please post as long as you can. When I see no more posts for a while, I'll assume you were un-Backered, or a black BMW forced you over a cliff. lol ^ what has two thumbs and is not surprised? ... This guy! This user's account has been deleted. @Cryptrade It doesn't sound like @Mark just fell off the turnip truck. He's concerned that you won't post any pictures, any prototype details, where it's being made, what software was used for development, etc. If you posted an update with these details everybody would be happy. You also haven't answered any of my questions: 1. Can you still ship in March? 2. Can you post a screenshot of the USB interface? 3. Please tell us the name of the company producing the USB? Quoting you: "...we're working on getting everything completed in the fastest amount of time possible." Without any details from you, this is meaningless. Did you read my post on the spirit of Kickstarter? How about throwing us a bone with some detail? Please don't tell me "we're expecting to ship in April" without any details. Well, 16 hours in to my request for a refund (admittedly it WAS overnight though) and I haven't seen anything from Crypteks and/or Cryptrade. Nothing in any spam folders, etc. I thought they checked the account "hourly" though... Maybe they're too busy processing other refund requests to get to mine yet? :) @Jim, i think the answer was..."we're working on getting everything completed in the fastest amount of time possible." So maybe March 30th 2013. Yay -_- @Cryptrade Inc. I'm sorry, I missed the part in your last reply that answered the question about shipping in March... This user's account has been deleted. @Mark Pumphrey - is this beginning to feel more and more like a scam to you too? If I had a product that I thought was really cool, I'd be taking photos every five minutes, of every step of the process. Oh wait - we do that when we make new products where I work! We even take photos of the first product out of the tooling and put it on our wall. Update #27.... we're not going to make the shipping date we said we would, because mid-March has already passed. Sorry we let you down again. 3 days of March remaining... @Cryptrade Thank you for posting a reply. I'm going to re-send my inquiry that I sent his kickstarter message via e-mail. Time to vote with your feet and request a refund... This user's account has been deleted. @Cryptrade Could you at least post a screenshot of what the interface looks like when I first plug the USB in? That certainly is done, complete and won't change at this point. You know, give a dog a bone. Can you ship in March or not? How many people have to ask? @Cryptrade Inc. Once again you have provided a beautifully written response that has not answered the one question that is repeatedly asked lately, are you shipping in March in accordance with your lastest target? I won't even get started on the "pictures when made available" comment. Let the "entertainment" continue... @ Kickstarter, can you please change the green marquee next to the number of backers and pledge money from "you're a backer" to "you're a sucker", thanks... @Tony, good luck and I don't blame you one bit. I've seen a few people on here say they are asking for refunds but I have yet to see one comment after actually getting one. I look at my 200 bucks spent as a bad day at the casino, I figure it's pretty much gone but I'm hanging out for the entertainment of their responses. These guys are master spin-doctors! @Jim, Pretty much, yeah. I think that they seem like stand up people, though I could be wrong I still wish to give them the benefit of the doubt. Well, I'm out. I'm happy to be proven wrong, but I'm convinced this project will never see the light of day. The initial thrill of this gadget is gone and I can no longer justify the $200+ price tag. As for the password vault thing? Misdirection at the very least. Does anyone actually trust this company enough to put your security credentials in their hands? I sure don't. I'm about to email and officially ask for a refund, and then I'll comment on how the process went. @Sam, so you are giving them the benefit of the doubt solely because they have been "polite" and nothing more? I applaud your humanitarian side. You truly are an optimist! @David I don't know anymore than you I assure you. I was talking about prior interactions. @Marc I reached that conclusion because if this were vapoware than neither of the products would have ever seen the light of day. As for the information I refer you to what I said to david. As for what you sent directed at Cryptrade I can 't speak for Brent but again I do not know anymore than you. @Sam: how do you conclude that "PasswordVault -> (CRXi != vaporware)" ? Please elaborate, I see no correlation... @Brent and @Sam: care to share what information you received to make you that optimistic? @Cryptrade: What did you tell these guys that you can't tell all of us? If you have the argument to shut us up - wether be a product image, some concrete production info or a ship date - please do share... Or just answer the simple question: "when. will. you. ship?" @Sam Care to share any details that we don't already know. I and others have repeatedly stated we don't care how long. Just tell us what is going on. @Brent Very cool and I have also found them to be the same. Fahad has been very nice every time I have contacted him/the team and while I am of course anxious to get my drive I don't think that this is vaporware. If it were then they would not have delivered us the password system. @Sam, I reached out to the Cryptrade team with my own concerns and found them quite responsive. I've worked manufacturing in the past and currently work in the information security field, and so work with a lot of similar (if not the same) groups. Honestly, I was starting to get nervous too. After speaking with them via email though, everything they said made perfect sense (and in a few situations had actually happened to projects I had managed in the past!). The more technical a project becomes, the more hurdles there are along the way. I doubt I can change anyone's mind about the project, but I do feel that they're being as honest as they can be with us. I'm with Sam in terms of giving them the benefit of the doubt. @Jim Again as I told Mark I prefer to give the Crypteade team the benefit of the doubt. @Sam, it's sad that you have to ask for "any more ideas" for a ship date. My idea of a ship date has come and gone multiple times... sadly their idea of a ship date is sometime between Dec 2011 and Armageddon. See ya after the apocalypse! @Cryptrade Do you have any more ideas on a projected ship date? Your client expectations management leaves something to be desired. Stating impractical dates for deliverables is to your detriment in the long run. It is somewhat obvious that when you state 'it did not cost anything other than our programmers' teams time' that you are probably from a sales background, which is also probably the same reason you're unrealistic on delivery dates. I suggest using reality as a guide, as opposed to feeding clients lies to keep them mildly satiated. @Mark while I agree with you completely that missing deadlines is unacceptable I still wish to give them the benefit of the doubt thus my "lackadaisical" behavior. I am most certainly not related to anyone on the Cryptrade team but they have been polite(albeit late on several occasions) when dealing with me so I wish to return that courtesy. This user's account has been deleted. @Mark While they did promise a mid march ship date on the USB's they at least delivered on the password system. This user's account has been deleted. It has been a long while now and I already feel jipped. David Kickbusch brings up a good point, I would like to know more about what is going on along with proof. After reviewing "Kickstarters" guidelines and tips it states "Creators are encouraged to share links to their personal website(s), as well as any websites that show work related to the project, or past projects". This being my first backed project has left a sour taste and I doubt that backing other projects will come so easily to me. @Cryptrade I as well would like to know an estimated date for when they will be shipped. @Olester sorry to say but you are probably spoiled by "Capture" and their OUTSTANDING feedback, project information, and quality updates. Here you will get well written Misinformation and plenty of hot air, enough to make most politicians look like amateurs! Is this still on track for a March ship date? Or will it be next quarter. I ask so i don't keep looking forward to receiving it this month. If it won't be ready until June, i'd rather be told June than not have an actual ship date. So the USBs will be shipping soon? You mentioned March a couple updates ago and it's now the 24th and mine hasn't come in the mail yet. @cryptrade, re: vault vs CRXi unit... for me it's about priorities... you've rushed the development of the part of the project backed by less than 10% of the backers, that combines less than 0.05% of the funds raised; and basically keep the other 900 backers who have pledged a combined 200K for the CRXi units in the dark, ignoring their legitimate requests for substancial updates... Very strange sense of business priority to say the least... @Jim, +1... @Cryptrade "We don't however feel it necessary to update backers with half-prepared prototypes and pictures of us goofing around to keep backers engaged", it's not about keeping us engaged... it's about responding to the request of tens of backers... I'd rather see one half done product photo than geting 20 lame incipient comments about how great everything is going... Do you prefer to keep us engaged by continually not answer our requests and have us keep complaining??? @Cryptrade You didn't answer the questions about shipping. Is March still viable, or are we talking April now? @GerryAltmann I believe the spirit of Kickstarter is in watching the development. I didn't back Cryptrade or any of my other projects because I wanted a slick, polished gadget in two months. I'm interested in the design, prototyping, screwups, and challenges of bringing an idea to fruition. I feel this project hasn't provided any of that. All the other projects I back do. All I'm saying is show us what you are doing. I back a project that says up front it will take a year to fulfill. I have no problem with that. This is also the only project I back that doesn't list, by name, who is behind it. I didn't know the USB drive is being manufactured and assembled in the US. That's not being transparent. I want to know who that firm is. I want all the details. I want to watch the development. That's the spirit of Kickstarter. Why would I give my trust to anyone who is just going send me a box without those details. You're right, I could just go buy any Iron Key if that's what I wanted. you guys should take a lesson from Hexbright... they are late too but guess what, they are not getting swamped with negative feedback because ... gasp... there are actual photo's on the update page of components etc of the project as it progresses... what a concept... 6 days of March to go until you've reneged on another yet another promise. Also, I hope that none of the money i pledged was spent on a password vault that I didn't back. Gary, I think you missing one very important point. For me, I have no issue with delays. Its lack of timely updates with substance. I have backed a number of projects at this point and this is the only one that has been disappointing. I do not have my twine yet but I haven't said a peep to that team because they post pictures and updates with what is going on. I also understand they had legal issues and could not speak but they say that issue is dead so there is no obvious reason they can't give us better information. Now, I do thank them for all there hard work and I am sure they themselves wish these things didn't happen but they can and should look in the mirror and realize in comparison to the other projects I have funded, they could do a better job of communicating. I am looking forward to my USB whenever it arrives. Hey people - cut Cryptrade some slack. This is Kickstarter.com - it is NOT Amazon.com. If you can do better, go out and do it. And if you want a USB key, go out and buy one. Any start-up is inherently risky. When I backed this project I wrote off that money straightaway. I backed a project, with all the risk that that entails - I was not buying a product. There are shops for that. I backed this project because I was curious, and because the design looked great. And watching this unfold, with all the drama and setbacks, is what makes this interesting. These guys needed our help and support, and that's why Kickstarter exists. I think that some of the comments here have been shameful. It's like watching a pack of hyenas. I have no reason to doubt the integrity of Cryptrade. Quite the opposite - I totally trust that they are trying to keep to their vision - a vision that we all signed up for. I pre-ordered something from Amazon, and it's been delayed by the entire duration of this project. But complaining, or questioning their integrity, isn't going to make it happen any faster. If you wanted this product with zero risk, you should not have made a pledge - you should have waited until the product was out and available via a regular estore. By the way - instead of posting inappropriate comments here, why not send a polite email instead? A little bit of respect will go along way, I'm sure. @Cryptrade Take all the time that you need. @Cryptrade I know you guys are working hard to bring us the USB drives but please tell us when you think you will have them shipped. I am truly looking forward to the device but it is hard to have faith when a lot of what you guys say seems to just lead to more questions. TSA compliance is a deal breaker. If I had known this before pledging, I would never have pledged in the first place. Who trusts government these days? Cryptrade, I'll be in touch for a refund. ummm, sorry but i didn't pay 200 bucks to help you launch a password management tool, i paid to help you guys launch a USB... why hasn't that been finished before this? get your priorities straight! So, are you shipping in March? Or is that a bust. I can't believe at this point that you don't know for sure. Made in the USA! Great! Tell me where and by whom and I'll go there myself and take some pictures. Or is that a secret. There are a lot of negative comments on your Facebook page. And photos to the old TM. You should update those. Also, I don't think you've posted there in three months. I just checked your Twitter page. Not a tweet in three months. Oh yeah, you still have photos with the disputed TM on it. You should change those before you have to delay shipping again because you are being sued. I echo all that @Marc says. Now that the legal issues are resolved, there is no reason for not posting a picture. I didn't even think about QC. You guys are obviously not making the USBs by yourselves. How about telling us who the manufacturer of the parts are? Since you stated you won't get yours before us, I assume they are being assembled in China also. Way to throw a bone to shut up your backers... Unfortunately... I didn't back the development of a password management site... I backed a secure USB drive... Couldn't care less about the vault, and I will not use it, even if somehow magically you were able in a few short weeks to come up with a better product than what's available and widely use already... Your current track record and gives me absolutely no confidence to entrust you with the sesame to all my accounts... Whatever you claim your privacy policy is... Now about the meat of this project, if I may say... Can you please be a bit more specific about shipment timeframe?? Since the start of the project, you have constantly missed self imposed deadlines... And found plenty of excuses to explain missing them... All of this week, you were going to launch the vault today and send an update today or tomorrow... So "we'll be posting another one fairly soon." tells me I'm not going to hear squat for another couple of weeks... So, simple question: when will your manufacturer ship? As a side question, I'm also pretty concerned that you will not get your units before us... Who does the QA of this product? What if the manufacturer messes up? Did you perform any production quality control? If so, why did you not post any pictures of the process as aked repeatedly? Anyhow, at this point like someone noted a little while back, I'm staying for the drama... I hope I'll get something in the mail before december. Perhaps your original ship date was a typo and was meant to be Dec. 2012? I hope the product will be of semi decent quality, but know that I really drastically lowered my expectations to the point that I consider my support to you as lost money. I'm too curious to ask for a refund... If whatever arriving in the box is better than a turd, I will be pleasantly surprised, I guess. Good luck with your future endeavors, I will most likely never do business with you again... I also just noticed that, if you create a fairly long list while using the webapp on an iPhone / iPad, turning the device to use landscape mode will cause the list to overrun the Favorites section, but go behind the Favorites' title bar. Additionally, scrolling doesn't really work on iPad / iPhone. The easy solution is to go back to Portrait mode, so they're pretty minor issues. Just something to keep you busy, as if you don't already have enough! :-P Thanks for all the hard work! I like the Vault overall, but I've noticed that the "Keep Me Logged In" button doesn't seem to do anything. When I was running it in the browser on my iPad, leaving the site and returning required that I log back in despite cookies being enabled. When ran it through the webapp after adding it to the home screen, I was logged out as soon as I tried to switch apps to verify data. I also think it's funny that there isn't a default Kickstarter option under Online :-P Great job other than that one glitch, though! @Ben, it do in HTML5, Iphone is compatible with HTML5. How can I change the international Shipping. It was my first pledge can you please help me? This user's account has been deleted. I just got finished reading the long, extremely detailed Terms of Service and Privacy Policy and now love Cryptrade even more. The policies outlined in those documents strike me as well thought-out and respectful of both genuine business concerns and your customers. The section on dispute resolution was particularly impressive. It offered various means of dispute resolution rather than imposing a specific one. I am proud to have backed such an upstanding company! I really like the look of the online password manager but it does have me wondering what the point of using the Cryptrade version vs something like LastPass that has browser integration? I have to say, you guys really did a great work with this. Very simple and straight forward UI. I'm a little paranoid about using all its features at once. Could you refresh my memory how secured this is again. Like where are these password stored/ and how likely can it be hacked? Also, is there a secondary email option in case the primary email gets hacked? Anyways, great work. Looking forward for the device. Thanks Cryptrade team! Managed to change the shipping address finally w/ many thanks. Now, I'd like to know when it's going to be shipped. Cryptrade vault is beautiful !!! Thank you. Sweet! I like the design although the background could use some work. Will you be posting an update in regards to shipping soon? I bet 5 that they don't manage to ship them in March, as promised. Only 7 days of March remain... Update please...............300 @Cryptrade Watching my inbox for this big update! I sent you an email two weeks ago requesting a refund of my money and never heard back. I need this addressed immediately. @Cryptrade, I share Yui's concern regarding the UPS's brokerage fees charge to Canadian customers. Could you please double check with UPS about their brokerage fees charged to Canadian customers specifically? Given a choice, I would rather have USPS deliver my USBs then UPS. Thanks. BTW, I am not in a rush to get the USB key. I fully understand the production challenges. This is not the first project where the delivery had to be pushed back. This is all part of being a backer at Kickstarter. We are not here just for the product. Getting a new idea floated in the market place and seeing a new business emerging out of it is just as important to some of us. I trust that you guys are doing everything to ensure that all backers get the highest quality product as quickly as possible. Keep up the good work @Cryptrade Will today's update include info about the online password system? "All U.S & Canadian orders will be via UPS ground." I'm not looking forward to this at all. UPS charges exorbitant amounts of "brokerage and handling" fees for all ground shipments coming into Canada. Please tell me you will be paying for any duties and taxes involved. I do not want to give UPS $80 for what basically amounts to a USB drive. Would also like to know if other shipping options are available... pricing on overnight shipping would be nice to know. Thank you Can you to give an expedition date ? Cool. Any more info on a projected ship date besides mid march? @Cryptrade What method of shipping will you be using? UPS? USPS? FedEx? Will we have tracking numbers? I've just checked my mail box. Still no Crypteks USB....continue waiting this March madness. March appears to be rolling past. @Cryptrade Kk. Thanks. @Cryptrade Can you please go into more detail? @Cryptrade Random question that I just thought of. Do the USB's have any kind of warranty on them? @Cryptrade - nothing in my junk folder or inbox regarding refund status. Please confirm you're in receipt of the amazon transaction id and address info I sent a few days ago and have all you need to process. If you can give me an idea of your timing too, that would be great. @Cryptrade Mmk. I must have misunderstood. My apologies. @Sam Right, my question was since they are likely getting their before we get ours why can't they take pictures of theirs when they arrive. @Sam, I think what they're saying is that they don't have any personal units because they're waiting for theirs to arrive, rebranded, like everyone else. @Cryptrade That's alright, but that answers only 1 of my questions. The second one which you forgot was why not post photos of your personal units while our units are in the mail. @Crytrade Any response to my question? I'll post what I said again. "@Cryptrade In reference to one of your earlier posts you said that photos are hard because you're rushing to get them shipped out so you don't think you have time. Well assuming they're being shipped from the factory that would make some sense BUT what doesn't quite make sense is, aren't you guys getting your own units? If so why not post photos of YOUR units while ours are in the mail?" Sent an email requesting a refund, no response for days. I thought these email inboxes were being "monitored hourly". @Mark LOL! Haha! That's funny. I applaud you man. @Cryptrade In reference to one of your earlier posts you said that photos are hard because you're rushing to get them shipped out so you don't think you have time. Well assuming they're being shipped from the factory that would make some sense BUT what doesn't quite make sense is, aren't you guys getting your own units? If so why not post photos of YOUR units while ours are in the mail? Has there been a single picture of any piece of this hardware? If hardware doesn't exist in any form what does that say? I was wondering...do the password tumblers on the CRXi vault make any neato ratcheting sounds, or is it silent? This user's account has been deleted. @Cryptrade I've got a reply, very fast ;) @Cryptrade Hello, I sent an email in the inbox of Fahad as that assigned to kickstarter does not work with me (and a few others). Yay @cryptrade! Roll those rewards out! Your words tell me that shipping is imminent. Don't let us down. On another note, I also will not use your Vault password storage without a full disclosure on how the security works. I don't understand why a NDA had to be used for beta testing unless you plan on licensing or selling the software. If the actual encryption process is proprietary, there are other well know systems, i.e. Truecrypt or PGP, that are open to scrutiny. Will there be a guide to this encryption technique on your website? How about a graphic for the data flow and a text file of the actual encryption routines. Cryptrade Team: A few comments to this evening's response. >>>The only reason we haven't posted actual product pictures is due to the fact that we are in a rush to get them off to you guys. Unfortunately we won't have the opportunity to have them assembled and sent to us in advance as we had done previously with the "Crypteks" branded units<<< Digital photography makes taking photos a snap nowdays, so despite what you're saying, I can't imagine what the difficulty would be here. Moreover, photos of the original USB's - sent to you in advance as stated above - were not posted either after many requests by several backers. The second part of your response above makes it sound like you guys aren't controlling/involved in your own manufacturing process, which is the opposite of all other kickstarter projects I've been involved with. The $196k you raised seems like enough money to motivate a entrepreurial minded developer to be closely involved in the manufacturing process - perhaps even visiting the plant for your own "wow" factor as the first product rolls off the assembly line (the same thing much of your fellow Kickstarter competitors are doing on a regular basis from what I've seen in the few projects I've backed). Cryptrade seems oddly uninvolved/disinterested to be closer to their own manufacturing process - but you guys did put together a great marketing video for the project. >>>We understand that the wait is strenuous and indeed very inconvenient to a lot of our backers.<<< This isn't the issue for me. I didn't question anything you guys have been doing until late last week - choosing instead to simply give you room/time to perform. Who needs more questions when others are already asking the obvious - right? What prompted my response this time though is that your responses are loaded with platitudes and appear carefully wordsmithed - never really saying anything of substance regarding the actual questions being raised. I've been content waiting even longer for the reward from other Kickstarter projects, but as I previously mentioned, you guys are blowing it from an image/brand standpoint imo. Given your brand is all about security, this brings me to your next statement.... >>>The Vault password management system is merely a simple tool to store whatever passwords you'd like; it has no bearing on the CRXi Vault unit whatsoever but merely a convenient tool for all of our backers to enjoy<<< Thanks for this response - it's what I thought the system was all about and was a component of the reward I was looking forward to. That said, your credibility is a somewhat tarnished in my eyes for all the aforementioned reasons and since your brand/image is related to security, I'm less inclined to utilize this system - even if it is called a "vault". >>>With respect to the website: the entire site was implemented in HTML5 coding. We would recommend that you download the latest web browser (we use Firefox ourselves) and have not seen any issues from anyone else<<< Thanks - likely my issue then since I'm using an older gen of IE >>>Backers whom feel that they cannot wait any longer or feel we are not doing our absolute best to provide their duly-earned rewards may request a full refund without any questions asked. We hold no ill-will against such a request and indeed feel very honored for your initial and continued support. Such requests should be mailed directly at <email> whereby every request will be answered with directions for verification and finalization.<<< I hope this truly means that upon a backer's request, you are providing full refunds without any questions being asked, as opposed to "you may request a full refund without any questions asked". Of course I can request a full refund without any questions asked, but what I'm looking for is for Cryptrade to "answer" (ie: process) my full refund without any questions being asked (instead of "every request will be answered with directions for verification and finalization" - whatever that's suppose to mean). I am publicly taking you up on this offer and will be sending my official request to the email address provided upon the posting of this comment. I have tried to sign up for your Vault System but have received no response concerning this. I too would like to see actual product photos. My actual belief that there is an actual product and or service that you provide is diminishing day by day. I'd also add that 200 backers were picked to beta test the password management system, yet not one posted a word about it. @Cryptrade mentioned how he couldn't believe how many professional cryptographers were on board. Yet, not one comment on the test. That's unbelievable. The first tenant of a truly secure system is openness to scrutiny. Cryptrade Team I'm one of the early backers and haven't commented much myself here in order to give you guys the room/time to perform, but have to give a +1 to the recent posts from Sean, Tony, David and Baran. There's not too much more to say than what these guys are already telling you and in my personal/professional opinion, you guys are really blowing it from an image/brand perspective. Note there's no mention of how great the product may ultimately be - because none of that matters now. All that does matter at this point is your credibility and all you guys have done to allay the concerns many are expressing is to pour on the platitudes. While maybe none of this will ultimately matter to you if/once your product is sold through retail channels, as a backer I'd be remiss to not offer my opinion that this is really no way to build your brandname. If you understand anything about business and your original goal was to create an air of mystery surrounding the product release (ala Apple as someone mentioned in an earlier comment), this plan should have been immediately abandoned after your project was nearly derailed by your failure to identify a conflict with the name of your company/product (a major faux pas, not something "above and beyond our initial control") and your customers/backers began asking for some sort of photo evidence that the product existed after additional weeks of delays. Can you fault anyone for having questions/concerns that your words can not address? If there are any other reasons why you guys have simply refuse to post at least one of the photos being requested (remember, the update section is now privy only to the backers anyway), I think it would be as good a time as any to explain it to all the backers now in an update (not private emails, PM's...etc). If you weren't already aware, many project developers here that are competing for Kickstarter $$$ have even sought/received permission on their own accord to take photos from inside a manufacturing plant just so that they can demonstrate the building/assembly of their product to the backers. That is the level of involvement/excitement being created by your competition and it's here that you guys are falling completely flat - even if your product turns out to be as good as claim it will be. That out of the way, I have a few questions. Please explain this sentence from your latest update: "PCBA boards have been re-purchased and branded from scratch". This sounds like you're referring to the printer circuit board assembly - but why the need to repurchase and brand from scratch? Are you indicating that the name change impacted the circuit board? Please elaborate - whatever reason is driving this change. Please explain the password management system and how it relates to this product? Is this something users download onto their desktop, or an area of your website users would have to access? Is it something backers will need to log into in order to use the product as designed? The link to the cryptrade address provided in your update did not work. More importantly though, whenever I have visited your website, I get an error message "stack 16 overflow" and various areas of the site overlay the other, the video doesn't work....etc. It's been like that since the beginning of your project and I originally thought it was a glitch that would be fixed, but alas it still doesn't work. I don't have problems access any other websites, but is there a particular adjustment in my settings I need to make in order for your site to work properly? Please post some production pictures. All the comments will stop. S'il vous plait calmez-vous. Laissons leur le temps de finaliser nos commandes. Si fin mars nous n'avons rien reu  ce moment l il faudra se fcher. J'espre que l'envoi pour la France ne sera pas trop long. En tous cas bon courage  vous. Dsol de ne pas avoir crit en Anglais mais je n'en avait pas le courage aujourd'hui. Smoke and mirrors, thanks for the updated virtual images on the website! @Tony and Sean Here, Here! As I posted below, there is no possible way a "mid march" shipment could be met without the product already done. Yet no pictures, just a promise of shooting for mid march. Expect more platitudes, flowery language, promises and fluff. Thank you for the reply, but gobbledygook responses like "We are morally obligated to remain steadfast in our responsibilities and to remain transparent in our communication" do nothing to enhance your credibility. That's the kind of "baffle them with B.S" misdirection that "3 Card Monty" and "Shell Game" operators employ. Please, stick to direct responses without the huxter flare. If you guys are truly going to deliver in mid March (of 2012!) then there has to be something to show your marks, er, investors. Absent of some concrete photographic evidence, I think it is time to pull the plug and investigate refund options before it is too late. Can you please give me a valid reason why a picture of the actual product has not been posted if you have overcome the delays. I feel you are giving us a lot of the same responses, but simply just re-worded. So please don't respond with a cookie cutter "thank you for your patience" message unless you can answer my question without deflecting. When I zoom in on Crypteks, Inc. address, a big balloon shows up saying "Honey Baked Ham". lol How appropriate. Mid March is a week away. The only way they could ship is if the units were already done. No picture = vaporware. at this point i would like to make a comment, i have also along with many others been patiently waiting however i think there is something wrong here, firstly many other kickstarter projects post manufacturing processes, detailed images of prototypes and products being made etc etc. I know that you guys are trying the "apple" approach as you have mentioned, and this makes me think, well i guess they dont want us to see until it has been released, but this poses another problem, apple is a trusted seller who has been around many years and gained the trust of its customers, whereas we know pretty much nothing about crypteks and would very much appreciate some images videos or what not. I mean if you had simply posted one image of a completed/half completed product about half the comments on this page would not exist. You have to build trust first to be able to pull off these kind of things. Regards, Baran I would like to know a status since I have not really received any word on the actual production of the physical product nor any emails concerning updates. Last update was end of January and no word during the month of February. Looking forward to the update. But I am curious if you have a date besides mid-march I've been pretty patient this whole time, but I can't shake the feeling now that I'm in the middle of being ripped off. I understand the setbacks and delays, but there hasn't been an official update in over a month. If progress is being made, why aren't there pictures? Come on, show us SOMETHING. Otherwise this is really beginning to look like a con job. This update you mention sounds like the mother of all updates! Wohoo! Soon o_o I for one have every confidence in you guys. I hope this drive is something I can show everyone and they will want one too. Do we have a date yet?? Please post an update. Even if you don't have much to say so it's completely clear to everyone where they stand in regards to the product. Comment's are nice but you shouldn't make everyone read through the entire comments thread to figure out what's going on. I've just checked my mail box. Still no Crypteks USB....continue waiting this March madness. Will any sort of manual be included with the device? For changing the outer ring(even if it is simple) and stuff like that? lol!!! A picture is worth a thousand platitudes. VAPORWARE!!! "The majority of our backers are looking for the most exceptional quality from the device and we're doing everything we can to make sure the end result will be BETTER than expected :)" Anything less than the computer generated images would be a great disappointment after the constant buildup. How could it be any BETTER? Encrusted with diamonds, milled out of platinum, lol! Over a month no update! Still no clue when will be deliverd! I am starting to think you guys are enjoying some cocktails at the beach with my money! The last Update was a month ago - I suspect you could have saved a lot of time answering questions here if you had issued an update. By the time people have to come hunting for information they'll be in "I paid for this" mode and you'll get grief. You guys do a great job! Hope you work out the problems soon, so we can get it shipped:) Can't wait to get this gadget! Update #22 Says "We're most likely looking at a mid March ETA" Any updates on that??? This user's account has been deleted. @whichever name you guys are using. Announce a ship date...pretty simple. Instead of a "major update soon" let's just skip the dramatics and ship the product we paid for. You guys look like fools. You didn't bother to do an name search ahead of time and now it makes me wonder just how good the product I paid for will be. You guys (Crypteks) are slipping back into radio silence mode... @Crypteks Aww that's a shame. =( as fir the Pass system, cool! Thanks! Hope you have one for those android users. @Crypteks So do you guys have a new name for the devices yet? And is there a mobile weof version of the password management system? What about a smart phone app? Really wish the complainers would shut up. Obviously have no understanding of the spirit of Kickstarter which is to help projects like this "Get started" it is not an order form where your item is sitting in a warehouse on a shelf waiting to be delivered. There have been some setbacks, so what? Thats why it is a "Startup".... If you wanted a USB Drive so urgently you should have driven to Target and pick up a piece of junk for $20. Quit acting like a baby and grow up a little. You are wasting the developers time replying to you when they could be working on the project. If you couldn't afford to part ways with your money... then you shouldn't have gotten involved in a "Startup" project to begin with. They have been more than forthcoming with information and updates. Stupid generation of "Fast Food" service thinks everything is "Thank you drive thru" and pick it up at the window. Have a little patience. Crypteks team. Keep up the good work and ignore the haters they aren't worth the time or energy. @Crypteks, I'm really glad to hear that! It would be a drag to have to start all over again. Good luck! <url>"allow us to phase out the current name" Does that mean some of us will get the product as an ultra collector with the original branding? Any ETA for shipment? Is there any update on whats going on with the court case and when will teh USB's be shipped? Just wondering bause the last update was on January the 20th. @Crypteks - I received your reply to my anxious questions via email, and like @Guillaume will say that my confidence has been fully restored and will wait patiently (and eagerly too!) for further updates from the team. I strongly recommend everyone give them some time to sort things out. Good luck to Crypteks! (or [insert name] when that changes.) ;) Hi, when will the Amazon Payments API be available in order to do modifications? Still waiting on a response to a suggestion email I sent on Monday I think. It's something I think you guys might like to share with the rest of your backers. @Crypteks A picture is worth a thousand words! @Vanes I've asked about a picture several times. Here is the answer from @Crypyeks 1) Prototype units will not be shown on Kickstarter until they are fully assembled (our units are made with several parts and we don't really want them floating around till they are in the hands of our backers). This will probably be up to 10 days before they are shipped. We'd love to share the process with our backers and will do so when appropriate. We will have to wait. I'm still confident that Crypteks will deliver a great product,and i don't think that requesting a refund is going to help...but i can certainly understand why one would do so. I don't mind waiting until March as i considered the given estimated delivery date improbable from the beginning(no offense,but having worked in the manufacturing field for a while i knew that this was one of the worst period of the year due to the Chinese New Year festivities). I also knew the Bitwize studio was located in Lebanon prior to the funding but i didn''t see the problem with it(they were quite straightforwad as to the involvement of Bitwize and SlingshotPDG in this project) What i don't like are statements like this one: -Crypteks Inc. on December 6- "Sounds like a great idea Jerry! Thanks for the suggestion! @JJ We're still on track for an end-of-the-month ship date ;) Thanks guys!" Even with the added hassle of the naming issue you should have a couple prototypes lying around by now and i don't think that there would be any legal problems with taking a photo and blanking the infringing tradermark.If there are NOT any prototypes at this stage just say so,i won't be withdrawing my support to this project based on the lack of prototypes. I have added <email> to the whitelist and i don't have RBL lookup or AV scanning enabled so it should get trough,but i think that a response to my questions should also be posted here as it would be beneficial and informative to all backers. :) Thanks,have a nice day @Crypteks Email received and replied. Thank you for being attentive to my problem, and now I give all my trust in your project. I also invite those who are waiting for information from @Crypteks to do the same, the beginnings of a project are always difficult, and I will admit that a project of this magnitude encounters unforeseen difficulties. Thank you again for your speed @Crypteks. @Crypteks But that's my point  all we have until this point is your assurances and promises. Maybe post an image of these units you've milled, and place a big black box over the Crypteks logo. It would remove all doubt in your credibility. @Crypteks Always nothing, I receive hundred of professional/important emails per day on this box and not yours ? Are you sure your mail server is working correctly ? Please, try to use another email if you're not sure, because it's a bad situation for me. @Crypteks I really think you're missing the point. Whether you WANT to give a refund or not is beside the point  if you cannot deliver a product, and cannot even prove the product exists, you are engaging in fraud. Prove the product exists and give us a solid delivery deadline, or refund our money. It's that simple. @Crypteks You can resend your initial reply, I'll check directly on my web client instead of my Mail application. Waiting for your sending confirmation ;) Thanks for your quick reply in comments :) @Crypteks We cannot do much in the ways of monetary refunds?? That's fine, your response has been noted and included in my complaint to Amazon. To everybody else here, I'd suggest doing the same thing, Amazon are bound by their A-to-Z guarantee to crack down on companies charging your card then not only failing to deliver the product, but refusing to even show evidence that said product exists. The wallet talks louder than the Kickstarter comments page, let me assure you. @Crypteks "Unfortunately Kickstarter is set up in a way that once we receive funding and receive payment from Amazon, we cannot do much in the ways of monetary refunds." Why don't you honor @RyanMoore's request and send his money back via Paypal. You have his email. I don't mind waiting, I can afford it. Maybe he can't. If the money is committed to production, there should be prototypes strewn all over the China countryside by now. "As for photos of prototypes..." You got an award for design and you can't Photoshop out a trademark and logo from a photo. That's BS! I say again, if there is no prototype, just say so. That's all people want to know. @RyanMoore See my post below yours. Looks like this company is really located in Lebanon. Good luck getting your money back. I have submitted a request for a refund to no avail, and have now submitted a complaint on Amazon Payments. I refuse to fund your project whilst you sort out legal issues. Once sorted, I'd be delighted to buy your product, but until then you need to sort your house out on your own expense, not mine. @Crypteks Your post, again, tells me little. How about a picture of an actual prototype. If there isn't one, just say so. Others have asked for this with no response. The only updates I receive are copies of the ones on kickstarter.com which was a week ago. I don't get two emails a week with updates. Does anybody else? 200 people are in the beta program. Could just one post something? By the way, where are you going to produce the device. Your kickstarter address lists Bloomfiled, MI but your linkin profile places you in Lebanon. You have one employee called Fadi Badawi who's location is listed in Lebanon. Your web registration is also in Lebanon. I'd ask for this information via email, but your response would probably get lost in my junk mail filters like @Guillaume and @Vanes. @Crypteks I've just send my 3rd message to <email> since 23th December. Waiting for a reply :) I couldn't agree more with @Yuhann and @John. @Crypteks writes very well and apologizes for all the delays, but provides very little else. I back four other projects and each of them lists an actual name and pictures of products in development. @Vanes below hasn't gotten an answer to an email sent a month ago? Come on, that's poor support. I see the Crypteks web site is still up. I guess you ARE NOT complying with the cease and desist order. Please, please, please post an update at least once a week. I don't think anyone wants anymore apologies. Tell us what is going on. I've been watching the comments & updates, and have started to swing towards the other side of the fence as the owners conitnue to break their promises with updates, etc., @John & others who complained - totally agree with the lack of communication and promise breaking. @Crypteks - I understand there are unforeseeable reasons that may cause delays, and everything takes times. However, if you look at the promises you have broken since the 22/Dec don't you think it's a bit ridiculous? If you say you're going to do something within 48 hours, you do it. If you can't do it, at the very least you could let people know there's a delay. I'm sure most if not all backers will be fine with that. The last thing you'd want to see is a $0 bank account, a litigation bill of $50k plus a bad name for yourself right? So the 48 hours ended.. about 48 hours ago. How many people made it to phase 1 beta? Are there any screenshots available? Part of the reason for Kickstarter to exist is for people to watch how the creation process goes. Most other kickstarters I've followed have included photos of test products, videos (with people!), screenshots of applications, demos. I know you're in some heat with the lawyers, but at least you can provide more updates here and there. You guys may be a small company, but you DO owe the backers explanations and updates. It's REALLY not that hard to update at least once a day about stuff, even if it's just "Hello, nothing new here!". I mean, how long does it take to post up a blurb on progress? Just a few minutes. You have nearly a thousand people who are waiting for this product; don't let them down. Can someone who was drafted for the beta access and is actually testing the Password Management System provide some feedback and maybe post a screenshot of the interface? Also,still waiting for a mail from Crypteks answering the questions i sent a month ago. :P I agree with @Larry McClenon. An announced delay of 3 months that was announced only after payment was received from all of your investors smells a bit fishy. This potentially puts refunds well out of our grasp in the event that (hypothetically) things continue to go wrong and devices aren't delivered. Obviously we were told that this was out of the project founders' control (I'm hesitant to call them anything but that anymore, since their name is in jeopardy also). I'm also going to continue to give the project founders the benefit of the doubt, but the lack of communication on progress and a backup plan is wearing this thin. It has also been 9-10 days since they mentioned "We're going to be posting something on our website so you guys can all give us your input!" as far as a new or lack of product name put on the device. I've yet to see anything on the official website or kickstarter project page related to this. Are the lawyers preventing you from doing this also? Oh, on the subject of the lawyers... I sent them a nice email thanking them for delaying and stifling American Innovation. They haven't responded yet, so they obviously don't disagree. --- To sum this up, some things that might help everyone: a) communicate updates or lack of updates to your investors better. Silence usually means you're frantically trying to keep the ship from sinking. b) fulfill the deadlines you present us in a timely fashion, preferably at or before the deadline. c) consider and if necessary, involve your investors of a backup plan ASAP.--- Thanks! Well, I haven't made a single comment until this point, I feel compelled to do so now. Although you did give us update 24, would you mind letting us know what is going on with the name issue? How about a 1 a week update, even to say "still talking to lawyers" Whenever lawyers are involved it might be months to a year to get resolution. Do you have a backup plan or a dead line by which you will 'punt' and do something to take care of your backers? I have given you my money in good faith, you should at least give timely updates to the situation. Keeping your investors in the dark is always a bad business plan. This user's account has been deleted. 24 hours have come and gone. Someone forgot to flip the switch? Thought there was going to be an update sent out? I have yet to receive an answer to the questions i sent you guys;it's already been 10 days. :( Btw is the Password Management still scheduled to go live today? @BrentMills: Software and firmware can be changed by an update. What's physically printed or etched on the hardware cannot. I fear, based on a lack of communication and feedback from the people with our moneys, they aren't willing to do a solution that benefits us backers and that we're stuck waiting for them to pull their siht together with the lawyers long before we will see our devices. December 2011, right? Oh wait, March. Long after we're able to do a chargeback or fraudulent charge claim. I have to agree, but I'm sure the software portion has the name written somewhere. It might not be immediately visible, but would still put them in a bit of hot water. :-/ Whatever you guys decide on, I'm looking forward to the official launch! Thanks for the update. Sorry for your legal problems. Looking forward to a Mid March Launch. Steven If we're taking a vote, I also think Sasha has a good idea.... and agree with Luc's followup. I like that idea, it's make the device even more secure as ppl would have no clue about what it is :) I like Sasha's idea. Without a name on the packaging, the logo would probably not mean much to lawyers. (Unless they are claiming copyright infringement on the logo too, in which case i would get suspicious.) Besides, i really like the idea of having an "extremely limited edition" if you decide to change the logo later. I have an idea that would be a lot cooler than making everyone wait till March and paying a bunch of lawyers to twiddle their thumbs and do the things lawyers do: How about just un-branding the first round of devices. That way you wouldn't have to delay the whole process by trying to come up with a new name, logo (hard to imagine the lawyers disliked the logo as well as the name) etc. etc. The backers would win because we would get our flash drives in a reasonable amount of time. You'd win because the backers would be happy and it would hopefully keep a bit of extra cash in your pockets. Also, I bet that a large majority of the backers wouldn't mind if the drives came in a padded envelope or other basic, generic packaging. Packaging is used to sell and protect items, but it goes right in the trash. Why waste time and money on it when you've already sold the product? I'm very excited for the product and hope things get worked out soon. It's just a shame that as with many things, lawyers are to blame for these delays. I've had a couple of emails back and forth with the developers. They are doing a terrific job, and we shouldn't forget that aside from dealing exceedingly promptly with our emails, they're also busy sorting out permissions, sorting out money, and sorting out the production process (and who knows what else). They deserve a ton of support, and I really hope that their experience with this particular project will not put them off - it would be a shame if the Crypteks USB ended up being a one-off. I can understand why they have to be very careful about what they post, publicly, about what's been going on. Just as I can understand why their time has been taken up behind-the-scenes. Kickstarter isn't about just pledging money - it's about pledging support also. I'm not going to withdraw that support just because I go a week without news. We should give them some breathing space - I can only imagine how difficult these past two or three weeks have been. Of course, once things return to normal, I too hope to see occasional updates on the production process (I backed the CloudFTP project and it was terrific fun to see photos of the assembly process!). But for now, I am happy to sit back and enjoy the anticipation. So by my math Crypteks has about 1066 units sold at an average cost of $184.24. It would be great if you could provide us with a production timeline that includes manufacturing sourcing, raw material sourcing, manufacturing, packaging and delivery. The first two should have been done months ago and you should be well into the manufacturing phase. Please dont update us with a Were on it or some other vague reply. Even with the complex manufacturing (aluminum milling) costs these thing should run between $25 to $50 (cost) tops and allow you to create a semi-continuous production run. You should be using some off the shelf USB memory stick that fits your specs; so my bet is the production run is short enough you are finding it hard get a manufacturer that can make the thing in a cost effective manner. Most memory sticks have production runs in the tens of thousands if not hundreds of thousands. Your product is a clever idea but seems to run short on the economy of scale side of thing but maybe thats the problem with kickstarter Please prove me wrong and tell me you're shipping next week. Thanks Steven Supporters Units Total 145 1 145 365 1 365 252 1 252 32 2 64 58 2 116 17 2 34 11 5 55 10 1 10 1 25 25 Total 1066 Too close to en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptek would explain it. If "Cryptek" has a problem with "Crypteks" then it's presence on the device could land them in legal hot water. Guys, I mirror some of the other comments. We know you are squirrelling away getting manufacturing underway but can you come up for air at least every few days or so and give us an update? At this point i would love to see an update addressing the manufacturing process and where we stand . I have sent 2 emails that have gone unanswered. As i already said i don't mind waiting for the crypteks and delays can happen,BUT one of the bonus and most appealing features of kickstarter is that we get to see the journey from proof of concept to finished product ,so an update would be great. I also have some questions: Is the AES encryption implemented in CBC or XTS mode? Is the drive itself filled with epoxy to prevent access to the security controller? Are there any chances to see at least a photo of a prototype drive(assuming one does exist)? Thanks @Crypteks Again you're welcome guys. =D When you get a chance I would really love a response to my questions I emailed you guys I think like right after Christmas. Thanks guys! Hello and congratulations to the team behind the project Crypteks. I must admit I was charmed and I could not resist the temptation to give a modest boost to your project so that it can become a reality, and you can invoke the double rainbow rainbow and unicorns dancing. It is with pleasure that I support your work, and I'll wait patiently for the different updates of the project. Remember to notify us of the departure of several emails to the collection of information (Sponsor and Enterprise) of the persons concerned, so that this does not cause further delay for your work and make it more friendly than the scan over the comments. #lostemail #oblivion #unlucky Happy New Year to you and thank you again for this wonderful project you have developed. Happy to give you guys support. You deserve it. Great product and I'm excited! This user's account has been deleted. You guys really should be more understanding. During the campaign to raise funds I had communication with the Crypteks team over several days and they aren't BSing any one. They really do care about quality, and they really do want us to be satisfied. They may not even have received the money yet from Kickstarter/Amazon payments. Yes it would seem that they "jumped the gun" a bit with their estimated delivery date being December but I assure you they do care and although it may take sometime to get a response from them, when they do reply they usually answer your questions. This user's account has been deleted. WTF is wrong with you Mark???? I am sorry to burst your bubble but you have unreasonable expectations. As Craig Dunn already said,they probably don't even have our money yet despite our CCs have already been charged. from the kickstarter FAQ: "Amazon will hold funds for 14 days after payments are collected. Once this hold is released, project creators can transfer funds to their bank account (which can take up to 5 business days)." Before backing something please,please,READ how kickstarter works. That being said they probably were a little "overly optimistic" in their delivery estimation and I also would like to know if there is a physical prototype at this time. Take your time guys,i expect the crypteks will be of and astounding quality,and i personally don't care if i get it in a month or two. oh btw i found this for you tin foil hats :P <url>"tentative shipment date Dec/Jan XX" update would be enough to satisfy everybody imo... Anyhow, I'm done whining... For the record, I think the Crypteks team is doing a good job, I'm just too impatient to get my unit and not knowing what's going on is torture :-) And sorry @Craig, I didn't mean to be so agressive... I realize that I have been spoiled by two very good projects on Kickstarter, I guess I have unreasonable expectations (like to-the-second live updates) when I get really excited about a product... I'm not sure how much more communication is required...particularly in this time of limbo where they are limited in what they can and can't do without access to the funds. They have posted 20 updates and, out of 115 comments, 33 of those were from the project owners. That's more than 25% of the comments coming from them in response to backers. There are other projects that, along their entire lifespan (meaning through final delivery of all rewards), don't have that much communication. In fact, the Crypteks guys are some of the MOST communicative out of all the projects I've backed...other projects can go 2-4 WEEKS or more without an update. For the record, my comments were not directed at any individual but more a blanket generalization according to what I'm seeing in this and other projects. If you want to see how people can sabotage a project by a lack of understanding of how things work, just look at the recent update for the MobileMount project by JR Sanchez... Not sure if it's backer only or not...but the gist is that 20 people filed a dispute that they hadn't received their mounts the day the funding ended when the Estimated Delivery was clearly marked as Jan 2012. Obviously, Amazon investigated and saw what a sham that was and removed the hold they had placed on the entire funding...but a lack of understanding had the potential to put the whole project in jeporady and derail the schedule. I'm attempting to avoid that situation here by trying to clarify some things that not everyone knows. @Craig: thanks for the patronizing lecture... Most of us here know what Kickstarter is about... My issue here is about communication. I don't care if I get my unit in 2 months. I just want the project team to *let me know* it will ship in 2 months... By my count, they have pledges for AT LEAST 1,139 units (could be up to another 50 or so based on the money total). There are two capacities, two colors and a serialized set to deal with. I believe they mentioned only expecting 75 or so at the beginning. This has been a smash hit! This has got to be a lot to get produced. I have other projects that ended a little while ago and have not even asked for shipping information. I look forward to this, but I went into Kickstarter knowing that I was not going to walk out with an item tomorrow. It will get here and I would rather have it be great than rushed together. Wow...the level of complaining is absurd. Regardless of what has been implied regarding production and delivery schedules, the fact is: Cryptek's does NOT have any of your pledges yet. Some of you think they start receiving money once they surpass the GOAL. This is not the case. In fact, none of you were even charged until the END of the funding campaign....which was 4 whole days ago. Even when the campaign ends and you are charged, the project owner does not receive access to ANY of those funds for 14-21 DAYS after the campaign ends. This means it could be the middle of January before they receive a dime. On top of that, many of you did not follow the instructions for adding shipping and there are a number of people who had their pledges declined when Amazon Payments attempted to charge you. This causes further delays for everybody. Note that I said "Amazon PAYMENTS" and not "amazon.com" since Kickstarter is about funding an idea and a process, not a shopping site where you purchase off-the-shelf goods. If your expectation was the latter, you should have read the Kickstarter terms, rules, FAQ's, etc. prior to pledging. There seems to be a plethora of people with unrealistic/unwarranted expectations on Kickstarter lately...with people actually filing disputes with Kickstarter/Amazon Payments against projects because they did not receive their rewards on the day the campaign ended. This is ridiculous on so many levels. The only thing this serves is to put a hold on ALL funds for the project and delay the overall schedule. If YOU were selling a good or service, would you send it or provide it without receiving payment? Would you absorb the shipping cost that your customer didn't pay? If you were to ask people to back a new invention so you could make it a reality, would you be able to make it a reality without that backing? In most cases, no. That's the point of Kickstarter -to provide crowd micro funding so a project owner can develop an idea from concept through production/implementation. If they had the money in the first place, they wouldn't be here on Kickstarter. So, my point is.....calm down. This is not a simple process. They don't have your money yet. Some of you still need to provide shipping after-the-fact. Some of you need to address invalid cards, insufficient funds, etc. I'm sure Crytpek's will provide some updated delivery timelines soon (which, I will agree, should never have been set to an ESTIMATED delivery of December given the way Kickstarter releases funds - that was a mistake any young company could make and should be a "lesson learned")...but I have absolutely NO expectations that someone is going to ship me something prior to them having been paid. Just because the project owner's set some overly aggressive timetables, I don't want them sending out unpolished, poorly designed, unfinished, defective junk just to pacify vocal people who don't understand how Kickstarter works. There are some projects that are over a year behind schedule...in this case, we MIGHT be talking about weeks or a month or so off of the original guesstimate. Please take a deep breath, give these guys a break over things that they don't control, and let this process play out as it is meant to. At this point, there is NOTHING to worry or complain about. I've backed 82 projects and I can certainly point to a few projects where **** is actually warranted. This is not one of those. @Gerry: According to their comments on Nov 27, 2 days before the project got funded: "We will begin manufacturing immediately after we meet our goal (and before the end of the campaign). We are still on schedule for a Christmas launch! As for designing, we are fine tweaking accessories at the moment :) but the Crypteks USB itself is 100% ready." Now that they sent the survey, they get a few brownie points... Taking care of payment issues for some doesn't excuse keeping everybody in the dark. If they chose an agressive schedule, they should have planned resources accordingly... This is an existing company at work, not a shmo in his garage... I support this project but the lack of updates has been a bit frustrating. Hope to have news regarding shipping... Will it be sent via courrier or regular for international shipping? I am currently in China and am concerned about my cryptecs being stolen for someone else's chinese new years present. Happy holidays! @Marc - hey. Give them some leeway. There's a lot of work they have to do behind the scenes. And then there's the setting up of the infrastructure to actually build the Crypteks. As someone who's recently started a business, I can assure you, this is no mean feat. And at Xmas everything shuts down... so *they* may hit the ground running, but no one else is running! (The world doesn't stop for babies, but much of the world does, regrettably, stop for Xmas). @Kevin - I'd advise reposting/sending your question. Aside from all the questions here, they'll be dealing with many other folks too. It's easy to miss something. And for the record, this is only my 2nd comment posted here (my first was merely to point out that I was backer #666 (sign of the devil, and all that). But these guys are giving a lot of pleasure to the rest of us. Let's cut them some slack for that, and for all the hard work that it takes to translate an idea into a real product. All the best to everyone for the holiday season! Go Crypteks. Raaaah. Get my shipping survey to, now just waiting to get it asap. Just got my shipping survey... I am happy. I've been waiting for any response to my question from the first week of backing. Not much of a show when they say they'll have a response VERY soon (on December 2nd). Sorry but I don't feel much sympathy for these guys right now... They set the end date of their project to be Dec 22 and claimed a delivery in December. Now it's radio silence... Holidays shmolidays. They knew weeks ago this was going to be a smash hit. I mean they were 900% halfway through... Why can't they - at the very least - send the surveys?? When Peter Dering funded his Capture clip 3000% with over 5000 backers, he hit the ground running despite the birth of his first daughter... When you start a Kickstarter project, and you see it becomming a huge success, you have to plan for it... or at least update your backers... No news in 4 days is unacceptable... It's the holidays everyone don't worry give them some time It is Christmas everyone! Perhaps they will get to us in the upcoming business week. 989 backers is way more than this was originally set for. This is 16x the planned level by %. Impressive. Give them time. Got an email saying I was charged but when I checked my card I actually wasn't. Never got a form requesting shipping details. Failed production? I haven't yet received any e-mails requesting a delivery address, but my credit card was charged. Maybe the holiday delayed things? Any images of the completed product? Nope, I didn't get any form for shipping, did anyone get? Did anybody got a link or any sort of information about the form for shipping information? Hey guys any idea on how soon we'll get them? Nos it over. How to modify for ad the 15$? Super!!! Congratulations Crypteks :) @Nick Dechert - just to add to what the Crypteks team responded with... The $1 or more pledge only gets you the password management system, the dub-step mix, and their mega gratitude. The minimum pledge to receive any actual Crypteks hardware device is $130. As far as I can see, the 4 gigabyte version is not being offered as part of this campaign (not in the reward tiers at all), despite it being mentioned on the project page in the specifications table. Hope that clarifies your specific questions. @vincent - you will need to change your pledge to be $215 if you want your reward shipped internationally, it is far easier to do this before the campaign ends by using the blue Manage Your Pledge button and changing the total to 215.00 while leaving the reward tier (the radio buttons) as-is...in other words, don't touch the part that indicates you selected the $200 reward - only increase/modify the total to $215.00 near the top of the page after you clicked that blue button. Do not set it to just $15 thinking that it will add to your previous pledge. It will actually decrease your total to $15. You only will get charged ONCE and that is at the time the project funding closes (roughly 3 hours from now). You will not be charged separately or double by updating your pledge, so make sure that amount field contains the full amount you are pledging plus the shipping altogether. I cannot stress this enough as it's one of the most confusing aspects of Kickstarter for international backers and trying to coordinate shipping AFTER the project ends is a PAIN. You will no longer be able to Manage Your Pledge...the button goes away...and the project creator will have to set up a Paypal (or similar) account to collect and track your shipping separately in a spreadsheet or non-Kickstarter database. This adds administrative overhead that could impact the overall project completion timeline and delivery schedule. We certainly don't want to add any undue burden to the Crypteks guys. :-) Hope that helps, This user's account has been deleted. Are these products going to be available after the kickstarter launch? (Could we buy these later?) Dang. If I had the money I'd give $150, but I have next to none right now. Hopefully after Christmas I'll have enough to buy one :D *For if they do I have a question. I just registered here to back this product, and I want to know, for the people who pledge $1 or more, do they receive the 4GB version, or only the password management system and dubstep song? Just curious, as if they do (or even do not) I still plan on buying the 16 GB model later. How "special" is the Special Edition Cryptex Black going to be? Will there be no option for buying a black Cryptex after the Kickstarter campaign? Is there an option to turn of the hardware encryption sometimes so it only have a physical lock for times when you are mainly on machines that don't allow executables to be run? When will shipping information be requested? 61 hours... Seems like such a long time. I remember this project all the way at 41 backers. Wow. Is the shipping timeline still the same? Hi, i am from UAE and i have pledged $146, i hope that takes care of the shippig cost as i was suppose topay $135, but however i was not asked by amazon or something to pay extra for the shipment. Awaiting further clarification from your side. Regards Kewal What exactly is "Crypteks password management system"? I've only seen it mentioned in passing on your kickstarter page, and its not present at all on your website. For some reason Amazon didn't detect that my pledge was from Europe and I didn't add the ammount for the International shipping. I still can;t find a way to change my pledge and add the shipping costs, allthough I followed the instructions given at the FAQ. I think others as well are facing the same problem. Need some help with it. Thanks I'm now curious about the keychain for the usb pendrive. Do we have to pay extra for it or it'll come together with our pendrive? I'm hoping it's the latter :) FInally figured it out and upgraded my support to the ultra nifty stealth black. Whoop! I have pledged for a black version, but am interested in having three black ones, two as presents. is it possible to pledge for this now, or will these be available for sale after the initial project completes? Thnak you. I probably should have been smart enough to figure out about the adjusting, and international-ness... Je poste juste un commentaire pour dire un grand merci pour ce formidable projet ! Je suis press de recevoir mon cryptex ! Et un grand merci d'envoyer  l'international car en France on arrive pas toujours  recevoir les produits innovants ! Is there an updated shipping estimate? Has anyone received a request for their delivery information? I have several ssd level USB drives, rare ones that are not made anymore. I suppose it's too much to ask about performance since read and write speeds can be meaningless without some idea of iops performance. @Kevin Chen - I think the primary focus of this product is it's security capability. Even with hardware-based encryption, you are going to take a performance hit above and beyond straight reads/writes. If you are looking for performance, you will want a USB 3.0 unencrypted drive from Kingston or Patriot... I have several of the 128 gigabyte versions and they are blazing fast. Given that the capacities are relatively low for the Crypteks and that the main focus is mechanical and digital security of the data, I doubt you will find any IOPS metrics satisfactory if those are the most important criteria to your needs. They have already provided read and write speeds on the main project page and you can surmise the relative performance based on what you know of other flash drives which publish similar types of data. For those reading this that have no idea what we're talking about and want to put your geek hat on, here's a little background: <url>#666 - I should have pledged $200 for the black edition... [How] can I upgrade my support from the $160 level to the $200 level ? Black ++ Hi, I was wondering what sort of anodizing/hardness you will be using for both the silver and black. Is the black version going to be anodized or PVD coated? Mainly curious how it will wear. Also, is it safe to assume that the rings and parts will be interchangeable between silver and black models so the end user could mix and match for a customized look? Thanks! Hello, Would you consider having a Special Edition Black in the 8GB model? As an international backer and a person who doesn't require a larger capacity, I would be interested in this. Cheers, WH from Australia Love the red index dots and the font on the combination rings - very Leica-esque. I'm curious if higher capacity replacement usb sticks are planned for the future so we can re-use our shells, but upgrade to 32 or 64 gb versions later? 6 figures looks like a sure thing now! Thanks for making a black one :) Hi guys Wow. Can't wait. Can I make another special backer request? The black looks fantastic. So does the silver. Could you make a mixed pair purchase option please? Thanks CT Australia This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I am amazed at the surge that has come in the past day or so. It is awesome to see it work out so well. I have read some of the comments on the other sites and it seems that some are just negative nellys. There are at least 389 (and counting) who believe in it. I think there are some that forget that this is a product launch and that the line can be expanded later. Good work guys! Let's aim for 1,000% Hey Crypteks Crew, Do you have any images of the keychain hook? Will you make a new end cap that has a hook on it?, Is it going to be on the USB stick itself? Just found out about this and registered right away to become a backer! I better get my Crypteks as my New Year present :) Oh, the URL for the DVICE article is: <url>"secure" information I would love to know it's also with me everywhere I go. Unfortunately, there is no information about IOPS performance in the published specs. IOPS in a fuzzy layman's way refers to how many instructions per second a drive can handle, where 1,000 4k files would test IOPS performance more than a single 4mb file. Will the Crypteks USB have a password management feature similar to the one used by IronKey? If not, are there any plans for embedded software in future releases? Really good answer! it would be very cool of you guys could test to get out the usb key from the case, just to find out how hard it is:) it would be fun to know:) and again, tnx for a good answer:) Is it true that the Crypteks isnt tamper-proof? That would be the killer feauture to be honest! if not why isnt it? Congrats on reaching the goal. Great idea and terrific design - had to get one and push you over the funding goal - congrats! I cant wait! to get this:) Almost there....$11,939... Can the Log-in screen be generated on a computer which doesn't allow foreign exes to be run ( i.e. public computers which don't allow you to run programs)? Thank you for the reply, that should work well. Will the optical drive part be writable after unlocking? And may I ask about the IOPS performance of the controller? how does the software encryption/login work on different systems? i personally use mac os x. Are these ready to be made after you raised enough money or are you still in the process of designing them still? Another question, will there be a hole to attach it to keychains? That'll be really useful I actually have a quick question, is it tamper-proof like IronKey? As in, if I sawed and drilled to extract the chip inside, is there some sort of countermeasures? The idea of carrying around a lockable / encrypted device that is large enough to install an operating system to & hold some files is incredibly attractive. I would pre-order this if it were a 64 or 128GB; but 4GB is significantly undersized for a product of this nature