Ondrej and Naheem - this project finished shipping over two years ago and we have taken down our system for fulfilling the orders - please email us with your Name and Address at support at digistump dot com and we will try to track down your order and replace it. @Kashan - responded via private message with another way to send payment. Francesco - please send us an email at <email> and we will check into it and find a solution. Matthew - one non-Digispark one coming in the next month or so, and then the Digispark Plus - now being called the Digispark Squared/DigiSquare soon after that! Stay tuned! If you haven't yet check out our new webstore too: <url>"40w" Hobby Laser - $3500 Shenhui SH-G350 60w Laser - about $3500 including air freight and import fees. If you want something that will work out of the box I would have recommended the 5th Gen, but I'm hearing lots of mixed feedback on the build quality of them and while the design is very innovative they are made with the same imported power supplies found in chinese lasers. Ours was built well, took a lot of time to align because of a few build/design flaws, but overall was a pleasant experience to get working. It is, however, very slow and it turns out it is actually a 30 or 35w "40w peak" - it is appropriate for hobby use, but due to the slow speed even in hobby use it doesn't cut as cleanly and it stinks because the plastic heats up so much in cutting. The software deserves the praise it gets for getting started quickly with any program, since it is a print driver, though it is still buggy. We'll likely sell this one at some point. The Shnehui is an awesome machine -it weights over 300lbs (the 5th Gen is about 40lbs) and the build quality is actually very nice. Everything is built for commercial use and it comes not quite completely assembled - meaning you have to install the laser tube and generally clean everything up and tighten everything. It took several solid days of time to get up and running. The software is badly translated but we found our way through it in a few hours. The import process can be long, both in that they take awhile to ship and then freight forward it - and that it will sit in customs while the FDA approves it. This is the one that had a defective tube that burst recently - so we were out another $277 for shipping of the replacement. If you are willing to get your hands dirty this is an truly powerful machine built like a tank. We wish we bought this from the start due to the large volume we ended up needing to cut (we bought the full spectrum before we had all the case orders in). We'll likely keep this one and maybe get a second one of these. Speed comparison: One panel of 12 green cases (so 12 halves of a case order, since the other half of the parts are clear): 5th Gen: About One hour, 45 minutes. Shenhui: About 17 minutes. Software: 5th Gen - Full Spectrum RetinaEngrave print driver Shenhui - LaserWorkV6 Thanks for all the kind words everyone! About 500 Kickstarter orders to go! @Mark - you can buy them now at <url>"Estiamte delivery" dates are only estimates we make before backing starts (so our estimates were based on 1,000 units and we couldn't change them after it started). We've provided updates and a shipping queue to keep backers aware of when their order will ship, as accurately as we can. That said, if you'd like to contact me at support at digistump dot com I'd be happy to find a solution - we don't want to leave anyone disappointed! FYI: The second laser cutter is back up so case orders should not longer get delayed as we get back up to speed on cutting - the larger laser that is now back up cuts cases 8 times faster than the smaller one, so it was a big hit to have it down! @Matthew - yours will go out today! I'm just finishing up my day job and then I'll start shipping - most shipping happens after about 6pm Pacific @Fabian - so our postal service is telling us that we only need to attach the invoice if it is shipped Priority mail and it is not needed for first class mail. Is that incorrect? Thanks for the heads up - we'll look into how we can do this or the rest of the packages going to Germany. If you need an invoice to give customs there is a link to view your invoice on the order status page. @DAG - it was the ventilation system on the big one - so not the laser's fault. @Daniel - just packed yours personally! @Frank - thanks for letting us know, good to know they are starting to make it to Europe! Enjoy! Thanks @Andrew! Also as an update we have shipped about 3100 out of 5900 kickstarter orders ! (52%) Everyone - some may be wondering why their order has been in the top 100 for several days when we are shipping 200+ per day. Unfortunately, one of our two laser cutters is offline right now and so we are cutting as fast as we can but hitting a bit of a bottleneck because we can pack much faster then they can ship. This weekend I will try to bring the second machine back up. Until then please accept our apologies if you get stuck at the top of the queue for an extra day or two - we're doing all we can to expedite things (including running the laser cutter 18 hours a day!). Thank you all for your patience! @Daniel - yours should go out tomorrow! I'm still shipping but I ran out of cases for the night (I am cutting them while we ship). @Jordan - thanks for the kind words! @Patrik - I haven't actually got a chance to experiment with LED and resistor pairs on it yet - but I can tell you if you leave the jumpers as is then your LED will be hooked to P0 - for the resistor that would depend on the forward current of your LED of course for the IR LED I'd use a 940nm IR 5mm LED, if it has a forward current of 20ma (most do) then a 180ohm would do you well for the resistor. Really you should use a 180ohm to 330ohm regardless since you don't want to pull too much current from the Digispark chip. For putting the LED in - the long lead (+) should be on the rounded side of the LED silkscreen, the short leg(-) on the flat side. Hope that helps until I get a chance to put together a page for it! @Tai and @William - the latest update has all the links you need - but in summary: <url>~600 so your reward should go out within the next week. @Daniel - thanks for the kind words, all throughout this project - they really help balance out some of the hate mail! I'm off to cook dinner and then ship - so your order should go down some more tonight! @Daniel and @Mark - I understand the feeling from when the kickstarter was running, my whole family was refreshing the page all day. Generally we ship the most at night, Daniel your's should be up soon! @Patrick - there aren't any yet, I apologize for that, they should be somewhat intuitive how they go together but I'll work on some photos ASAP @helder - please see the most recent updates for how to check your place in the shipping queue and whether or not yours has shipped. @Dennis - I packed yours personally - hopefully it will make it soon! @Adam - It is wonderful to hear that some have made it overseas! - I apologize that the cases were not what you had hoped - from the start the cases were designed to be held together with glue, the only difference from the prototypes we showed was we removed the outer excess to make them easier to plug into things and attach to things. As far as the edge lineup - if they are very far off then yours may be faulty - if they are about 0.5mm or so off, this is due to the inaccuracies of our machines/materials, which has been a bit of a struggle, but we ultimately have tried to only ship a product that we felt we'd be happy with - which is to say they might not be a perfect line-up but should be comparable to similar products, as far as fit goes. Feel free to email us if you'd like us to look into that more. Thanks for the feedback! UPDATE: The next batch is sitting in a warehouse in route, it seems they got delayed because of the holiday. We should have them tomorrow and the final batch should be here Friday. Most of the stock on hand has been shipped out, but we'll ship the few hundred we have left out tonight. Thanks for your patience and we hope everyone had a great holiday, Erik @Jan-WIllem that is awesome - I have a 3d printer waiting to be assembled once shipping is over, I'll certainly try making one of your cases then - thanks for sharing it! @Daniel Thanks Daniel! We have a wonderful group of backers, we appreciate all the support and patience that you and others give us! Off to ship some more! @Jim - thanks Jim, have a great Christmas as well! I'm thinking I might add a estimated ship date calculation to the backer page, but for now my focus is on shipping them out. @Erik - wonderful, I have to admit we didn't test it with windows 8, but you are the second person to say it works fine with it - given the changes/setup of windows 8 that's no sunrise, but it sure is nice to confirm it! Glad the tutorials are helping out, we'll keep them coming as time permits, we hope to build a nice little library of them to compliment the Arduino tutorials. I'm sure projects will come to you, I just recently realized I could use one to automatically control the diesel preheat in my 1972 tractor (it'd beat holding a switch for 2 minutes in the snow), if I ever have time I'm sure they'll be in everything in my house! Daniel and Jim, as you've gather shipping is slower some days then others - our goal is 200-300 per day, but we haven't been meeting that goal, why?: I'll post an update late this evening with all the details to make things very transparent but in summary: Some time got sucked up into fixing software bugs so those who have them can use them. We had to switch up out shipping line a bit, and still are making adjustments. We got snowed in and that kept us from getting volunteer help until after the holiday. and finally, today it became clear that the next 10,000 - though in route and shipped via 2 day, won't be here until Monday at the earliest - so we decided to take a breath, get our Christmas shopping done and then pack the rest of what we have (we have about 2,500 Digisparks left unpacked which is maybe 600 or so orders worth) this weekend. I don't mean these to be excuses, I truly apologize for the delays and we are fully committed to getting them out as fast as we can, including bringing in extra help - but snow, life, and holidays do happen, we didn't make enough to hire a fulfillment company, and I do have a day job, so all we can do is keeping pushing ourselves and I assure everyone we will, and we will ship them our faster then we have been as we get the kinks ironed out and the rest in hand. For those wondering the final shipment of 15,000 will be in our hands on Wednesday or Thursday, and we won't be out of the 10k yet by then, so this bottleneck should not occur again, even if they are a few days late getting to us. Thank you all for your patience. Software and tutorials are up here: <url>"What should I do with my Digispark" - tomorrow we will have a full update (we shipped a bit less today because we needed to make a final push on all the tutorial, photos, libraries, examples, and integration) and our wiki will launch that contains everything you need to get started, assemble kits, and use the shields - and more! Also we'll be getting some extra shipping help next weekend - we'll of course keep shipping as many as possible everyday! They have arrived about an hour ago - we'll start packing shortly and the first postal truck full should leave on Monday! Please understand that the shipping might start slowly at first while we work out the kinks in our process, but we will be doing all we can to get them out the door as fast as possible. I'll have more of an update tonight/tomorrow morning. Update: We have a tracking number for the first batch of Digisparks in hand and they should leave tomorrow morning and be here Saturday! - I apologize for yet another couple days of delay, it has been a long journey and we continue to work for every day of expediting we can. @Robert - thanks for the kind words! @Dustin - we are doing everything possible to get as many as we can out before Christmas - given your place in the queue it is very likely yours will go out before Christmas and hopefully the postal service we'll deliver it in time! @Daniel - I spent the evening rearranging our living room to be shipping central - we want to be ready to get them out to you as fast as possible as soon as the Digisparks arrive from the factory. @Ivan - All orders international and domestic will ship in the order they were received, regardless of where they are going to. @Nelson - we're very anxious to get them out - the first shipment should be on our door step the 10th and we'll start shipping within minutes of them arriving! We'll likely have an update before that, but we'll certainly have an update when we start shipping and each backer will get an email with a delivery confirmation number when their order ships! @Vicary If you send us a message or email we can reopen your order and you can add them. @Brian - awesome, I find the soldering iron and the voltage supply invaluable - the rework I hardly ever use, but when I need it - it makes my life much easier. For an o-scope/logic scope I honestly just use a Digispark/Arduino - rarely do I need more resolution then the ADC offers and there are some great Arduino o-scope projects out there, no hardware needed except the Arduino. I'll be working up a tutorial for how to do a similar thing with the Digispark. I used to have an old school one, but when the tube went out it wasn't worth it. On my wishlist is one of these: <url>érez Mulas - some received these even if they had everything entered correctly because they had not clicked the "confirm" button - if that was the case please excuse any confusion caused, we only want to ensure that everyone gets what they want! We'll have an update today or tomorrow about the progress of the Digispark production - with lots of pictures - things are going quite well with it! @Ben - we are in close contact with them and will be working with them to make their software work with the Digispark and also come up with some Digispark based projects for their robotics platform @thingstodo - Resent the email by both kickstarter message and to your email - thanks! Ben We're still waiting to hear back from them after we sent them more technical details - I'll send them another email now. @Dennis - I will - and the test jigs too! For those watching for updates: We'll have an update next week on several exciting things that have happened/are happening over the next few days. Final production prototype of the Digispark - this is what goes to the factory for them to check against! Laser cutter arrival: The laser cutter has shipped and will be here Monday! Final shield prototypes: The final shield prototype boards should arrive Monday, we'll use these to write the tutorials for assembly and if they look perfect we'll authorize the production of all the shield PCBs. I also have assembled an RGB "nightlight" in one of the prototype cases, I'll take some pictures of that too for the next update. @Luis - if you go to the Order Status link we sent in the "Action Required" email and your status is "Confirmed and Paid - Awaiting Fulfillment" then we will be sending you exactly what you have listed on that page starting in early November. Thank you all - I hope we leave everyone a happy backer! Thanks Sean - we were able to resolve things with Bruce as well and we look forward to getting him, you, and all the backers your Digisparks! and by latest details I mean latest update... Just confirmed our order for 30,000 stickers - checkout the latest details to see the two designs! Everyone - please see our most recent update (<url>Øyvind - Thanks for your support - we still are on schedule despite this setback! Roro - I assure you it is not a tactic to sell more items - we are as frustrated as you and had to waste several days of work on all of this. We appreciate everyone's patience and understanding - the way kickstarter collects data and the lack of tools to manage a campaign make it difficult when campaigns are as successful as ours. Thanks again for everyone's support! First of all - thank you all for your patience and support - we regret the issues we've had reconciling the order data. Here are some answers: Why the original order pages are inaccessible: The original backer pages were pushing the limits of the kickstarter platform and when the project ended kickstarter reported data on who paid to our servers in a very different way. This different format caused our server to overwrite the backer ids we were using to keep track of what everyone wanted, and therefore severed the link between the records of who backed and paid and what people wanted. We regret this mistake and apologize for the inconvenience it has caused, while we maintained backups, so many orders, pledges, etc. changed near the end that they were largely useless and we still would have had to reconcile the different data formats. This combined with a truly huge number of requests for last minute changes and adjustments led us to make the hard decision to ask everyone to reselect their extras. In order to ensure a situation like this cannot reoccur we have moved all payment data to a conventional database system, with frequent backups, and it no longer depends on kickstarter's reports in any way. We have worked hard the last 48 hours to put a robust system in place to ensure this does not happen again. You do not have to enter the exact items of your original order; you can enter anything that adds up to or near the original pledge amount. If you exceed the pledge amount you have the option to pay the difference using Amazon Payments. Thank you all again for your support - please email us directly at support at digistump dot com (or ekettenburg at digistump dot com - they both go to the same place) if you have any further questions or concerns. We have an update ready to go out but we are waiting until later today to put it up so that we can show you some pictures of the case prototypes! yep - they'll be mailed USPS Parcel Post or Priority Mail - so if your PO Box can receive those then you're good. One more: My payment failed: We will send emails to anyone who's payment still fails after 14 days, at that point we will allow you to pay by credit card directly. Some common questions and answers: Where di the personal backer page go/the personal backer page is not working: We have disabled the personal backer page. We are transfering all backers and their rewards and extras into our orders system. After you have filled out the kickstarter survey (which will be sent in the next day or two), we will send you a link to view your order and its status. Where do I tell you my shipping address: We will send out a survey in the next few days to collect email addresses and shipping addresses so we can keep you up to date on yoru order and know where to send it. We will send an email after we receive this info with a link to change your shipping address at any time up until we start shipping. I forgot to pay $x for shipping: After we collect email and shipping addresses we will send out notificaitons to those who have not paid the proper amount for shipping with a link to submit payment. I just missed out on adding extras: We will allow extras to be added until the end of this week. You will receive a link via email, after you have filled out the survey (which will be sent in the next day or two) to add extras and you will be required to pay the difference immediately. You will not be able to remove items, or change existing selection, this is consistent with kickstarter policies. Note: We have disabled the personal backer pages while we gather all the data and payments - more in our next update. Thank you everyone! We are very grateful for all the support and the wonderful community that is already forming around the Digispark. We will have a more formal update tomorrow. Thank you! We couldn't have done it without our wonderful backers! @Lee - we'll send out more details about how to pay, if you forgot to pay for shipping, tomorrow. @CK and @Ryan - an I2C LCD could be used through the grove shield with the Digispark LCD, they can share the same pins. The one being plugged into the Grove shield would need to have the Grove connector. @Josef - we will begin selling them in our online store around December Thank you all for your wonderful support! @Ryan - 23,124 have been ordered as of right now. @CK - no problem with plugging it into and USB wall adapter from 100ma to 5A and beyond. We're working hard to keep it all on schedule! Thanks Matthew - @Daniel shipping cost is based on reward amount - so just add $10 @Patrik we'll start shipping at the start of November, and hope to be done by the end of that month @Steven and @Luis - Luis is right it should definitely work - This part: "You don't need to plug this thing into a shield. You can just plug it into any four digital Arduino pins. This magic works because the device can be powered by setting the arduino pins high/low. The current consumption is low enough that it doesn't stress the AVR, and the device has a regulator on-board so it isn't bothered by the fact the voltage won't be reliable this way." Means it will work for sure. and the serial might work as well with software serial. If it can be run with just high/low avr pins, then the software side is simple enough to run on the Digispark too. @Michael - you're right we'll look into collaborating with them for a future shield. @CK - we're excited abotu making a SmartThings shiled as well! @Joesph - the Digispark is about 1/10 the size of a Arduino so we'll probably focus our efforts more on equally small shields with similar (or better) functions rather than adapters for larger pricier ones. With a digispark proto shield and some wire and headers one could easily make their own adapter, as they would be very shield specific. @Joseph - the Digispark has far less pins, so generally no - though some of the simpler shields and likely most any I2C shield should work. @Tyler - not easily, mostly their for storage, you might be able to do it but it won't work out of the box. @Dustin - sorry we're just out of time, but we might make several designs and just give them away when we ship! @hacktc - we're planning on it! @Peter - it should work with those just fine, no shield needed but it you want to be able to directly plug them into one then maybe the proto shield so you can attach a header and wire it up in the right order. @hacktc 1 - no, it can't act as USB host 2- yes! @Ryan - you can attach one shield per digispark with the included headers - if you want to stack shields on top of each other you need some stackable headers So Digispark+RGB - no stackable headers needed Digispark+LCD+Infrared - one set needed for the LCD so that it can plug into the Digispark and the Infrared can plug into it. CK - you'd be short on pins for doing it directly but there are many i2c chips that might let you do something like that such as: <url>" x 2" stickers (unless someone comes up with design that justifies something bigger). Here are a few VERY ROUGH ideas: <url>"m pretty new the RFM12B, but if it does work that way it should be easy to just cut the traces. Here is the shield compatibility document: <url>#4 screw they are almost the size of the main IC! We made size one of our main priorities for these, the Digispark Pro might have mounting holes though. I know a few people are working on custom fit cases and will be open sourcing them @michael - you're right the headers are on the wrong side! @Michael Headers are male so they plug on top of a DIgispark with female headers - the Digisparks will come with male and female headers for shield or breadboard use. @Michael - for prototyping, it is like a mini version of these types of boards: <url>"First-Class Package International Service". Can you take a look? Finally... after 7 weeks, my package arrived. Slit open then sealed again by the customs office and everything. Can't wait to start building blinking and rotating stuff when I'm going to have some free time in a few days. =) Still no Digisparks. Last tracked in New York 6 weeks ago :-( Digispark arrived in Germany! Yay it took 3 weeks from LA to Hamburg into my hands. Had also to pay 19% tax. Erik it would be nice if you attach the invoice on the outside, that would ease the custom procedure at least in germany. But anyway: thank you for a great product and complete and fine delivery! Note: I have selected the Digispark entries for both the board and the programmer in the Arduino IDE - but the issue appears to be with the USB connection. Mind you, I'm a total Arduino n00b, but I seem to be having issues getting these things recognized on USB so I can actually start loading programs onto them. I've added all the drivers included on the flash drive, but still unable to get this going. It's not even showing up in Device Manager? I have another computer I can test this on, so perhaps I'll give this a shot there and let you know how that goes. Otherwise, any thoughts? @svn: had the same problem, but mine was sent on 17th. Got it last week from the customs. They said this was because there was no invoice attached to the outside. Had to pay 19% tax. How long did the shipping take for those in Germany? My package was sent on Jan 21st, last USPS tracking point was Jan 25, location: Los Angeles. Dear Erik, got my letter with the digispark today. I have only to pay the VAT so all went good.... i hope i will have time to play along with the stuff in the next days cheers dag @Markusla: Wenn du das nächste mal in Dortmund oder Essen bist, könntest du im Conrad vorbeischauen. Sind ja nur Centbeträge, Online einkaufen lohnt nicht wirklich. <url>ßes Sortiment hat. Sorry for my answer in german. Received my three Digisparks today and I am happy with them. Unfortunately I only received 3x 6 pin female headers, the 3 pin female headers are missing. Does anybody know a cheap shop in Germany for them? @Miranda: Maybe you only killed the bootloader. Do you have an ISP to check it? @Erik: Thanks for all of your support! There are only 5 words to describe you: "Best project creator I have ever met!!!" Well, 7 words, but never mind!!! I just gave up on the EEPROM shield. I don't know what I did wrong but one of my digisparks is dead now. So I made this instead: <url>"rev2' anywhere in any of my Digisparks but they also don't seem to have solder in the little white rectangle as shown here: <url>" lens and cut out the bottom so I can place it on larger materials. The work area on the 4th gen is the biggest issue for me. If you decide to sell the FSLaser 5th gen feel free to email me :-) Do you mind sharing which laser cutter you are using, the software it uses for engraving/cutting, and the price? Got mine this morning. Been playing with it all day. Very easy to set up and use even for an Arduino novice like me. Great product. I got mine this week, finally got to play with them last night. I got the Adafruit PWM RGB LED strand working really easily, and it works great. Even managed to have some shrinkwrap to cover the Digispark after I hooked up all the wires. Well done, but I'm starting to realize I should have ordered more! How long before they go on sale? This user's account has been deleted. got mine through customs and its a very nice board! could get rgb led and lcd working in a few minutes. The good thing is that I bought a cheap i2c lcd on ebay a few months ago and it's the same size and works with the same code, nice surprise. Also added DHT22 sensor on pin5 and got a compact thermo and hygrometer. Thanks erik for all your good work! Oh bummer... This is making me wish I did not order the case... I was so excited at the speed you guys were going and then boom... slow down :-( Otherwise I think I would be getting mine any day now. I was so excited about building my radio! but I guess I can wait another week or so :-s Thanks for the updates Erik! Keep up the great work! Still waiting for my digispark. shipped jan 6th to Germany, and still not recieved... can't wait. Got my DigiSparks yesterday in the mail! I got to play around with them briefly last night, just twiddling with "blink" and getting my Arduino IDE upgraded, etc. Thanks so much for all your hard work on getting this out. I know there are some people who are cranky about ship/delivery times, etc. but I consider you to be "on time" for a Kickstarter project :) You certainly doing better than another hardware project(Which shall go nameless) that is 26 months past backing and has yet to deliver ANYTHING. @Erik I got my digisparks on Thursday. I had the add-ons and everything put together by the next day. Everything worked well and programmed with ease on my 15" Macbook Pro Retina running OSX 10.8. I did use a usb hub to make it easier to insert and remove so I don't know if the usb 3 port would have been a problem of not. Thank you for running a great kickstarter and for great quality products. This project is definitely a great example of how a kickstarter project should be run. Finally down to under 1500! I can understand people being bummed about not having it earlier or when it was expected but when you've fulfilled your goal by 6000%, you would have to be out of your mind to really expect delivery on time because there's so much more that has to be done. I have to say that even with delay, this is one of the best projects I've backed so far because of the good communication and the way you let us know where we stand on our orders. I've backed 10 projects and am waiting on a few to still fulfill things within their timeframe but most have been quite successful so I know not to hold them to the estimated date. Aside from Pebble, all usually hit their target within a month or two. If I really need something fast, then I'm not coming to KS for that. Kudos again to you and all you have done. I'm really excited to get my stuff soon. If I'm lucky, it may be shipped before the end of the month as I have noticed things ramping up, which would be great as baby #3 is due within a couple of days and I can play with a new baby and a new toy while taking some time off work! Must ... Stop ... Clicking!!! Down to No.28 now - looking forward to teaching Digispark(s) to talk to a Raspberry Pi in a short while ... NSW? Canberra? SA? My (bulging) bag of Digispark goodies arrived yesterday (Canberra) Thanks! Maybe I'm a total re-re but I cannot find any place to order shields etc... Anyone? Unfortunately I bought my digisparks as a christmas gift, and I STILL haven't even been notified about a ship date. It's 2 months past promised delivery. If I could request a refund and cancel my order I would. I've already bought a different gift for this person (obviously) and at this point, these are just going to sit around collecting dust. Got my digispark, assembled some of the add on boards, good stuff. I wish the other kickstarter projects I backed went as smoothly and professionally as this one. Thanks digistump! Just got my digispark yesterday, had a look on the board design. I am surprised by the quality and all the tiny works done in the board design, all those solder bridges just to squeeze some space. And the USB emulation just amazing, I would have built at least twice the size for all these functionalities! It's amazing! For your info, there is an IRC channel for Digispark on the IRC. Not an OFFICIAL channel though. Someone else started it I'm just posting the info. Server : Freenode Channel : #digispark Ok, I found the needed in I was looking for to get started at least : <url>#13 for a day-ish now. So close, yet not moving! :) Looking forward to the DigiSparks. Thanks Erik, works great and everything arrived nicley to Sweden à couple of days ago. @Fabian: I'm still waiting to get this letter. You got it today? @Erik, my package was intercepted by the German Customs Union. By law it is required that all incoming packages have the invoice on the outside in order to speed up processing of incoming goods. If there still are packages left to deliver you may want to keep that in mind. Thanks for your effort! Erik, Awesome, I just logged into check the status too.. I wanna say you and the helpers have done fantastic on shipping progress, updates and everything. Dear Eric, which one of the lasercutter failed the Hobby or the big one ? we hat also some problems -> the PS failed after only a few hours and have still adjusment problems ,,, So ghood luck.... to get it running again... Cheers dag P.S. you have made your ks project so transparent every other should take you as an reference! For all of the Open source gamers out there I figured I would share another Kickstarter link. <url>#28 on the list DOWN from 2028 at the start. I'm all giddy like a school boy getting ..... err never mind that heh. Hey Erik, just want to say that I appreciate all the work you're going through to fulfill this Kickstarter. Can't wait to tinker with my 'sparks - 2,843 shipments to go! :) Shipment received! Looks like I got everything - man these things are tiny! :-) Could you also add instructions for adding the IR LED and resistor to the IR shield? Including exactly which LED and resistor to use, whether we'd need to do anything with the solder jumpers, etc. Thanks! If the day ever comes for my digispark to come I finally have it figured out what I am going to do with it :-) I just ordered 5 for the heck of it and figured I would figure it out some day. The first one is going into a ham radio receive. I am going to use it to control the dds :-) but alas I am number 3139 on to list :-( Some day, some day. Hi Erik, I have same question as William. Do you have instructions for the shields? Hi Erik, my package arrived (in Singapore) yesterday. Thank you very much. May I ask where can I find assembly instructions for the shields? Like which component is soldered to which hole? Thanks again. This user's account has been deleted. Woo! #523 now. Can't wait. @Erik I ordered the 937D soldering station you recommended and it arrived recently. Thanks for the recommendation! Can't wait to use it on my Digispark shield kits :) @Erik: That wasn't a complaint. :-) Since I have to implement SHA3 on one of my microcontrollers, I don't have to enough time to work with my Digisparks anyway. I think I'll port my code (100% assembly) to the Digisparks controller once they arrived and my coding is done. It looks like a great password generator. :-) PS: I totally agree with Dustin. THIS IS THE MODEL KS PROJECT!!! sorry. true. my fault. thank you for your quick reply still didn't get my reward. still no reply to my message. what's going on? @Erik, Hate mail? Really? I still hold this has been the model Kickstarter project. I got mine in, and got them blinking within about 15 minutes. You and yours have done an excellent job delivering hardware and documentation (especially for someone new to Arduino like myself). If you're getting hate from people, assume there are several others for each one of them that think you're doing well. Well done on a successful project. This user's account has been deleted. Erik, Sweet man, much appreciated on the updates and info, You and the HELP have done awesome on this kickstarter, sure glad I'm a part of it. @Mark Balliet, As soon as I get out of bed I check my status here... was at 663 when I got up at 11AM, Now I'm 613. \o/ Getting Sooooooo close.. @Erik I'm not sure if knowing my place in line is a blessing, or a curse! I'm looking forward to playing with the Digispark so much (not to mention my friend who's waiting on his Christmas present, but he understands WHY it's taking time). Hope you had a great holiday, and thanks for taking the time to build these, and to keep us in the loop (F5 ... darn ... F5 ... darn ... *giggle*) i still did not receive mine... did you shipped all the rewards Erik?! My digisparks finally arrived today... but I can't find instructions on how to assemble the cases anywhere. Just got my package in Australia, can't wait to assemble and get up and running. Only disappointment so far was the quality of the cases, edges don't line up in a few spots (looks like it shifted during the cutout and none of the sides hold together. Looks like it requires tape or glue. Otherwise everything looks really well done, first tested board came up fine. Now to test the rest ;) My shipment left Portland on December 18th and I'm still waiting. Unfortunately, it has to travel about 5000 miles (linear distance). :-) Got mine today, thank you so much. Oh yeah baby, down to #958 on the shipping list.. \o/ Received mine. Thanks for the update Erik, Yeah take a breather, do some shopping and take it easy for a couple days man, I'm not in that much of a hurry. :) Excellent update, I'm sure glad I backed this project. Happy Holidays to you and every here on the KS. I have uploaded a case-bumper housing for the Digispark on Thingiverse. So if you have a 3D printer go ahead and print or even modify the design. It's in openscad. ID=38891 @erik, thanks for the update. No probs on timing I just noted the rate was erratic in the queue and was curious about time frame. Have a great Christmas! Thanks for the tutorials. Had mine up and working in a couple of minutes under Windows 8. (Haven't tried on a mac yet). Pretty easy to load code. Haven't attached anything to it yet, but the example code loaded easily and ran well. Now.. to find a project to use them for! Ok, Yesterday I was 1486 (Thursday) and now I'm 1431 (Friday) So I moved 55 spots in one day. Looks like it's gonna be a few more days ;-) I'm cool with that. Give me more time to think up more projects that way. I'm curious as well I am around 1600 Erik, quick question, How many groups at a time are being shipped per day? I am currently in the queue @ 1487. Trying to get a rough idea when to expect my Digispark goodness. :) Awesome Erik! Thanks for all your hard work! I just went out to the mailbox to find a lovely padded manila envelope packed full of geeky goodies. Thanks Erik and Digistump Team! This has been the very model of a modern Major .. err.. Kickstarter.. Casey Annis Just got mine- I'm in Eugene, OR Kudos for the Kickstarter Order status page! You guys are really pushing those orders out fast! Erik and Crew, Thank you for a great Kickstarter and the notice that my digisparks have been shipped. I am very excited to start working with them as soon as they get here. Casey I was quite happy to see my name moving up closer and closer to the top of the list. I will likely one of the last shipped but still good to see the numbers move :-) I should get my digispark and hexbright about the same time :-) Thanks for all the updates. You are a model kickstart project. Here's to hoping they make it out by Christmas (bought mine for my brother in law's gift)! Thank you once again for running such a great kickstarter, excellent and timely updates, and great projects. I can't wait to get my digispark, and I'm so excited and can't wait to see what your next one will be!! I'm cleaning my bench off in preparation of the Digisparks arriving. Must be able ti play as soon as they arrive ya know.. When are you going to ship the international orders? It is december! Very anxious to have them in my hands.... I'm starting to want those thru-hole headers, wanna add them so bad. D; Thanks for the new update! Keeping the backers in the loop is much appreciated! @John thanks! I have no idea how to use one anyway. What forum or sites do you recommend so I can learn and stop asking questions here ;-) Digital scopes: I have a Rigol DS1204B at work (4 channels, 200 MHz) which works fine. That model is too expensive for a starter scope but 2-ch 50 MHz Rigol DS1052E is very usable, for $350. At home I use a 15-year old Tektronix TDS-210 which still works well, I see them used on ebay for $250, but it lacks neat features like saving traces to USB stick. Thanks Erik! Let us hear if you get news about the inventors shield. I can't personally vouch for any of the inexpensive full-size scopes out there. I've got a Tek from the 1980's that weighs 120lbs... Can't say I'd recommend going that route either. I've heard good things about the Rigol DS1052E. It's a channel 50MHz scope that many have hacked into a 100MHz scope. It's much more expensive than a DSO nano, but much much more capable (having only a single channel is very limiting and many digital signals in the microcontroller world are faster than 200kHz.) The OWON PDS5022T is a bit cheaper than the Rigol and has good reviews at Amazon. It's a 25MHz scope. If you can't justify one of those, I'd go with a USB scope over a DSO nano. @JB so what do you suggest in the lower price ranges for a standard scope? I don't recommend the DSO nano or quad (I have the quad, haven't actually used the nano,) unless you really need the portability. The small size makes them much less user friendly than a standard scope. They just don't have the buttons and knobs needed to quickly get around. wow that's so cool for less than $100! thanks! @Erik - I found a good price on the 3 in 1 Rework solder station you suggested and ordered one. Another mystery for me is an Oscilloscope. The closest I've gotten is the usb one from Parallax that hooks up to your PC. What do you suggest for one in the same class as that rework station? PC or old school dedicated? New/Used? Hi Erik, have you heard back from the wirless inventors shield guy? Will there be a digispark compatible wireless board? Dear Eric, is the 60W laser also from FSL ? Got our laser yesterday and had some issues with the optical end switches but we solved them now my brother will laser everything he can get his hand on... real fun cheers Dag P.S. looking forward for the digispark delievery Erik, Thanks for the update, So glad everything is working out nicely. I can't wait to start playing around with the Digisparks, I ordered 8 myself along with a bunch of shields. I picked up some plastic parts boxes so Everything will be all in one place when they arrive. Any new updates/info to report? or maybe some more awesome pics? :) Since you are not going to use an external clock, can you please set the tiny85 fuses to a setup which will allow us to use Digispark with 3.3 volts? Thanks Erik! It's been an uncomfortably long time since my EE days. Can someone recommend a quality, reasonably-priced soldering setup that would work well for Digispark tinkering? Please advise on accessories that would help (for instance, would a brass sponge be important?). I have question about SPI support (and possible other libraries). Would it be the same SPI library, or some other library, just for the Digispark? Some libraries use it directly, so I would prefer they would work without modifications, provided I'll do the wiring right. For example, I am hacking together ATtiny44 and nRF24L01+ and its library uses SPI. Arduino Uno (ATmega 328P if I remember) has just SPI support, ATtiny44 has USI (probably the same as Digispark's ATtiny85). I was peeking into specs of both (atmega and attiny), looking for differences. They are not big, basically different port names and missing !SS support in USI (not big deal), so it should be possible. Man I can't wait.... Started playing with PIR sensors, the Digispark will be PERFECT for this project. Use it for LED Lighting in different places in my house, Motion detected lighting... Dear Erik, sounds good i hope FSL will hurry up with the delivery cheers dag Dear Erik, did you have your FSL Laser up & running. I have also orderd one and i will be glad glad to get any hints to start (when it will arrive) regards Dag Have you send a message to the winners? I'm asking myself whether or not I'm one of them. REGARDING INTERNATIONAL SHIPMENT, since i am a kickstarter backer of many projects here is a comment of one Creator Richard Haberkern "Helder, I have looked at all the shipping options and have found that you are correct. Regular posts seems to be the best option and within the budget." sorry for keeping "pushing" my line but as an INTERNATIONAL BACKER i do not want to pay double or more in taxes and several others nonsense fees for what i already paid in my original pledge here in kickstarter, and that is probably what is going to happen if you do send via UPS,FEDEX and so on... standard mail will do just fine and saves INTERNATIONAL BACKERS lots of money Who are the winners of your microSD Shield Giveaway??? I have just uploaded a printable Digispark PCB to thingiverse. You can print it on a 3-D printer and hold it in your hands until the real board arrives. <url>"lost backers page" event, I already paid for them additionally to the pledge, and yet, you still request me to do it once again. I hope this is no indication on how things are going with the digispark. Is it possible to have a trackable shipment option for international backers? In that case, when I will know how much a must add to my pledge? Have you spoken to the guys behind <url>"slightly" irritated at trying to remember what the hell added up to my total, but you know what, it took me 5mins of my "precious time" and I'm still alive. I doubt if any of those so vigurously complaining have the guts, nevermind skill, motivation and work ethic to pull of a Kickstarter as masterfully as Erik and Co. have. Co-ordinating requests from ~6000 people on a system that does not supply sufficient tools takes time and effort. And if the database is nuked and you actually apologize, well sirs, I take my hat off to you. So to all those complaining... There are honestly much worse things in life than having to fill in a survey... again... :P Erik, if out of 5.964 backers you only get a few Bruces, you know it'll be alright. Stuff happens, and you handled it quickly and well. Has anybody thought about using a digispark with something NFC related? Erik, thank you for noticing that the order system had been over written and then devoting additional time to develop a new ordering system. It is nice to have a system that is more robust and one that should us all through until the project ships. That is what I call good customer service and commitment to quality, exactly the kind of traits I would like a CTO to exhibit . Stewart Gosh, you can't even get my order correct! I hope you'll check your records twice, because you'll find that my "extras" were $60.75 above my base backing amount. I had to go back and recreate the 15 add-ons I had originally put into the backers page. To me, that's "adding extras", not sure of your definition. BTW, saying you're sorry for how someone "feels" is useless. Saying you're sorry for making a mess, at least, carries some weight. Sorry, but I guess I'm not as forgiving as others. This is truly ridiculous for ANY company -- even a kickstarter project -- to have this kind of a cluster. You had unique ID's for all backers, and you said you have backups. With those two elements in mind, you ought to be able to resolve this situation. Don't push the effort and onus for fixing this on us, your loyal supporters who MADE YOU A SUCCESS -- fix it yourself. Go hire some competent database folks to restore backups and reconnect those unique ID's to the data, and then you find out what each of us had ordered and send it to us. That's the LEAST you can do for all those who supported you. Supposedly Erik is a CTO at a company. Seriously, would you let anyone remain in their job after something as embarrassing and monumentally poorly handled as this? This is unexcusable. Sure... Get it fixed the day after payday and offer to let us add more to the cart :-) Not sure my wife will be all that happy with you after I added a few more things :-) @Erik - Thank you for the explanation. I had thought the same as Øyvind. It's definitely unfortunate, but I'll deal. Thank you for your explanation. Sorry to hear about your data loss. I thought you took the pages down just to not confuse people by having 2 different ordering systems. I usually back stuff at Kickstarter and then tries to forget about them :) I use this strategy to avoid being disappointed if the project gets delayed. What's going on? I don't remember what shields I have ordered at first. If I knew this will happen, I will save or write down my order. Now I have to go through again and watch not to exceed my first total. Or pay extra. It's good selling trick, joke. #$%! this digispark is getting expensive :-) Having to reenter all of the extras, I decided to drop the charlieplex and add the LCD shields, so another $10 to Erik. It would be very nice of you to reenable the link just for a short time maybe, since you could not transfer the order details. Or have you found a way to transfer the order details? Will you please enable the personal backer pages so that those of us who originally chose a lot of extras can see the combination we already submitted? well i dont remember all the extras that I ordered, so I guess I will have to experiment and see if I can figure it out....... Luckily for me, I saved my backer page as a PDF when they took it offline. I did it as a receipt, as I figured I probably wouldn't gne tone with my order. Now I'm really glad I did. Yeah, I meant to raise the point that the original personal backer page really needed a summary more and more as additional shields were added and the options went up. My order is pretty simple, I can't imagine how people spending hundreds of dollars will fare. Bad luck for me but I don't make a copy of what I have ordered. Now I have to find how I reached $301! And B.T.W. the S$H is missing in the Digistmp page. How can I especify my extras that I already paid for? @erik I attempted to specify my extras, but came up short one shield in the summary page. Best guess is I screwed up or the page doesn't count an entry until it loses focus on the text box. How do I fix this? I'm glad I saved all my extras Info on what I ordered. I had to enter it all again. All set and ready for some Digispark goodness! Erik thanks again for the great gizmos. The Digisparks are being mailed USPS, is that correct? So we can use a Po Box? Congrats! Have you considered offering a 3.3V version as well? Thanks, I know it's my mistake. I"ll look out for my survey link. Thanks again. Crap, I forgot to order my cases. Am I out of luck? @erik, I was traveling from Ohio to Myrtle beach and thought I could update for my final shield count. The internet here is shady. Is it at all possible for me to add my shields? I didn't order any and wanted quite a few. Congratulations on your incredible success! Great work. Congratulations!!! 6264% unbelievable!!! I need to send you $5 for shipping and cant figure out how to now that I already paid! Congratulations!!! Looking forward to see some great products built with Digispark! Congratulations!!! Do we get to look forward to the Digispark Pro Campaign now? Wahoo !!! Conga rats!!! SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET! Erik, Congrats. and now I'm $200 in debt THANK YOU LOL. :D Congratulations! You're a long way from $5000, Digispark! DUH! NM. THANKS for a great idea and the inspiration to create my own idea based off of yours! @ErikL Got the link, upped the pledge. Now to figure out where to tell you what for... @derrick, just remembered to pay with 30 minutes left, so no link yet! e @Sean, if you look in the top right corner of the page you will see an envelope. Click there and you should see a message from Erik with a link to your personal backers page at digistump. This is where you order your extras and figure how much you need to alter your donation to cover the extras Erik, I figure you're likely monitoring this like crazy as the final ramp up to the end comes. I still need to order accessories, so I am eagerly awaiting the link. Thanks! Then, can I use some standard LCD through grove shield? @ CK - The LCD offered by Digistump can't be plugged directly into the Digispark with the Grove shield, due to them both using pins 0 and 2. However, the LCD only use 2 pins, and the grove has 2 pins free, so you could connect them with wires or something to make them work together. Can anyone tell me whether I can use the grove shield kit for any I2C LCD? @ Jessica: A few posts down he said "@Josef - we will begin selling them in our online store around December" Thank you so much! I made a circuit very similar to this with through-hole components but couldn't shrink it more than about 4x digispark's size for an art project. You've made this MUCH MUCH easier for me to do this in the future. When will you make these generally available to the public for when I run out of the ones I pledged for? @Sgllama: That technique takes me back years, I was sequencing LEDs with a 68HC705 and a do-nothing main loop, and all the work done from background timer loop fetching from a EEPROM table. That processor didn't have a very nice bit set opcode, so I ended up writing the exec code to RAM, then executing that. Microcontrollers have come a long way since then! Added in my updates - doubled my pledge as well. I am excited for this project as well, and I also agree that perhaps a reminder email sent out right now would be very helpful for those who may have forgotten! Six hours left. :-) After the project closes, will there be a place that I can order more Digisparks in the future? I got a few of them to use for personal projects and to try out to see if they would be good enough for a course I'm planning to teach in the spring. I'd like to have to option to order another 50+ some time in December. @Tyler / @Erik, @ Dennis Schweer There is another way to run a program from an EEPROM - write a small byte-code interepreter as the main program and have it execute codes read from the EEPROM. It sounds complicated, but once you've got the main loop done (which is mostly getting the next piece of data from the EEPROM ) - then the rest of main is just a switch() statement and is as complex as you need to make it to handle your opcodes. Ok, you do need a loader to get the byte-code data into the EEPROM in the first place, which can be a separate program to save space. If your program has long repitive sequences like "send output value x; wait t; send output value y; ..." then using such a byte-code/table-driven approach can save bytes even when you're not trying to execute from EEPROM. If you've ever written a program to sequence LEDs and then stored the sequence data itself inside a table, maybe even put that table into an EEPROM, then you've used this technique. I'd be curious to know roughly how many Digisparks have been ordered? So far, just as reward levels there are 21,731 Digisparks ordered, but I'm sure there are several hundred or thousand more added on backer pages. Congrats on breaking 300k! I'm super stoked on this project I pledged, complete novice with Arduino but I am going to learn with this program. $1200 more to go! I nearly doubled my pledge @Yukihisa: Digisparks PCB will be white with green silkscreen (Kickstarter Edition). 300K is just around the corner, congratulations! by the way, what color is the substrate circuit board of Digispark? Adafruit is blue, SparkFun is red. Digispark is light green or normal color? come on $300k! @Michael, thanks. I'm looking for small size, cost effective way and expandable from digispark that I can put into a project as digisparks may be able to 'talk to each other' in the future (smartThings) or mini robot (multiplo) which may require more memory. At the moment, I just stick to the basic which is enough for me. Btw, is there a problem if I plug digispark to a 1A output wall plug USB port? Looks like it's very high possibility that the project will break 300k mark! Congratulations in advance! Hopefully everything will be on schedule. CK: If you can't do it with a digispark, you could consider stepping up to a regular Arduino UNO (32k flash, 2k sram, 1k eeprom) or Arduino Mega (256k flash, 8k sram, 4k eeprom). Beyond AVR chips, there is a kickstarter project (teensy 3.0) that has an ARM M4, 128k flash, 16k ram, 2k eeprom. There is also Galago, which I can't find the specs for memory, or radioblock (if you buy a $30 debug kit). Outside of kickstarter, there is the Raspberry PI and Mbed processors. Adafruit is beginning to a have various Raspberry PI shields (called pi-plates) and devices. @Erik, I'm excited to see all the ks project work together. Multiplo-Digisparks-smartThings-Ubi:) If somehow I want to expand the memory of 6k to handle more complex things, is there a way to do it? Thnx Mathew I noticed I got the mail when I first pledged at the start of the project, but I had simply forgotten about it. Would be a good idea to add a reminder about this in the last update page (for those like me who might have forgotten about it). Now I'm looking forward to getting my digisparks and creating with them... And what a great success this Kickstarter has been! I wish Digistump all well and well done! Daniel, After you pledged (officially within an hour, but in practical reality within a minute) you received an email with a link to your personal backer page. That page allows you to specify which extras you want, and identifies the required total pledge for the selected reward + extras. Further, at the top of that backer page is a radio button group which allows you to identify the shipping category you're in and updates the total required pledge according to the selected shipping category. Short answer for shipping: shipping cost is included in your pledge amount. I have been looking around, but am still unsure where I will report to you what boards etc. I want. I have pledged the sum I calculated as total, but I'm still unsure about when and where I'll write my "shopping list". Btw. I chose a reward below $200 but my total sum with all extras is above that sum. Should I then add $20 for international shipping, or is it the reward level that counts? Any updates on estimated delivery times? Considering that you wrote "Est. delivery: Nov 2012" back when the initial goal was still set at $5K and "Made in US" wasn't in the cards yet... Just curious - I'd love to hear a bit more about what's going on behind the scenes. Would be an interesting cases study to see how you ramp up from a $5000 project to having to deliver 25,000 units to more than 5000 customers. @Steven, I think I would rather wait for smartThings shield when it is available later. @Steven: I misread the rewards, and the battery board shield is for standard Arduinos, but I imagine if they are successful, one or both companies will come up with a combined solution for the digispark. @Steven: In the rewards they mention digispark as an option just as normal Arduinos. It uses 2 data pins, so you would have 4 left over for other things. At present neither digistump nor radioblock is offering a shield explicitly for the digispark, but that will happen with time I suspect. Note, the battery pack they provide in the reward levels has 3 AA batteries, which would give 3.6 - 4.5 volts depending on if you are using rechargeable batteries or fresh alkaline batteries, so if you wanted that particular shield, you should plan on ordering a boost shield for the digispark while you can. I don't recall the LPC1114 specs, but I believe the LPC ARM chip they have on the radioblock is more powerful than the digispark. You could program the LPC1114 directly, but you will need a $30 debug kit (and restrict yourself to programming in C instead of C++). "If i buy an EEPROM shield could I store some code there and run it? or are eeproms strictly for data recording?" @Tyler / @Erik: NO!!! The ATtiny is using a Harvard architecture, which means that you ARE NOT able to store instruction code in your RAM/EEPROM (only data memory!!!) ! Ok, that's only 99.9% the truth. There is one possibility to store instruction code in EEPROM. You have to translate every instruction to its binary representation and store this like a number to your EEPROM. To execute these instructions, you have to copy the binaries from your EEPROM to your Flash memory and manually jump to their Flash address. As you can see it's a very very complex approach. A more easier way to solve memory problems is to use assembly instead of Arduino C programming. Assembly code is about 10 to 100 times SHORTER and FASTER than its C equivalent. Unfortunately assembly programming is a little bit more difficult than programming in C. @Steven: The following statements make me think that it should be possible. The only thing I am not sure about is the software part, but this should also be doable as a lot of the heavy lifting is done on the module itself... "The 4-pin header contains everything you need. Power + two serial lines. The on-board regulator means you can power the RadioBlock from 3V - 6V. The serial lines are 5V tolerant, making it easy to interface to whatever you want." "An expansion header provides I2C. Here you can connect some expansion boards to add in other things, such as accelerometers or extra I/O lines." "You don't need to plug this thing into a shield. You can just plug it into any four digital Arduino pins. This magic works because the device can be powered by setting the arduino pins high/low. The current consumption is low enough that it doesn't stress the AVR, and the device has a regulator on-board so it isn't bothered by the fact the voltage won't be reliable this way. Then the other two pins are the serial link. If you want of course you can just connect up power & the two serial lines in a more 'classic' way, which really means you only need two pins on any arudino to control the radio. You can use it with both 3.3V and 5V arduinos. The RadioBlock internally regulates the external power down to 3V, but the I/O lines can work with 5V logic." @Jenee a shield is a general term borrowed from Arduino (other platforms call them backpacks) to differentiate between the actual micro controller (digispark) and other hardware that can be added on top of it (shield). It slips into the digispark pins and adds functionality not found on the digispark originally, such as having extra memory, extra pins, etc. There is even a protoshield which is just a general add on that you can use to prototype small circuits to add to the digispark. There are PCB versions which come with just the PCB, no additional components. You have to provide the components to make the shield complete. The KITS come with the PCB and the additional components which together form the complete shield (headers, resistors, capacitors, ICs, etc). You would need some basic soldering skills to put a complete shield together... do you think this will work with this new kickstarter project? <url>"instrument" which plays different notes, different velocities, etc. (I'm experimenting with an UNO, but I'm only using a couple of pins, so the DigiSpark should be no problem.) And I'll probably leave a couple of boards just as RGB LED controllers, so I can fiddle with the computer programs for them, a little like the "Ambient Orb." But I'm also thinking about using one in a switched-mode power supply to regulate my dad's bicycle generator's output to his headlight LED (hopefully roughly doubling the output current, while halving the voltage--my attempts at simpler circuits for this failed, because I don't have a good theoretical model for the generator's response to circuits; my SPICE software said they'd work with the model I was using, but in practice they did not); one to program PICmicro chips, for the menial tasks that don't deserve a full Arduino (particularly since my new computer doesn't have a parallel port to supply my old PICmicro programmer); and...I don't know what else, but it'll be a blast finding out! It's very exciting stuff. It makes me feel empowered and creative. Thanks so much for this project! Any thoughts to making stickers available as extras you can purchase? It'd be fun to have a few extras. Perhaps that could even be the $250k goal; a couple of designs you can choose and purchase from. =) @hacktc. If you want a taste of what you can do on hid programing google "irongeek phukd". Close to the bottome of the page he has some code samples as well as a download link for his library and further example sketches. @Erik Kettenburg. Excellent. I hope there will be some sample code demonstrating pushing a keyboard button or something simple like that. I assume this must have been asked by now, but I don't really see a way to search old comments. I have two questions - 1. Can the digispark be used as a USB host controller for something like a very simple Android ADK solution? 2. Can the digispark be used as a HID compatible device to simulate a keyboard, mouse or joystick? I will happily add a few more to my bid if either or both of these is possible. :-) Thoughts on using a Digispark with this: <url>"205$ -> 25 boards" => Pledge : 205$ +10$(fdp) + (11 X 8$ = 88$) Prix boards : 303$ Shields: RGB Shields kits: 6 LED Charlieplexed Shield Kit: 2 IR Shield kits: 1 Motor Shield Kits: 1 I2C LCD Shield Kit: 1 Total shields: 40.75$ Total Pledge: 303$ + 40.75$ = 343.75$ Please tell us if you need more details or if the pledge is not correct. Thanks a lot! Alex Hi Erik, Myself and a group of friends from our local HackerSpace (20 people in total) have gotten together to back your project all the way from South Africa! We're very excited to be a part of this and can't wait to get our Digisparks. Our local postal system is notoriously bad though. We were wondering if we could pay extra for priority international shipping, perhaps with a courier company that has proper tracking and door-to-door delivery? Something like DHL or FedEx, rather than the United States Postal Service which only tracks parcels up to the US Border? Prior experience with other KickStarter Orders (by friends and family) has been rather bad - we have yet to receive any of our physical items. They simply go missing in our local postal system with no accountability or traceability. We really want to make sure we get our DigiSparks and Shields! Our order is quite large! Please let us know if we can make an arrangement. Thanks for creating an awesome Hack toy! BUILD ALL THE THINGS! :D Ok ENOUGH!!! :D, Just added $52 more to my pledge, Digisparks : Pledge Level $28 Digisparks - 3(5) ($8.00 each) (8 Total) RGB Shield - 4 ($1.00 each) Breakout Shield A Kits - 5 ($2.50 each) Motor Shield Kits - 2 ($6.25 each) MOSFET Shield Kits - 2 ($3.50 each) Boost Shield Kits - 2 ($9.00 each) Cases - 2 ($10.00 each set) EEPROM Shield - 5 ($4.00 each) Port Expander Shield Kit - 2 ($6.00 each) Stackable Headers - 10sets ($1.50 each set) LED Charlieplex Shield Kits - 1 ($5.00 each) Relay Shield Kits - 1 ($6.00 each) --------------------------------------- Total $200.00 I better HIDE my CC Bill from the Wife Heh. Erik, Thanks for creating such great toys. Yay... Past the 250k point Only 5000% over goal? Well, I suppose you gotta take what you get in life... Yeah baby!! $250k ! Mine has reached the $250 000 mark... Am i be able to program this thing under Mac OS X (i'm newbie with this stuff)? @michael if you like lots of LEDs, wait til you see the shield version of this that I'm making: <url>"should"! Ha! "Want to get my grubby paws on" more like). Are you using diffused RGB LEDs??? Quick question about the "personal backer page" - is it adding in international postage properly? Suggestion for a shield. I've got a few of Seeed Studio's RFBee's, which are pretty useful, any chance that the Digispark could get a shield based on the TI CC1101 RF transceiver to be compatible with the RFBee? Patrick, Sparcfun offers a rechargeable coin style battery (3.7v). In theory it should work with the boost shield, but I would suggest asking somebody with more of an electronics background. I don't know how many times I have increased my pledge now, with all of the cool and fun additions. This project has me hooked at grabbing more and pledging more.. I am not sure where I'll find the time or projects for this stuff, but I am loving the way the project has built itself.. Keeping an eye on your Kicktraq? <url>#1 with 10000%! Edit: Idea came from having a 'D' with a spark, just in case the reference is missed. How about something nice and simple? A 'D' with a pop.. I've made this from scratch in vector, so it's scalable too. Plus you can have all the rights - I'll give them over :) Behold: <url>"square inch" logo! But it's actually quite a bit les than a square inch, even counting the USB connector, right?) You should give a download of the cases as a 250,000 goal. I think when the pro is offered, you can sell shields for both the pro and the digispark. This way, anyone needing to get more shields will have the chance. And you get a pro sale in order to give them the link the buy the shields. <url>"agent"? eg: I am in Australia - if you have 11 Aussies, that's $110 shipping to us all, when you could send all 10 orders to one person, who can then re-send them locally to the other 9 for possibly as low as $20 total ($10 from USA, $1 each for local deliveries)? Alternative - can you find someone in China willing to re-send? I regularly buy $2 ebay gadgets which ship free from China - you can probably save 80% to 90% of all international shipping costs by remailling from China? What kind of chip is being used for the I2C expander? I'd like to find a datasheet so I can see current limits, etc. (And how it would be programmed...) Awesome, Just added 2 orders of cases to my pledge along with a couple MOSFET shields. Looks like I'll be getting more overtime at work, I know where some more of it will be going this weekend. I'm up tp $143 so far. :D Is the Kit or Shield all assembled? Any chance the IR board could be used as an IR transceiver? It would be great to have a little plug that could send and receive messages from other similarly equipped computers. Would the digispark be able to support the .net gadgeteer sensors? I guess something like the seeedstudio grove shield. I updated my Shield Compatibility Sheet to include the new Motor Shield Configuration. I designed it for 1920 x 1080 (15.6" Laptop at High Resolution) screen (Click Zoom in Twice). <url>"external" contacts, right ? - similarly, that would also be nice if the boost shield doesn't need to be on top (in case we have a proto shield with big components for instance, but I guess that'll be hard for you to change. - same question for the grove shield. does it need to be on top (I already mentioned that it would be nide to have angle connectors on those to be easily stackable) ? @Erik first picture, but change the render to an isometric angle without perspective. @Erik : btw I also prefer the fisrt picture. What about writing the logo on the LCD and get a picture of that for the text below the board ? Congrats on 4,000% Funding!!!! @Erik for the stickers, whatever you come up with, I would really make it stamp like (just enclose it in a frame that looks like a stamp) since it's about the size off a stamp :). Maybe some custom made stamps for the $250000 goal ?. Oh! the funding's over $200000 already. I'm too late for my comment :) @Erik - I like the first one, nice, clean, and simple. The 2nd seems a bit too much. If you're able to do a couple different stickers, I think It'd be cool to do a couple with the additional boards. Such as the Digispark with the IR mounted on it, and a slogan above that says "The Power Of IR" and one below that says "In A Square Inch". I also like that you used the CG images, instead of actual images. @Luis - Looks pretty good for a first draft. You should add a Key explaining what the difference between green, red, and white is for people who don't have Erik's Matrix in front of them. I'm almost thinking I want to do one now that shows every possible combination, but I probably don't have enough time. Here is a first stab...will iterate to make it clearer... <url>"design and layout" image. Perhaps with a pithy slogan like "What can you build in half a square inch?" or "Tiny board, huge potential" or something like that. Or possibly something practical, like a sheet of button/switch labels. @Erik C: Have a look at Update #9! ;-) Erik wrote: "if we hit $200k each order will come with some sort of Digispark backer sticker(s)" :-) When will the $200.000 usd stretch goal be released? (you are just a few hours away now) ;-) (And you should propably prepare a $250.000 also, because you will soon be there and propably upwards $300.000 before funding) "Do we need to buy stackable headers for every board we plan on stacking?" - Yes. "And do we have to unsolder and re-solder the headers that come with the boards?" - All headers will come unsoldered, so you are able to decide which one you are going to solder onto your boards. And do we have to unsolder and re-solder the headers that come with the boards? Do we need to buy stackable headers for every board we plan on stacking? Thanks for creating so many extras to help us getting started with the whole arduino platform! My digisparks will be my first electronic projects :) Erik, correct me if I am wrong, but we could set up the RFM12b to JUST receive or JUST transmit therefore allowing us 2 pins? Making sure I have things straight - I want to make tiny wireless sensors powered by battery or solar. For that the arduino fine, plus (I guess) the RF shield, the boost shield, and a breakout shield for the sensors, plus stacking headers. Are there enough ports available for the wireless and two analog sensors? Erik, when will you put up the compatible board Matrix? Any possibility of adding a decent-quality USB extension cable as an extra? I've gotten too many crappy ones that never work or fail after a few uses included with other products. Would definitely be willing to throw in a few bucks extra for something reliable instead of cheaping out on monoprice or something... Will shields be available separately after the kickstarter ends? @Joe OR you could build a different motor shield that used I2C and then share the I2C bus with that and your other needs. I'm an electronics and Arduino newbie, so forgive me if this is an elementary question. My project will be using two motors, a serial bus and an I2C bus. Does the fact that the motor shield use 4 pins imply that the other two pins need to be used for I2C OR serial, and thus I'll be unable to deploy using the Digispark? And here's the 6-channel elwire controller without being oversized... <url>… @Charles to clarify, the "new" header configuration is the one with the power headers farther to the left. That's so that you can plug your digispark and shields into a breadboard (if you leave off the VIN pin) @Charles: Erik wrote somewhere in the updates that he slightly changed the position of the 5V/GND/Vin header. So the version in the video was only a beta. If you want to see the latest version, check out the latest updates. :-) A little confused about something. The introductory video shows one header configuration on the Digispark board, but the backer page shows a different one. Additionally, the shield designs on the backer page use one header configuration or the other semi-randomly. I presume this will all be resolved before the boards go in production? 3500%!!! Nice work ! For the I2C expander is it for the digispark acting as an I2C device or is it for pluggin more I2C components (both would be useful). What's the estimated weight? (sorry if this has been asked - I couldn't find it anywhere). They'll be great for robots, and every gram counts if you're building to a competition spec with a 150g (or even 75g!) weight limit. cool project... thanks serial 8x8 LED matrix shield: <url>"bigger one" means increased from factor, than yes, most likely it will increase. Will the Pro have the same Attiny or a bigger one? @Martin: The major difference will be that Digispark Pro will have more pins. @The major difference will be that Digispark Pro will have more pins. If you manage to finalise the RFM12B shield, that would be nice to have a compatibility with the relay shield, so that wouldd make a remote switch (one digistark with RFM12B and a switch and the other one with RFM12B and the relay). Any news on the motor shield ? have you managed to reduce the number of pins used ? Now that you have stackable headers, that would be nice to have another version of the grove shield PCB (the one with I2C connector) using angle connectors. That way it's possible the stack them and still be able to plug the I2C cable on the side even if another shield is on top. What will be the deifference between this Kickstarter Digispark and the DigisparkPro? Would it be possible to add locations for a couple of buttons on the LCD shield? It looks like there would be space for one or two micro buttons (I hate seeing unused space on the shields). Almost at 4,000 backers!!!! Congratulations, at $168,332 you have edged out hexy to be the 20th most funded technology project (I'm a backer of Hexy, and there you need $200 to get the full unit). You will most likely pass #19 GoPano micro ($169,209) and #18 Sensordrone ($170,017) fairly soon. If you get past $200k you will likely nudge Dispora out of 16th place ($200,641). Thanks for adding the relay shield!!! I agree with Zachary. Seeing Digispark makes me feel like I could jump into this hobby for cheap. So a nice starter guide would sweeten this more. Currently I have a project running off of my hand-soldered I-cant-believe-it-boots-duino build on perfboard. These would be the perfect controller to replace those in two of my applications, so I'm in. Very nice work so far, I'm looking forward to seeing what else comes out of this project! It will be powering this : <url>"borrowed" from a web site and changed the name. ;)) Download: Digispark Locate your Arduino sketchbook folder (you can find its location in the preferences dialog in the Arduino software) Create a new sub-folder called “hardware” in the sketchbook folder. Copy the Digispark folder from inside the .zip to the hardware folder. You should end up with folder structure like Documents > Arduino > hardware > Digispark that contains the file boards.txt and another folder called variants. Restart the Arduino development environment. You should see Digispark entries in the Tools > Board menu. I am a arduino newbie. What is the process to get the Arduino 1.0.1 software to be compatible with the Digispark? Another $50K in two days! Perhaps you should be considering a $500K stretch goal! Congrats! and we are 150K+ :) @Dennis yes, you are right, but I was measuring with a goal that would be achieved ($150k). But you are right, good docs should not be something conditional. @Luis, I agree with you. And why I don't think it should be a stretch goal. Because if it was set up the way you are requesting it leaves the chance of not getting completed. So offering docs only in the event of a goal being meet is a bad idea. And as Erik stated, there will be examples, docs and the such. Which is a great thing indeed. you can add this one to your press section (german) <url>#4: "-NOT GOING TO BE MADE: Accelerometer, parts too small for home assembly, existing options easy to hook up" Better set a $150K goal before it is too late! I know you said that an IR emitter is too dead simple for a shield, but would it be possible to modify the IR Receiver shield to have the option of wiring either an emitter or receiver based on parts installed? I do think an IR emitter would be interesting to many. But, if it is that simple, no problem. Surface mount soldering by hand isn't that tough with a little practice. Maybe a real stretch goal - to stretch some of the backers - would be a shield with as many surface mount RGB LEDs as can be driven by the device. Maybe in 0805 so that it isn't too much of a challenge. 0603 is absolutely possible by hand if you have a good magnifier. This would be a great stretch goal - make something with a little more stretch to it. love the idea of this tiny thing :) any thoughts of adding a accelerometer/Gyro shield? @Martin a mini or micro USB shield would probably cost $3-4 to make, so you could use a mini or micro cable instead of the full size usb connector built into the board Hi Erik, a mini USB connector instead of the PCB standart USB would be to expensive I guess? What about a RF shield to build up wireless networks? Something like the "Grove - 315MHz Simple RF link kit" maybe a bit better with two way communications, I one used the "Nordic nRF2401A module" from Sparkfun which was quite good. Hi Erik. Thanks for the reply. I figured Pick and Place machines were in the design somewhere, but since manufacturing wasn't covered in detail I wanted to make sure (especially given how many of these things are going to have to be going out now that you are 2700% over your initial goal :-D ). On a lighter note, I wanted to share that I work as as software developer in the museum exhibit design industry and devices like these are becoming more common every day. I've regularly had to work with $2k+ devices that are little more than glorified Arduinos with relay switches just to turn on/off LEDs or send button presses to a computer. I'm thrilled to see Arduino-compatible devices becoming this small and affordable. It really enables the development of high-quality interactive exhibits for low-budget projects. Thank you! Great stuff Erik! Just stopping by and showing some support, looks fantastic. I look forward to making some nice projects! -Jason P. Almost 130k$! This project is on fire! @Josha I'm planning to run most projects on USB power. (blink(1) like device, CPU monitor via analog VU meter, USB ghost keyboard prank, USB powered LCD (<url>"5V" I probably mean 4.5V nominal in coin cells, or 4.8V nominal in rechargeable AAs. @Josha most of my projects will involve other 12V or 5V devices. If it requires 12V, I'll power the other device from a ~12V battery or adapter and the digispark will get 12V VIN for it's voltage regulator. If it requires 5V at low current, I'll power the digispark with whatever VIN I can conveniently supply, either over 5V to VIN, or 5V to 5V, or under 5V to the boost shield, and power the other device from the digispark's voltage regulator. If it requires 5V at high current, I'll aim to have a 5V supply for both devices. What are people thinking about for powering their Digisparks? Are people expecting that the power supply they use for whatever is connected to the Digispark would also work to power the Digispark? I'm not sure what would be good as a cheap standalone power supply from power mains (or otherwise). Maybe it would make a good stretch goal? If you could find (or build) an appropriate power supply that would be cheap in bulk. <url>"Build-A-Part Number" link on the right to assemble a SSQ-103-23-F-S and SSQ-106-23-F-S. <url>"test led". Why does it have a "test LED"? @Dennis a triac shield might be appropriate for that, rather than a relay. triacs work kinda like transistors, but for AC. RFM12B wireless would be great! Turning my pond's pump (230V 200mA) on and off (based on weather conditions). @Dennis I can't find any reasonably useful relay that will fit on a digispark shield, let alone with added headers. What do you plan to do with a relay that you couldn't do with the MOSFET shield? @Sparr: I don't forget that. Well, two may be too much, but with a slightly larger shield pcb one relay + header could fit. @Dennis don't forget that in addition to the relays you also need terminals or headers or at least plated holes for the additional circuit connections. I'd love to see a personal backer option to get stackable female headers, either as an add-on or a replacement for the normally included headers. If some other arrangement pin headers are going to be the norm, we should aim to standardize on one configuration or another. Female headers on top of the digispark and male on the bottom of shields is similar to arduino, perhaps that? There are some small relays available (like the one in the fritzing.org StarterKit). What about a relay shield (with maybe 1 or 2 relays)? Would be great to use a Digispark as a sensor controlled on/off switch. @Luis a memory shield is a great idea! It shouldn't be hard to do, and would use 2 or 3 pins depending on the chip. @William That is plausible. The 30-LED shield I posted uses all the pins, so that's out. But there will probably be OLED and LCD and LED+shiftregister shields that use 2 or 3 pins, and that would still allow you to use 2-3 pins to talk to a wireless module of some sort. It would be non-trivial, but doable. SD shield sound great, but seems to be pretty hard to use. At least if you are going to using the standard SD library (5.6k!). Shield Idea - It has been mentioned in I think one comment, but I do not see it in the list of shield ideas being considered or not being considered: Memory Shield - add an EEPROM to the digispark? After much lurking and imagining (and seeing some friends back this) I manned up. I would absolutely go for an RFM12b shield and a MicroSD shield if made available. Looking forward to seeing this develop! Congratulations! Sorry, newbie question - can I connect Digispark to a bluetooth shield and LED shield (eg. 30-LED) or LCD shield and use a PC or iPhone to control and display patterns or messages? Thanks in advance. @Michael Thank you for a informative comment. I was thinking more about musical output with some adjustment also to volume. I think buzzer is not a nice way to wake up, but perhaps Digispark is not so suitable for an alarm clock as there is not many ports. I am also interested in Modkit project and currently wondering if it can be used to program Digispark. @Guatam many LED strips take 12V for the LEDs and 5V for data. Others take 5V for both. Either of those would work well with the digispark. Is it possible to built shield for controlling 12v RGB flex led with digispark? It will be cool for project like this <url>"NOTE: The breakout shield is now available in two pin configurations, see the backer page or shield update for details." Thanks a lot, Erik!!!!! You know how to get your backers happy! :-) (... and you know how to get my money ;-) ;-) ) @Michael: No, they aren't going to assemble them by hand (not possible if you have to solder 7000 pieces). Erik told me that they are using Reflow soldering (<url>"personal backer page". @Dave: You'll get a message with a link to your personal backer page within 1 or 2 hours after pledging. On this page you are able to add shields. Just pledged... woot woot! How do you add shields ro your pledge? Thanks for the header breakout board. On my UNO, I've found some projects work better with the sensor shield IV, and some work better with the proto shield. I find the sensor shield works better for experimenting. while for projects I'm working the proto shield is better, because I can take it off the UNO without undoing the wires. @Erik *just* like? the key detail is that the V+ and GND columns are offset by half a row from their neighboring main breadboard rows. approximate 0.05" (half a row) offset: <url>"breadboard ready" PCBs out there, especially power supplies (notice the first example of each sort I provided!) only work with 50% of existing PCBs unless you bend the pins a lot :( woot so close to breaking 75k :D this makes the Roo happy!!! @Erik for your "Breadboard Compatible" power pin positions, which breadboard standard are you using? some breadboards have the power rails on the same grid as the main holes, some have them offset by half a hole (<url>µA this would run for quite a few hours. Reading out data via USB and perhaps also charging; Will the micro sd shield be available on the list sent out? When you reach your stretch goals, and the price of the shields is lowered, I assume everybody is going to change their pledge accordingly, which could possibly send the total amount pledged back below the goal level. What's the plan on how you are going to deal with this? Also, is it a Groove module, or a Grove module? I'm seeing Grove on the Seeed site. The problem with the grove shield is you only have 2 connections. With the through hole proto shield, you could do it for pins p0-p5 by doing a solder bridge from a 5v pin to all of the holes in the 4th column (next to the pins for the signal) and a solder bridge from a ground pin to all of holes in the 3rd column (next to the 5v row), and putting 3 male headers through the 5 rows. You wouldn't be able to do pin 6 because of the ground rails. For the RGB shield, it is a shame that you are out of space. It would have been convenient to have had room for a small momentary switch on the board. Ditto for the IR shield. Thanks for the comment about ADC. It makes sense to have some analog inputs. What will be the power draw of the digispark (assuming nothing else connected)? Trying to figure out if I can feasibly use these in a combo mood/backup lighting system -- but for the backup lighting part, I'd need as low a power draw as possible so the batteries can power the lighting longer. Hi Erik! Any chance of adding mounting holes to the board so that it can easily be mounted to a project box? I guess these are low cost enough to be simply hot glued or velcro'd in place, but I prefer to keep my projects securely mounted with screws. =] I'm happy to see that the new revision allows plugging into a breadboard! Now I can plug my breadboard into my USB! @Erik - Phew! I was thinking something was off! Oh so the PCB in the pic is up side down then? Oh. Cool! But why are the headers male then? Sorry I'm new to this kind of stuff. What is the use of the thru hole PCB? Hey Michael, the Digispark has ADC on 4 Pins. ADC means "analog digital converter" or "analog input". In terms of shields, in addition to a proto, smt and RGB shields, a sensor shield would be useful, with each of the 6 arduino pins having 3 pins (G, V, S) so that you could directly plug in a servo (or sensor if the digitspark has analog input). Or maybe the proto sheild could have the appropriate holes that we could solder in the appropriate header. @Bart ditto - can't live without google translate. for people, like me, who can't read Norwegian: google translate to the rescue: <url>#digispark? ;) #arduino hotel room-key hack <url>#tk.rss_news @Andrew @Erik - I agree with Andrew, maybe even just the PCB as one of the free PCBs and we build it and buy components separately. A micro sd shield would be nice. Any thoughts of a branded usb extender cable for Digispark funding? I would go for one, maybe two! more detail on the noiseplug <url>≈100 new backers in the last 60 minutes! THT or SMD? But I think possibility one ("$1 for an RGB shield with all the parts (unassembled)") sounds better. Oh this is awesome. Glad to see someone beat me to the ATTINY85 based dev board, and so awesomely well done too. :) "Football's coming home!" ... oh, no ... "Digispark's coming home! It's coming home! It's coming home! It's coming!" Congratulations Erik! $20.275 (without shipping) in 4 days!!!! Second goal achieved! What's coming next??? @Helena Given the problems with Chinese factories I can understand Erik's concern about ethical production. While companies can make their own choices there is clearly a lot that governments can do to make it feasible to do onshore production of boards based on US/EU designed silicon ]. This was highlighted by the raspberry PI team who couldn't make the numbers stack up for doing production in the UK (<url>" I'm thinking a variety of sensors could be used for more random data - like perhaps a noisy junk light sensor, at least their data looks random to me sometimes" - Well under some conditions you are right! I will take a closer look on TRNGs or/and CSPRNG (cryptographically secure pseudo-random number generator). CSPRNG should be pretty easy to implement. Congrats on hitting your first stretch goal!! @Mark S: A "shield", when it comes to Arduino projects (and possibly other microcontrollers) is an addon board that stacks on top of the Arduino (so it looks like a shield covering the device). Any pins available on the arduino itself are then passed thru the shield. - Some shields are simply "prototype" shields. They pass the pins and have a spot in the center of the shield for you do wire up your own project. Example: <url>µController (especially with the limited resources of an ATtiny85). But unfortunately the Arduino IDE is not able to upload hex files assembled with other software. How can I upload my own assembled binaries? What about your bootloader? Will it be protected against "accidental overwriting"? I would really appreciate a little "How to get code onto Digispark" update. I just backed this project and I was wondering how the digispark is programmable by usb. Does it have a FTDI chip or how exactly it is able to communicate with the computer without a external ISP circuit? Thanks and great work! Sounds great. I would love to put one of these in some kind of potting box like this one. <url>#ht_4738wt_1064 Another stretch goal could be start designing another Digispark at e.g. 500%. Some kind of a "PRO" model besides the original one, with a slightly bigger aspect ratio (e.g. 22.5mm x 24mm, which is still incredibly small) and more (12) I/O pins. I think 6 pins are quite enough for most projects, but there are still some situations you need more (e.g. to read/write data from/onto a SD card). In a lot of these situations it's inconvenient to use an comparatively giant Arduino Uno board. Most every project idea I have includes a need for some sort of wireless communication back to a computer or smartphone. Is it possible to add WiFi, Bluetooth, or ZigBee either through the I/O ports or USB? Awesoe project! One of our local retail store chains here in Sweden, that focus on electronics and varoius household gadgets, have one of the cheaper Arduino models, but one of those costs more than three of these digisparks + shipping (~250 SEK). This thing is SOOO worth the money! I think I'm going to move my Dovado Tiny to behind my TV together with my Raspberry Pi, and plug one of these to a USB hub connected to the Pi. Add an IR LED and I can use my smartphone as a TV controller! And if I add a few more LEDs of varoius colors, I can use them as status indicators. And then I still don't know what to do with my other two sparks... @david: That's still a pseudo random number generator since the typing is only a pseudo random value (influenced by its user). But maybe it's possible to design sensors for atmospheric noise or other truly random phenonema. here's a nice project for the digispark: a usb password generator for truly random passwords <url>"put the Digispark back in your life" "'Son, either with this or on this.'" note: Spartan mothers told their sons to come back with their shield or on it dead, but not without it meaning they'd run away from battle ;) this is the $50 olimex debugger for which the digispark + shield would be a cheap'n'cheerful replacement <url>"What color should the production boards be?" - White! (Like the Sapphire Motherboards) But least something different than the usually used colors, which are often green, blue, brown and black. "What color LEDs should be used?" - I think a blue LED would fit perfectly to a white PCB! :-) Hi Erik, you should update your pitch and offer a free LED blinker programme to get you over the funding line. This othes LED blinker project which is active at the moment has raised $116k for essentially the same project as yours! <url>