@ido, All of the Kickstarter color combiners were the same, start to finish. The next design change might come when we make the full-color hologram kit available as a regular retail product. I'll most likely make an announcement to all the Kickstarter supporters when that happens. Hopefully that will be in the early part of this year. Thanks for checking in. - Paul Yes, you've all been very patient, and I am incredibly grateful that you stuck with me through all this. The necessary pieces for the combiners are being completed now and everything else is ready to go. So pray for good progress in the next few days. And then speedy shipment. Thanks again. - Paul @Chuck, No, your laser mounts should sit quite securely on the stilts. Do you have them upside-down? When you have them the right way, the notches on the stilts keep the laser mount on top quite well. Send me a picture via e-mail and I will take a look to see what is wrong. - Paul @Raluca, The blue looked right. I can't tell, but I think you may not have removed the front barrel and lens from the red. You need to take these off, and the red beam should spread somewhat similar to the blue. The green is the odd one, with a circular beam instead and a narrow spread. You'll most likely need to back it farther from the film than the others. - Paul @Miguel, Saw your rewards on the list going out next. Should be this week. Thanks for your patience. Can't wait to see what color holograms you make. - Paul @ido, Please send me a message to know what plastic parts you might need replaced. I would be happy to help you out. It is unlikely the broken parts are causing any stability issues in your set-up unless you broke the Plate Support or the Plate Holder Base (hard to do). The other components do not require much in the way of stability, since this is a single-beam set-up, and is quite robust. The hologram's stability for this design is really all in the relative movement between the film plate and the object. - Paul @Rob, @Raluca, Thanks for your patience as we slowly work through the deliveries. By the end of this week we should be at 50% shipped. Every month I say, "We should be able to finish by the end of this month," and then something else springs loose to drive us off track temporarily. I will try to give more updates as we complete more shipments. Thanks. - Paul @chuck, Yes, this can do full-color transmission holograms, and in fact this was the original concept before I figured out a novel method for a fairly simple color combiner. Currently the instructions outline a reflection full-color hologram as the primary use, but I will be adding details for a full-color transmission set-up later as well. Thanks. - Paul @ido, For your vertical Star Wars hologram, the videos look like the all of the different lasers are hitting the film, but may not be illuminating your objects well. The blue looked good (appears to hit center of film plate and illuminate the figures well), but the red looked shifted over toward Princess Leah, and the green looked off in one corner, and was not reflecting well off the objects. Also, I noticed you have the blue beam up higher (boosted up on a book) and all of your lasers fairly far away. I would try bringing the blue laser down to its normal height, bring the lasers in closer, and try getting a successful attempt with a shorter exposure (your lasers look quite bright, so I am surprised at the 12 minute exposure). I think sacrificing some plate coverage (I know you moved the blue back for better coverage) would be a good start first to get a successful result, then start moving things back for after you've got things worked out at this level. Thanks. - Paul @ido, For shooting coins, you might want to try painting them. The bare coins are often too specular, which means they reflect well, but only in very angled directions. Painting them will make the reflection a bit more diffuse, scattering light in all directions. I would recommend a spray paint that has some metal in it (we have some at the hardware store here with zinc), which reflects the lasers strongly (and diffusely) while also having the added bonus of better preserving the polarization. Give it a try. - Paul @Sergey, Just sent you a message so that we can get you a new green laser. As for your most recent video, it looked like your #3 hologram had a definite band across the middle, perhaps indicating movement of the plate. You could try spray painting the base, instead of gluing paper. And #4 looks like the whole plate may have moved and caused a very dark image. You mentioned you are using a custom 3D printed plate holder, which I think is causing some of your problems. I can't tell you anything about the holographic stability of the printed plastic, but I think it might just be the kinematic stability of your design. Rather than just an outer box (I think that is what I am seeing in your video), you might try a printed design that has a kinematic 3-point stability to prevent any minute wobbling or balance issues. Your custom created plate holder may just need some slight design changes to ensure stability. Also, I don't think it wise to run the lasers on the LiPo batteries until I've been able to run some further tests. The peak voltage of 4.2V for the LiPo definitely concerns me and I am still worried that it will damage the laser. Even if the laser and circuitry can handle the voltage, the additional heat will very likely add instability to the holographic qualities of the laser. We test all the lasers here with 3V as part of their holographic quality check, so I know this is safe and stable. I will see if future tests show the ability to use other power sources. Thanks. - Paul @Sergey, I think you may have damaged your green laser by overvoltaging it with the LiPo batteries (3.7-4.2V for LiPo vs. 3V regular batteries). This would cause overheating and dramatically drop output power, and probably damage the green laser. Switch back to regular C-type batteries, and see if the green laser will operate properly. - Paul @Raluca, Yes, you should get an e-mail confirmation from the shipping company (usually USPS) when yours gets shipped. Thanks. - Paul @ido, I'm not quite sure what you mean. If you are using the Full-Color Spacers for Reflection holograms (Red Spacer and Green Spacer) then the angles are indicated by the arrows. The blue laser sits on the tower at the correct angle. From there it is mainly just adjusting the distances for color balance in the red and green. And the diagram in the instructions shows the overall layout. If you like, send me an email with some pictures of how you have things set up, and I will take a look to see if everything looks good. Thanks. - Paul @Sergey, Great videos. You're getting some good blue in your holograms, which makes me so happy because getting blue in this full-color hologram kit was really difficult. First, the dark areas at the top of some of your holograms are not vibration, but most likely just not getting enough light, particularly since you moved the blue beam back and are having difficulties with green. This special "Instant Hologram" film has a threshold power necessary to expose, and if you don't reach that power (like at the top of some of your holograms where it is probably too dim), it simply does not expose no matter how long your exposure. Once you've got a good red/blue balance (which it looks like you are close), keep moving the green laser in closer until you get the right balance. I would also check your green laser batteries (the C batteries) and try using fresh ones, since the green laser uses the most power and drains batteries the fastest. The green beam is narrower, so you may need to sacrifice film coverage to get better color balance. Let me know how this works for you. You seem very close. - Paul @Sergey, As you have noticed, the separate sequential exposure for the colors does not produce good results. This is because the "Instant Hologram" film needs a threshold power below which it will not expose (this is why the green did not expose at all separately, and why the blue only exposed a small area separately), and each threshold for each color is different. Now you can understand one of the many difficulties of making this full-color kit a reality. The film needs the combined simultaneous power of all the different colored beams to expose properly. Your first attempt (the one from <url>"x3" plates, but if we get overfunded, we will start looking at larger sizes. So help us surpass our goal, and make that happen! Thanks. @kiran Thanks for the that. I love hearing from people who have made holograms with our kits, and want MORE. Help spread the word, if you can. Thanks. @taylor Great idea. I'll see what kind of ideas we can come up with. Thanks. @arturo Quite right. Thanks for your help in answering @corey. Hi Paul ! I am glad to hear that the full color kit is finely out on the market and that the laser and color combiner are much better now. Infect, I am one of the first supporter of the kickstarter campaign. I was very happy when I got my kickstarter kit, but I didn’t manage to make even one full color hologram…the lasers where unstable and the combiner was not perfect. Now that you have a stable lasers and a new color combiner, maybe you can offer a special program/price for replacing the kickstarter lasers and combiner ? I have all the other parts, I don’t need to buy a kit for 229$...but I will be glad to get better lasers and combiner. As I never manage to make even one color hologram, I actually stopped trying to make full colors holograms…. but I would really love to get new lasers and combiner and try The full color process again Thanks ido Is this dead? No updates since Oct 2013. I would like that color hologram that was originally projected to ship 2 years ago. In regards to the credit you are offering to those who jumped on board with the $10 color hologram; What is the price of the objects we can use the credit against? For example, you list the red hologram kit as $90 for backers. Can I use my credit on that item at the $90 price. Kit just arrived! Thanks Paul for all the hard work! If you ever get any ideas about larger film plates or create an 'upgrade' kit with even better lasers or other stuff drop me a line. I second ido's question -- have you found a more effective version of the combiner? @Paul did you change anything during kit production in the kit parts ?i mean, is the combiner the first backer got in the early kits are the same as the combiner you are making now ? are there any changes inside the kits during the last year ? thanks ido Please can we have an update?... 5% of 165 is just over 8, assuming humans are counted using whole numbers let's round that up to 9 so we have whole humans. That's not a lot of people waiting but we've been very patient and I'm sure we're still all looking forward to the day the kits arrive! Still no kit. Any news update? Help! Does anyone else have a blind spot on the color combiner? The top third doesn't reflect the light unless I tilt the combiner. @Stefan i sent you a mail with the instruction fiew hours ago if you didnt get it please send me a mail to <email> and i will reply back with the PDF ido Finally got my kit, but the e-mail with the instructions somehow didn't get through at my gmail account... :( Any alternate way to get the instruction manual? Still haven't received my kit, and getting a little worried. Is anyone else still waiting? I'm jealous of what you all are doing with your kits, sounds like fun. Here we go: <url>#!topic/diy-full-color-litiholo-hologram-kit/VFd3IuRXB2A p://youtu.be/GIrgOfm8bjU where are all the links to all the holograms the backers are making ? can you share them to all of us ? 1st let me say thank you to Paul for doing this project and for following through with his commitment. I received my kit a few days ago. I did appreciate the extra laser mounts. It was wise to anticipate breakage of that particular part because one of the mounts was broke upon arrival. I thought the kit was professionally packaged and labeled appropriately. I had no issues putting it together. I did one reflection holo last night and although I didn't spend lots of time adjusting the color ratios, the 1st attempt with a 10 minute exposure was a success. I used the bottle caps and I can readily see them in my 65watt halogen lights. Holography is not easy but to get even mediocre results on a fairly rushed process is impressive. It will be fun to refine the process (polarization, color balance, exposure times, etc.) and get good quality holograms. Please post your suggestions and tips as we move to the next step in this endeavor. Just wanted to say that I've received the shipping notice over here in Eng-er-land, and I'm reliably informed I was near the end of the queue, so for anybody still waiting, it won't be long. Will report back. :) Regards, Michael Sounds like everyone is having fun so far. Does anyone know where we're at in the shipping queue? :-) My kits sat in the basement for a while but i finally broke the one out. Am I the only (I doubt it) that used scotch tape to hold everything together? The laser mounts kept trying to fall out of the stilts. :-( I haven't tried to make a hologram yet because I'm still trying to see how well i can get all the beams to combine on the white paper. I might tape a string on the base of the blue laser so i can pull it up the platform a little and not have it sit against the plastic tabs. <url>"kid testing" ? you told us about them in one of your updates, can we see them ? WHERE ARE ALL THE BACKERS T HAT GOT THE KIT ? WHY DONT YOU ALL SHARE WITH US YOUR FULL COLOR HOLOGRAMS ? Hi Arturo, under sunlight it is almost the same like under halogen. i can even say that under halogen it is a bit better then under direct sun light. Hi ido... it is interesting that the colors seem better under the lasers, maybe the blue/green components in the halogen lamp are not so good... have you tried sunlight? HI all here is a link to the recent tests i made this weekend <url>"Thank You" card. Oh well..... Good idea with the Google group.. Hope my name is coming up soon too. My first kit with the 30 additional plates arrived yesterday. I quickly put it together and made a hologram with the bottle caps. It is not nearly are nice as those shared before but it visible. It is quite red so I know I am not following the color split rule ( 1 red, 2 green and 4 blue ) as in the instructions,but it still works and it is visible, specially with the black plate behind it. There is a lot of adjusting ahead but the principle functions. I have setup a Google Group for us to share our experiences and learning at <url>#!forum/diy-full-color-litiholo-hologram-kit . If there is another place to discuss and help each other than this one please post the link. I will certainly need help to optimize the process and would like to share the pain/joy with other kit owners. I'm crossing my fingers that my name is coming up soon! @Paul, thanks for the update. I am really looking forward to use the kit as you can clearly see. Thanks for working hard to get everyone their kits. @chuck, have you received the actual kit? Do you recall at what stage of the campaign (how many days remaining) did you buy tit? I bought two kits on the last day to get it over the $30,000 line but have unfortunately not received any information whatsoever on when I should expect them. @Paul Hi Paul, about 3 weeks ago, i sent you a mail via the "contact me" (here in cickstarter) regarding the broken parts that i have. did you recived this mail ? thanks Ido Yes i did. First an email from the usps saying it was being and then a second email (this one from Paul) with instructions on how to use it. @Chuck did you receive your shipping notification by email? Woo Hoo!! I just got my shipping notification. They must be getting close to the end now. Ido, that sounds like a good plan. Now to find where to keep it all. @Steven as you can read in previous posts, i got around 6 parts that broke up during assembling and disassembling the setup, i guess the way to prevent it is to assemble the set once and just leave it as is, never disassmbling it. I just got my hologram kit today. Couple of questions...I received no instructions - is there a place to go to get them? Also one of the tabs broke off on the laser tower just assembling it into the base. Will that affect the holograph quality? thanks! I just got my hologram kit today. Couple of questions...I received no instructions - is there a place to go to get them? Also one of the tabs broke off on the laser tower just assembling it into the base. Will that affect the holograph quality? thanks! but...i am disappionted from the plastic parts quality used on the kit, major part on mine are already broke up... i am sure most of my stability problem comes from all the proken parts i have. did any one else broke some parts during the setup process ? @Chuck Well, I cannot assume anything hence I haven't even seen the kit...but yes,I think none of use should expect too much from some laser diodes;honestly at its price this kit will probably provide a limited experience but no one said it is going to be professional.. What I would want to know is exactly the answer to your question below.. @ Backers who received their kit.. Where are you guys..I've only seen few results posted here..is there any other place where you post? Also.... It's May already, in two months from now it's going to be 1 year (correct me if I'm wrong ??) i know that making holograms is not an easy procsss, anf full color is even hardef... i am not disapointed from the kit (not yet...), but as the glass plates are expensive, i dont want to waste them just for another test, i need others people ideas on how to make them better... and i realy wonder is whats the quality of the holograms that paul manage to make from the same kint, and maybe to get more ideas from him also. I kind of wonder ( like some others I suspect) If there are 80 kits out there where are all the kit other kit owners? Hi Raluca, That's the problem. If I understood Ido's post correctly ( correct me if I'm wrong Ido) he's a little disappointed in the kit. Hence his question as to whether or not Paul has any holograms he could share. I'm pretty much assuming the kit won't make real good holograms (based on the comments posted here) but I'm hoping if other lasers (not diode lasers) are used that maybe the results will be better. Hi Ido, Yes some of us are still waiting..:( However you are right ;maybe a fb group or google group (not everyone has a fb account) would be a good idea,to share ideas&results.. Even though I haven't got my kit yet,I'd enjoy watching your results; Sorry Ido a good number of are still waiting. :-( But we know our turn is coming!! come on everybody, share your ideas !! tell us all if you manage to make a full color holograms, tell us how to make better holograms, i tried to make some, but i need your ideas for better and brighter ones!! lets join forces !! what about paul holograms ? can we see them ? are they better then mine ? how can we make the full color holograms shine on sun light ? come on !! If it's about 50% shipped, that means I might come up soon! It was about halfway through when I signed on. I did the twofor, and one was meant as a christmas present lol. Hey Paul, not wanting to steal anyone elses place in the queue, but imma be in japan from mid may to mid june and after that move to a new address within Germany, so if shipping until end of April is not possible then can i change my shipping address somehow? Because it will prolly go directly to customs in germany and they return it if i don't claim it - so it would be cool if it wouldn't arrive when I'm on vacation. Having jumped on board with only 23 minutes left on the clock, I'm pretty close to being backer #165. I expect Paul will have the color motion hologram setup worked out by the time my gear arrives. You folks that already have yours, keep the rest of us posted on the fun. This just keeps getting better. Wow. Has everybody given up? I shouldn't talk I haven't been able to find time to play with the new HeNe I got off of eBay. @Rob Yes, I think that's a good idea too Paul Is there any chance of a status update on how far through the orders you've gotten? It would be much appreciated - I've been getting more excited as people leave comments about the kit but I'm still waiting for mine. @chuck It has been a while since I did my reading. I searched for something like photopolymer holography. I did not go into details, I just wanted to confirm my suspicion that diffusion was involved. As I understand (and I may be wrong), when exposed to light some kind of reaction takes place that changes optical properties of the polymer (not sure which). Then more unexposed polymer diffuses in from the unexposed areas. As a result, in the unexposed areas pretty much no unexposed polymer remains after exposure. From what I heard, bleaching only affects completely unexposed areas and is optional (again, I may be wrong) PS I doubt we ever exposed it to the point of fully using up the pigment. Otherwise we wouldn't need the exposé it to bright light bleach it. Why does exposing it to bright light bleach it instead ruining it? Sorry I still don't understand. Sergei, Your response contains my question. You say "after exposure". What defines the "end" of exposure? Also what diffuses? You obviously know more about this polymer then I. What is it you googled? I'm sure I could learn a lot if I read what found (assuming it applies to the correct polymer). TIA @chuck I did some googling, and what I found is that there is a diffusion process involved. The polymer diffuses from the unexposed areas to the exposed areas (and in a hologram these areas are just a wavelength apart). Thus, after exposure, all sensitive material is used up. This diffusion process is the limiting factor for the exposure duration and also explains why the sensitive layer has to be soft and gooey - to allow for this migration. Paul After exposing the polymer to the laser light for exposure, what stops "development"? I mean why doesn't turning on room lights ruin the hologram? TIA #ido Your coin was on a white background, yet on the finished hologram the background is completely invisible. That suggests that you probably have the same issue as I do with the plate stability and vibrations. Did the coin support the glass plate firmly and securely ? Does the kit do transmission holograms? If so has anyone tried one? @All the last video (and the most disappointing one), the outcome of the vertical hologram... as you can see, the blue is very strong in all my setups, i must put the green and red a bit closer <url>" from the object and the red laser about 6" away I made a video of my green laser warming up. Do others see the same behavior ? Turning it on: <url>"development"? I mean why doesn't turning on the room lights destroy the image? At some point it becomes safe to expose the polymer to bright light so that the polymer can be bleached clear .... but why is that different from exposing the polymer to the laser light? @Sergey the R2D2 hologram plate was lying flat on top of the r2d2 die cast, it looks far because of the figure volume. can you try do do a vertical hologram or one that have more volume then the caps. i cant find a lot of objects that the film will sit rest horizontal on them @ido You caps hologram looks great. The R2D2 seems to be too far from the plate. The closer it is the better. @Chuck it is the same film, and same no process is needed. you just expose the film to the 3 laser colors and hope you will get a hologram. maybe paul cal tell us more about the film Hi guys, I haven't gotten my kit yet but I follow the postings avidly. Thanks for posting. Two questions: Paul could you post some pictures of holograms you've made? and Is this "film" different from the film used for the monochrome kit or is the film the same and just the process is different for the full-color kit? Thank you very much everyone. @all same hologram difrent side: <url>"light" up the room... and yours seems to be a small dot, maybe that is the problem with your green laser. in my horisontal tests, i also had big parts of the plate turn black, i also dont know what is the reason. i will try to do a test with diecast object, and this time take sone ics of the process. are you using the paper plates to cover the lasers? or you found a difrent way that work better ? Has everyone received their kits? The last I heard from Paul about shipments was back in November, then nothing other than his comments (not related to shipments) below on January 22nd. Are there others still waiting or just as luck falls I am the last one on the list? Even if that is he case it would be nice to have some idea of the schedule. Ok... lots to do and comment, and already past midnight. I have uploaded two videos with my most successful tries (out of 5). Still no comments there. I am uploading photos to flickr to which I will add comments tomorrow, and hopefully I will make a verbose description of the process in my blog. In the meantime: 1) My review of the original kit: <url>"Estimated Delivery: Sept 2012"... time for another check in? Any updates Paul ? I've been also wondering...it's September already... :-/ Paul? Hey Paul, how's it going? Any exciting progress? :-D Just filled out my survey I can hardy wait to be in full color! I've got the same question, can't wait! So , any news ?? Hey Paul, are we expecting those emails soon? This user's account has been deleted. Lol.. That will teach me to surf the net. After 30+ yrs of making holograms the old way, I decided to buy a new toy and try out the Litiholo kit. Then I ran into the Kickstarter RGB system with 23 minutes left... I've made RGB holos but with a lab full of equipment and 3 fussy lasers and never considered making the investment to do it at home. ( That and the chemistry is ugly.. ) Thanks Paul.. I can hardly wait... @Paul: A cool addon would be a blog or website giving out some news from the project, maybe secret test logs like which lasers and parts were crap and which ones were great, stuff that went wrong during testing, which developer was worst and such. Some hologram fans like me would sure enjoy reading that more than any comic book :) And good luck! I'm sure imma buy the finished production kit for all of my friends. =) Woohoo! Funded! Yeeeeeeha!!!!!!! Got it!!!! You can up-rate it at slashdot here: <url>"New Hologram project launched - Kickstarter" - It points to an old unfunded kickstarter project rather than this one. Joseph, They currently have kits up to 4x5, but the bigger plates need more powerful lasers - they have stated in the past that the lasers that come with the 2x3 are not powerful enough to fully illuminate the larger plates. (I am assuming even if you back them away, they don't have enough activation energy to kick off the exposure reaction...) I don't think it has to do with better vibration protection, just power. But as another elementary school kid from the 70's, I will tell you even the small ones are pretty freaking awesome. Check out my video review on amazon.com to see kind of what they look like. And if you do a reflection hologram and view it in white light, it is just amazing! Ever since reading about lasers and holograms in the 70's as an elementary school kid, I wanted to make holograms. But, never could quite justify the money and effort to do it. But, I want to do more than 2x3. So, I am just doing the $10 support for now. I am eager for the next phase with lasers that can handle your larger plates. But, perhaps I am needlessly sitting on the sidelines. Do you expect that your lasers with power for 2x3 could handle the larger plates by just extending the exposure time? Perhaps by building an isolation table to reduce vibrations? @paul - have you sent info of the kickstarter project out to your current and recent customers? I'm sure that they would find this exciting. I see that it's not moving up so fast after i made my pledge, and I would be disappointed if I couldn't shove money your way. Also, throw it up on a facebook group, or have people drum up neat ideas like full color holographic christmas cards. Take that gramma. @Paul, thanks. I think someone already mentioned this, but it might be a good idea to include rewards with added (or only) film at a discount price. I am sure many of us would rise our pledge gladly with an added bonus, thanks @Paul, Could you post some update with about the non-laser parts of the kit, like the path of the laser beams, elements to mix them, lenses?... Thanks. @Paul: Thanks for the response. I'm getting the word out as quickly as I can (I'm super-excited about this). @Paul (addendum): Also, will these lasers be powerful enough to develop one of the 4"x5" plates? @Paul: Quick question: Will the rig you're working on to hold the three diodes be compatible with the current reflection hologram upgrade kit? Wow! Already 1/3rd of the total funding... this is looking good. A very happy returning customer of Litiholo here. Congratulations on the KickStarter Paul. You have my backing. Any chance we could add to our backing amount to get a discount on extra plates? Just a thought. @corey Right, given this proccess, since no chemicals are needed you only need to worry about getting new plates (and batteries to run the lasers :) ). To have an idea of costs, check the litiholo.com page. The plates should be the same they are already selling. I am not fully familiar with this process, but the only expendable is the hologram plates? Is that most of the cost? If not, what would be the cost to buy more plates? I'm so excited! I'm spreading the word as well as I can. Paul, I am glad to see you took into account some comments from me to your previous project. As promised, I am on board already, and spreading the word on Facebook, twitter, g+ and soon my blog (idlemindworkshop.com). Thanks for this.