I can definitely corroborate on that. We had *a lot* of family and friends support us, including many who were not initially familiar with kickstarter and crowdfunding, but who still wanted to throw their hat in the ring to support us. But while it's true that a lot of our family and friends chipped in, I am by no means discounting the allegations brought up here. As always, we will continue to be open and transparent about the matter and report any and all discrepancies to amazon/ks. If those pledges are removed and it brings us below the goal and we don't make it, then so be it and that is fair and square. We did spend money marketing and promoting this project and it will be a very bad hit for us, but we want as little to do with all of this as anyone else. Hi folks, Just finished a long day of production planning and jumped in to see a blast. Wanted to address a few things quickly here. Riggo, I agree with you, just as I have previously agreed with Goat as well. Something is definitely off. From our end, we previously reported the matter to kickstarter and amazon payments, and will continue to do so again. I will be PMing you to get more information so I could pass them off in our next message. We have nothing to hide here and have done everything possible before to solve the matter, and will continue to do so in the future as well. Jared, I'm very sorry to hear that your privacy has been violated. I'm sure Riggo would be able to update his spreadsheet so your name is blanked out. As always, I will be chipping away at the project, but Bob will be here for any follow-up questions. And I'm always open to a PM. Hi folks, I was away for the long weekend, but now I'm back. Most of my attention and energy has shifted towards prepping and planning for the production of the project while other people (like Bob) are monitoring the comment, but I'll still be checking in from time to time. We have already sent messages to Kickstarter and Amazon about the accounts and will be following up with more to be clear on our end. Additionally, Mr. Thisner is definitely working with us on some of our other projects (we are producing two other titles at the time of writing this), and yes, he is working to find funding. He's helping us prep up for some investor pitches we have next month. But he's not involved with this campaign (in fact, he's even a backer for this one). We'll be mounting up for a second round of paid advertisements and other promotional activities in just a few days, so keep your eyes and ears peeled! In the meanwhile, here's Part 2 of our John Watson: A Prologue series. <url>"Ridiculous!" said the devs. They had worked hard to plan, create, execute and market this campaign. There was no foul play at hand on their end. But as the allegations continued, some more people in the community said the same thing. So the devs, having nothing to hide, said alright! We'll do whatever is in our power to solve this. We'll write to the publisher, we'll write to the crowdfunding website, and we'll even write to the payment agency. So they wrote to the publisher, they wrote to the crowdfunding website, and they even wrote to the payment agency. All three of them told them that they were not doing anything wrong and that they should continue promoting the campaign. They went back to their community and told them what the response was. Some people cheered for them, others were even more disgruntled. Meanwhile, the string of negativity almost brought their campaign to a standstill. Some of the people egged them on to do more. So the devs said, ok we will do more. We'll go back to the people we talked with before and see if they can be pressed for further action. Some people cheered on that as well, and yet some were still disgruntled. They called for the campaign to be cancelled and relaunched without the publisher's support. The devs ran the numbers, and that was unfeasible and could lead to considerable losses for their little studio. So they said that while that's not something we can do, rest assured we will push for action. And all this while, the devs were spending a huge part of their time, energy, and efforts into talking to their community, to journalists and to set the record straight. Some of them had lives and families outside of work that they completely ignored because it was being suggested - directly or indirectly - that they were behind some foul play and they wanted to be clear and prove it otherwise. And then there were allegations that even if the devs were not directly involved, someone else was pumping them up - perhaps the publisher, perhaps the Knights Templars - and that the devs should do everything possible to find out who they were. And you know what? The devs said, ok. On their end, they could only reach back to the three musketeers mentioned before. And they were willing to do that. But alas, even that was not sufficient for some. This was really, really disheartening for the devs. And then everything they were doing in their campaign was grumpled upon. Why is that reward in this tier? Why did you get more funding one day and less another? Why did you use these words instead of those? Why do you like bacon for breakfast? A small realization began to appear to the devs. Perhaps... perhaps it was not possible to please everyone all the time. Perhaps, despite their best efforts, some would never ever be happy. And so the devs said, you know what, we'll do everything possible on our end. We're doing more than anyone else has done throughout this whole mess, but if some still have concerns that we are not doing enough, maybe we should leave them alone. Is that the right way to go? There was doubt. They didn't really know. But they were trying their best and some people were very under-appreciative of that fact. And so the devs decided they would be transparent as always and do whatever they could about the matter, but that they would start spending their energy on the game that they wanted to build - the reason this all started in the first place. That that would be their ultimate tribute in the matter. Some people would be happy, some people would be sad. There was already a lot of damage done. There were still a lot of critics, but the focus now had to shift on those who were still supporting them, supporting the project, and supporting the campaign. The End. Thanks, @Riggo. We're not very upbeat about any of this ourselves. You have seen me determined to do whatever I can to get to the bottom of this. I have responsibilities at work and life beyond the Kickstarter, and I have literally completely abandoned them all at this point of time as I spend most of my time here addressing concerns and trying to get to the bottom of things. All we really want to do is make a point-and-click game that people would love. Instead, we find ourselves in this. :( Oh, and to answer your other question, no I haven't been played 7DTD yet! Mostly because I'm spending most of my time trying to set the record straight - here, to journalists, with Kickstarter and so on! @PonySaint @Serena: Thank-you for believing (and in the case of Serena, continuing to believing) in us. However, cancelling and relaunching the campaign comes at a tremendous expense. We spent a considerable amount of money in advertisements for the campaign - an amount that we only increased once we saw traction for the campaign. Not to mention the money we spent renting cameras, light, sound equipment, and then paying a DoP, editor, and sound mixer. And not once but twice. And then the time the staff put into planning, organizing, and marketing the campaign. Time that came with an opportunity cost associated with it. If we cancel the campaign and start all over again, our small studio incurs all those as losses. For someone as small as us, that is enough to put a dent in us for a long time to come. So relaunching would not only mean setting our goal to a daunting $100,000 for the project (since we won't have access to double funding), it would be $100,000 + all the expenses we incurred to set and promote this campaign up + all the expenses we would incur to set and promote a second campaign up. And if we fail to meet that, it could very well be the end for our little studio. And what are the chances we will fail to meet that? Pretty high. Shadow of the Eternals is a classic example. But @PonySaint, you mentioned manually cancelling some pledges. That is something that I would be completely up for, but I am not aware if that is something I can do? And if not, I will, on my end, be contacting Kickstarter again and request that they do so. The amount they are making off our project is, at the most, $5k, which is peanuts for a company their size, so I would not completely discount the possibility. @Michael, I do agree with you - and that is the reason why I reached out to kickstarter in the first place. As you can imagine, I do not like a bit of what is happening, and I will definitely be following up with Kickstarter on the message they sent to see if further action is possible. Elementary, My Dear Holmes is a product of love and that is what I want it to remain. Yes, we are all sad by what has happened and it has caused a lot of stress to me and the team, but we still want to make this happen and make this happen ethically. Thanks for your message, @PonySaint. I would like to address your concerns. I am familiar with the list that you are referring to, and I have already contacted both Kickstarter and Amazon with regards to it. I told them exactly what you have told me because I did not / do not want to do anything unethical, and wanted nothing to do with it. If I was orchestrating this, I would not have gone to the extent of pointing this out myself to Kickstarter and Amazon. I am extremely concerned with what has been happening, and not only did I point this out to KS and Amazon - but I also talked with several journalists from Gamasutra, Joystiq, AllThingsD and other publications to acknowledge this and let them know that we have contacted KS and Amazon. I even forwarded the replies I got from both of them to the journalists as well. Trust and trustworthiness is important to me, and that is why I have been extremely open and transparent about the issue, and taken whatever steps I could about it. And as I mentioned before, I am willing to go even further and take whatever extra measures are required to get to the bottom of the issue. @Serena... @Porcupine: What are you two going on about??! And thanks, @Alex! We're very excited about being able to start production on this! :) @Fate: Thanks for sharing. Pity you did not point that out before. It looks super-neat! Hi @Zachary, Thank-you for your messages. I read your comments on Gamasutra earlier as well. I was debating on whether to directly address them or not, but then I got into a conversation with Kris (writer of the Gamasutra article) via email in which I showed him copies of the mail I sent to Amazon/Kickstarter, the replies I got from them, and the efforts we have been doing to maintain a clean and transparent campaign. Thanks also for your support here in the comments section! You're right by saying there is nothing to be gained by further pressing the notion. But there's no denying the fact that Goat did bring an issue to light, and I am thankful to him for that, and hope that my efforts to find an answer reap some rewards. Oh, and thanks for your nice words around the video and concept! We look forward to building it up and then having you play it on your Ouya! :) When the community asked us to talk about this to Ouya, I talked with Ouya. When the community asked us to talk about this to Amazon, I talked with Amazon. When the community asked us to talk about this to Kickstarter, I talked with Kickstarter. Naturally, I am doing that because I am very disappointed around what has happened around the profiles, and because I really want to get down to the bottom of this and help quell any and all doubts anyone might have around us. We are extremely committed to Elementary, My Dear Holmes and our first priority is ensuring we have the trust of our wonderful community. Hi Goat, Your concerns were definitely passed on to Kickstarter. If you can PM me your email address, I will even forward the response I got from Kickstarter, which includes my original message to them that asks for the payment correlation. And this is absolutely my #1 priority. I have been talking with journalists from many publications throughout yesterday and today as I explained our side of the story. I am not at all doubting your claims, and from my end, I have taken every step the community suggested. I am willing to take whatever else steps are necessary as well. @Porcupine: Thank-you for saying that! It's really nice to hear that after the last two days! We are truly grateful and supportive of you and everyone else who is backing us on the merit of our concept and pitch video! Go Watson indeed! :) Hey folks! Update: I have just heard back from Kickstarter on our query regarding the backers. They say that it is possible the first-time backers are Sherlock Holmes fans from our outreach, or the ones that came from our personal network and friends of friends. Having said that, they also suggest that we continue promoting our project in case those pledges do not go through or if there are any issues. We still have 15 days to go to raise funds and despite all that has happened, our commitment to Elementary is as strong as ever thanks to the support we have been received from our backers. Even if some of the accounts/pledges do not go through for any reason, Elementary is in a good position to keep going strong. I sincerely look forward to us promoting the project around and supporting new backers, point-and-click fans, and Sherlock Holmes enthusiasts alike. As always, I am here to address any concerns or questions about the game! @Matt: You, sir, are awesome. Such a big thanks to you and the backers who still strongly believe in us. You guys are the reason we keep trucking on through such trying times! Thank-you for your support! So, we are seriously considering using this for the names for all the characters in Elementary, My Dear Holmes. <url>#5 in the Updates section and feel free to let us know which one you like best! Serena, you should totally watch it before the game launch. It's one of the best Sherlock Holmes shows out there! Also, the team at Victory Square Games is super happy to announce that we just reached out to Benedict Cumberbach's agent to see if we could get him to voice Sherlock. ;-) As long as they don't come back to us with a million dollar quote! Message to Amazon for clarification sent! :) Ok, can you please confirm here when you get it? If not in the next five minutes, please feel free to let me know another way. @Goat: Sent 12 minutes ago. Still not received? @ Serena, @Ghan: Folks, I'm ready to send a message to Amazon/KS to clarify that. Have sent a draft to goat, just waiting to hear back. As devs, these incidents are a great drain on our energy and creativity, and I would strive for us all to focus on a positive campaign while still getting to the bottom of this. @BigD: Good to see you back! A black lab? Here I thought you were Tim Schafer in disguise! @Goat: Thanks for those links. That seems... interesting, to say the least. I have sent you a PM with a draft of the message to Amazon/KS. Still open and willing to follow-up on that. @Pogopuschel: Hello! Thanks for joining in! We do hope you stay because we would love to have you along our dev journey as we make an awesome point-and-click adventure game! @Ray: Thanks for your message. We're holding off from keeping any verdict, but I am emailing Amazon/KS today for clarification. I will update accordingly! Hi Ghan, Thanks for that. As I mentioned to Goat as well, I will be writing to KS/Amazon today to see if anything is wrong. We did have over 20,000 people saw our Sherlock-Holmes specific ads and brought in many new people in though. @Goat: I will be more than happy to email Amazon/KS and clarify about the accounts. I had been hesitant to do so because we are dealing with people and I do not want us looking aggressive on our backers. But I am willing to go out of my way to clarify the situation if that means your suspicions will be quelled. We had over 20,000 Sherlock Holmes fans see our ad about a Sherlock Holmes Kickstarter and that naturally brought a lot of new people in. But since you have doubts, I *will* send an email to Amazon/KS before the end of the day and share the reply with you. @Tzolak-Barter: Thanks for your support. It means a lot to us and yes, you're right. The day we got $12k was when Rock Paper Shotgun did a feature on us. Alright folks, I just woke up and saw that this is still happening. Let's clear things through. Goat, I'm not sure how I can give an answer that will satisfy you. I can't explain those accounts. While we appreciate their pledge amounts, it isn't my place to comment on why they pledged in the first place. As a sign of our good faith, I maintain that you take matters up with Ouya if you think we are trying to do something wrong with them. Hi folks, I maintain that the devs have nothing to hide on their end. I have tried again and again to talk things out, and as a sign of good faith, I urge you to take matters up with Ouya if that makes you feel better. I agree that there is something interesting about some of the backers mentioned here. I also maintain that we know nothing about those backers. We trust and respect them, just like we trust and respect all our other backers. And we have absolutely nothing to hide. We want to focus on a positive campaign and on making a fun game that all of us can love and enjoy. We put in a lot of sweat, blood and tears in crafting a great pitch video and we want to continue creating content. We put in a lot of sweat, blood and tears in spreading word about our game around and we want to continue down that road. We want to focus on the positive. I don't know what else we could do to clarify things from our side than say to take the matter up with Ouya directly. Thanks for your comment, Ben. I agree that the backers list is interesting in the least. Someone does seem to have a very interesting sense of humour. But I would like to maintain that whoever they are, whatever, they do, and wherever they live - they are all awesome people. We have nothing but gratitude for those who are supporting us. And we, in return, shall support them. Also, just so everyone is clear - we don't even get the bulk of Ouya money until after the game is finished. The game will be built using donations from our generous backers. Any dev that is trying to put their own money in the program to try and make quick money will actually end up losing money after Amazon payments take their cut! Hi all, First of all, thanks to the awesome backers who are standing up for us. You guys are awesome. We love you. The accounts and profiles you guys mentioned does seem very interesting indeed, to say the least. I have been going through the backers list since this was brought up, but not really checking profile pictures. We don't really know who they are, what they do, where they live - but they are all awesome people. They backed our campaign, and we are truly, truly grateful for that. To those who have been personally affected - Eden, Rita, Emily and others - I would like to extend a personal apology. We got a lot of non-gaming Sherlock Holmes fans that we brought to Kickstarter via our forum posts and Facebook ads. That has led to some suspicion, but we know as much as you do. And we will support our backers till the end, irrespective of whether they are new or old to Kickstarter, gamer or Sherlock fans, or whether their pictures to express themselves are their own or others. Goat, if you have any issues or concerns, would you please direct them to me instead of accusing our backers? Some of the art is by the same person. Some is not. We have a large team of in-house artists at Victory Square Games plus we have partnered with a London-based art and animation firm, Nucco Brain, to do all the art for the project. So yes, while #3 and #4 were done by the same person, not all the art is. We'll be taking a final call on the art soon! Make sure to vote to let us know which one you like best! Hi Nithi, Thanks for voicing your support! We love that. :-) As for us, we really got into adventure games when we were wee lads and lassies. No kidding! We hope we can make something really great and awesome for you! @Brooklyn, every effort will be made to get the Orichalum Detector beta version in time for Christmas. However, depending on the final amount raised, that might differ! We might be able to add more to the game... or change things here and there. Once the campaign is finished, we'll release a detailed timeline outlining everything. Good stakeholder engagement, right there! :-) Hi @Rita, Survey Monkey was on voice acting as we just needed a binary yes/no answer. This time around though, we want more than just a yes/no answer. We would love to hear your thoughts, opinions and ideas in detail, and so this time around, you can simply comment on the Project Update! Cheers, Sam And here's a small link to our Kickstarter stats. <url>"drug" use can cause a game that otherwise is quite tame to have a higher rating. It was why Mr. Shafer didn't get to do his bit in Full Throttle about peyote use which we made reference to in the stretch goals. We'd like to create a game that is fun for all ages, playable by kids, but at the same time, adults can get the depths of the humor and story. It's a very difficult line to walk along. We will certainly have alcohol in the game. (Old Man Number 2 is a lush!) @Jito: KS should also have a 'Like' function so I could 'Like' that comment! @Eden: The touchpad question is up in the air right now. We are currently prototyping the interface and design and while we will consider the touchpad and try it out, there is no guarantee that it will actually make it to the final version. Dear Goat, I think we may be stretching a bit too much now? Either myself or Bob (the writer) have always been super active on the comments sections (as well as the numerous forums where we have posted), replying to people on the fly! @ Mila: That's a bit more complicated. The story is pretty tight already and stretch goals will allow us to make it a bit more deep and stretch some of the more jucier/intricate scenes. That way, the duration of the story will be increased without adding additional scenes or making it look like a drag. Is there anything in particular you were looking for with respect to story increase per stretch goal? Hi Mila, Like I just told Jeb, we're looking at 6 - 8 hours, but yes, that can increase if we are able to hit some of our stretch goals. We have a great story that we want to tell, and access to more resources will definitely help up! :) Hey Zisel, 1) Our immediate plan is to keep promoting the Kickstarter so we can hit some of our stretch goals! 2) Yep, you sure can! 3) We'll take care of shipping! That's how awesome we are. :) Oh, and the video did not *say* that Sherlock lost his memory. Only that he did not remember some things. That may or may not translate to a direct memory loss. ;) @Eden: That's excluding cutscenes! That is pure gameplay! How awesome is that? ;-) @ Eden - We're aiming for a minimum of 6-8 hours of gameplay time. Without cutscenes. That's a bare minimum, and once we start hitting those stretch goals, the gameplay time goes up a lot! We'd like the players to do a lot of research in game as well, which mean a fair bit of reading. @ Jeb - We're trying to find a good balance. Games with a lot of zaniness can quickly become a bit too childlike, and we want to stay far away from that. You can have good humor, while still having material that pertains to an adult audience. Don't worry, the dynamic is alive and well! It just may need a bit of... adjusting. @Robert: Thanks for the support. Glad to have backers like you. Still hope that Goat believes in us eventually. :) Hey Jeb! Thanks for the comment. Right now the script is sort of a slightly darker version of Monkey Island. A lot of silliness in the background characters, but the main story is fairly mature. What else would you like to know? Hi Eden! Thanks for your note. At this point of time, we're still looking to see how much money we can raise for the game. A higher amount can definitely mean a longer, more intensive story. At the bare minimum, we are at least looking at 6 - 8 hours here! Thanks, Goat! I checked the screenshot you sent and sure enough, there are those people in a row. It is not up to me to judge on these people backing us up, but I would like to put out an open call for the folks in the image to reach out and, if they feel like it, address Goat's concerns! :) We're all here to make and play games, and I'd like to foster a positive community here. :) Heya Goat, Thanks for your note! Now the last thing we want is assumptions to be drawn up about the campaign so I'm happy to talk and address any concerns you might have. I have just gone through the backers list and the order I see is C, K, C, T, J, W, N, M, T... in short, I don't see an alphabetical one. Could you please tell me where you are seeing an alphabetical list of first names? Also, I just randomly checked opened the profiles of 10 people who have backed the project and 7 of the 10 are several project backers. Could you please elaborate on that as well? As to how we got successful, we've been pushing *a lot* on several forums around the web and engaging with our backers constantly (just check the rate of how fast we replied to you!) Someone or the other is monitoring these threads 24/7, we got an AWESOME review of ours done in Rock Paper Shotgun that brought in oodles of traffic, as well as several posts by smaller websites that loved our pitch video. And we have multiple PR firms working with us to promote the project in North America and Europe! Plus, we have wonderful members of the Adventure Game Revival movement who are cheering us on here and promoting us in several of their own forums as well! I understand where your concerns are coming from (I saw your posts in the other comments as well), but rest assured, we're very grateful of the respect and trust the community has put into us, and are doing our best to honour it. Please feel free to get back to me if you have any more queries! :) @ Matthew - Thank you very much! Our team can't stress enough how much we appreciate all the work our backers do for us. @ Dablue - Welcome, Dablue! Thanks for backing our project! Hopefully Satan is a big donator! A Death Starfish for sure. @ BigD - It's so close, the entire team is sitting here biting our nails! (And working). @ Matthew - We think so too! @ Liz - Our offices are located downtown, near Hastings and Cambie. Not quite Gastown, but close. @ Nicholas - Mycroft is an interesting character. One thing that I think games don't do enough is focus on the family of main characters. Mass Effect, for example. In one of the backgrounds Shepard's Mom is alive, and you can talk to her on a few occasions in the game. I always thought this was a lost opportunity, and relationships between family can be complex and interesting. It's one I want to make sure is taken advantage of, especially between Mycroft and Sherlock. (I think Sherlock BBC used this to great effect). Irene is the perfect foil/villain/love interest for Sherlock, and I've always found it remarkable on the complexity and depth of her character for the era when the books were written. @ Jito - Your concerns are totally valid! We haven't really been too open with what changes there are going to be for PC, but I will give you a bit of a teaser. Since we'll have the six months to continue work on the game, we plan to add a lot of flavor, outside of the core mechanics. Optional areas to explore and speak to characters, and an in game codex of information about canon, and non-canon Sherlock stories. In addition, we would be able to add a HD upgrade to graphics and optimized controls / settings for PC. We won't do just a port, it'll be something to make it worth the wait. Guys, I'd like to thank-you for all your amazing help in spreading the word. But I would like to throw out a BIG, BIG Thank-You to @MagicalTux, who has just pledged $10k to the campaign! Sir, you have just made a LOT of point-and-click game lovers very, VERY happy! Big shout out to @MagicalTux, folks! Don't let the applause stop! The love we're getting here is awesome! Thank-you very much posting here, there and everywhere about the game, fellas. I'm whipping my staff round the clock to keep track of all our forum mentions and to show up and say hello everywhere this has been posted. Bob now has four whip marks. In case anyone wants to keep score. @Zimra: The Xbox seems like a distant possibility right now. Let's see how indie-friendly Microsoft gets! @Serena - Thank-you for putting your trust in us! I saw the discussion at Hero-U yesterday, and then yelled at Bob to get right over there and clarify things up. I'm really happy to see you here now! To make up for it, I will feed Bob two times today instead of one! @ComboMash - Why, thank-you! We're looking forward to creating a very whimsical story in the game as well! Whimsical == Good. And thanks to all others for keeping the donations coming in as well. We love you all and all your shares and promotion of the campaign is much appreciated! @Becky and @Dean - That's what we're aiming for! A point-and-click that is not tongue-in-cheek is hardly a point-and-click. ;-) Also, thanks linking us to Alum (and for linking us AT Alum!). I just backed them myself to make that happen. Go more point-and-clicks! @Chris, if Kickstarter allowed to 'Like' comments, I would have liked yours! @ Chris Robacker - Since Watson it will be on Android, it would be possible for us to port it on GameStick if we can talk it out with the Gamestick developers. @ Paskarl - Rendering 2D games is a very straightforward process these days. The OUYA's android system will have no problem bringing the world of Watson to life. Watson is being created using the Unity3D engine, which makes it extremely easy to port games to many different platforms easily. On OUYA specifically, the game will likely use the analogue stick and the 'O' button as the primary replacement for the mouse. We are also investigating use of the OUYA touchpad, but it has yet to be properly playtested. How will the PC/Mac versions be different? Higher quality graphics, more particle effects. Option to switch between point-and-click mode and navigate Watson using a keyboard/gamepad, behind-the-scenes elements, in-game character gallery. Plus, if time and resources permit, we'll even throw in a few easter eggs and special puzzles. Hey Paskarl, thanks for your feedback. We'll definitely update our FAQ to outline the differences. Thanks for pointing that out - that was a sharp catch. We should have you write our copy! Bob, you're fired! ;-) Thanks for the love, guys! We'll definitely make it count. Please remember to spread the word! Hey Paskarl, We're still in the development process, but we'll get gameplay footage out as soon as possible! And we LOVE those big oldschool boxes those games came in (I think I've still got a few of them kicking around somewhere...) But they're pricy to make and ship, and we're only a small company. The donation amount would need to be pretty steep to get something like that. For our next point-and-click masterpiece we'll try and get some made! And as for the Ouya bit, we're all big fans of the console here at Victory Square Games! We know it's a bummer you won't be able to play it on your computer right away, but we'll still have it out for you by September 2013! Thanks for your comments and backing!! Amazing No way of knowing, Jito, and I suspect most of us have stopped following this project at all. I just happened to pop in now as part of checking the comments threads of every project I've ever backed - not something I do all the time! Well, that's interesting. I hadn't kept up on this since the campaign was suspended, and now it appears the creator's account is deleted. I wonder if that was his doing, or KS's? I wonder does anyone else want to pick up this idea and make a real game out of it? The concept itself is a good one. It'd be a lot of fun, I reckon! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Personally, as from today, I can only trust information coming straight from KS. Sam has been twisting the truth too much over the time for me to still have trust in what he says. It's always his word against all the contradicting facts. He says he doesn't know why KS shut down the campaign, but acknowledges many accounts were created with the same IP as his office. Why would you even be saying that if there no one showing proof of this happening in the first place? They know exactly why KS shut them down and not Gridiron. This is their confession even though they tried to make it look like they are the victims once again. @Goat: as always, thanks for the information. That explains a lot... Though, it would have been nice to hear it from the devs themselves. @Bob, Thanks for posting the link to Sam's message. What a mess. I can only imagine what the team there is feeling. I hope VSG finds a way to make the game anyway, despite all the controversy. Wow, this is completely new to me! I wonder why you did not share this info with us earlier. So basically you knew a great number of accounts were created from your office (despite denying it may times), but you still say it was all an evil plan from someone else to make you look bad? I'm speechless. Really. Quote: Victory Square Games insists that it did not donate money to its own campaign, but acknowledges that a very high number of newly created Kickstarter accounts with the same IP address as the Victory Square Games office donated money to its campaign. “I myself informed Kickstarter and Amazon Payments about the discrepancy in accounts when they were first brought up,” Elementary, My Dear Holmes! representative Sam Chandola told WIRED in an email. “My hope had been that Kickstarter would investigate the matter and cancel any pledges from accounts that were deemed suspicious.” Instead, Chandola says, “I got a generic mail from Kickstarter telling us to keep promoting the project. And then a few weeks later, the plug was suddenly pulled.” Chandola admits that his company did use its office network to register many friends and family members on Kickstarter so they could donate, and says that he coaxed “a lot of people” in his shared office space, which houses around nine other companies, to sign up as well. “Not everybody who shares our Internet connection and IP address is a direct full-time employee of Victory Square Games,” he said. “I cannot imagine the number of accounts coming from our building’s IP to be more than 30 or 40.” On Monday, Chandola posted a message about the controversy, saying that the campaign was sabotaged by “vile sorcery” from an antagonistic party, but one that he was unwilling to name. “Do I know who tried to make us look like shit and succeeded?” Chandola wrote. “No, I don’t. I wish I did. Do I have my suspicions on whom I think did it? Yes, I do. But they are suspicions. Strong suspicions, but suspicions nonetheless. And I will not make claims based purely on suspicions.” <url>"real" indies trying to get funding off the ground. I think Kickstarter still has plenty of work to do. Clearly someone -- or multiple parties -- has figured out how to astroturf the account creation and pledge process. I hope that they fix that problem before too many projects get sabotaged. @Riggo "I am starting to think Kickstarter is in don't care mode" Seems like KS proved us wrong. I'm glad they did. Really? Hundreds of face accounts just to get some OUYA money? Holy shit! I knew why I disliked the OUYA exklusive thing from the beginning!! This is the second crowdfunding adventure scandal where the ( some of the ) creators didn't play fair, act fraudulently!!! Even if there will be an other crowdfunding approach or investor/ publisher money thing happen, this game is dead for me for all time!!! Shame on you! You're no Indie Developer at all. You don't have the spirit it takes! Pogo, Dean, kickstarter is big blue. Reported and suspended is the first level of attrition. The second level is when projects are removed for IP reasoning. Check out Game Salute project "Firefly into the black", presumably rupert murdoch's folks didn't like it. even though joss whedon was burned by Fox twice. The most extreme level is to be redacted off the site. If the private equity falls through, there's no reason why you couldn't do another KS. Just hopefully the suspicious backers don't show up next time. Suspended. Huh. From "a *lot* of friends and family" to suspicious backers... With real backing from private equity will we see this as a non-exclusive in March? Ah, just got Bob's update. Comments seem to be posting out of order. I'm looking forward to the backer email. Sooner than later sounds good :-) Will there still be a 6 month exclusivity for OUYA? I hope not :-) Just got the Kickstarter notice about the suspension. I wish I knew more about what's going on. Hi folks (This is Sam from Bob's account): First of all, a big, big thanks to all our backers who put their trust in us. The response we received for Elementary, My Dear Holmes was tremendous and it touched us all deeply. Who would have thought that a crazy idea that reversed John Watson and Sherlock Holmes in their roles could receive so much love and affection around it! You guys are all awesome. When the uproar against Elementary, My Dear Holmes was brought up, we contacted Kickstarter and Amazon, asking them to investigate the accounts and take action accordingly. We wanted to get on top of this and did not want anything to do with any of what was happening as it was an extremely negative campaign for us. Strong personal accusations were going up against us, and it was a huge drain on our time, energy and resources. We had been hoping that the suspicious accounts would have been suspended so that we could keep on going strong and without controversy, but instead it was the project that got so. We are, naturally, deeply saddened by this. But if this is what it takes to put an end to the negativity, so be it. We love point-and-click adventure games and this will, by no means, stop us from pursuing Elementary, My Dear Holmes. We are devoted towards the project and will be seeking private equity to finish this up. And I'm happy to say that based on the initial traction that we got here, we are already in talks with some Venture Capitalists who are willing to back this project privately. Elementary, My Dear Holmes will see the light of day - and will see the light of day sooner than later. I will be following this up with a personal message to all our backers. Until next time, John Watson and Sherlock Holmes lovers. Hey, what is the reason for supending the project? Did kickstarter tell you? I am sorry it ended this way. What are your plans for the future? Wow. Well, that was fun while it lasted. Interestingly, Gridiron still seems to be going. Hmmm, that's new... Yikes! I hadn't checked in since EMDH met its funding goal. Only to find... a bit of a mess. I don't know what's going on here with the suspicious backers, but I don't actually care. One of two things will happen when the campaign ends: 1) The accounts will get charged, the funds will go to the devs, and it won't matter if the profiles are fakes or not, because Victory Square Games will get to make an awesome game. 2) The accounts will get charged, but the funds won't materialize because they were fakes, and Victory Square Games will get screwed out of money they were hoping to get to make the game. I hope #2 doesn't happen, because I want to see this game made. I like the concept, I like the art, I like the team, and I'm willing to take the risk. I've just raised my pledge. $5k, not $5... @Goat... I am starting to think Kickstarter is in don't care mode, no matter how hard Sam pushes the issue. Kickstarter gets their 5% whether the pledges go through or not... If the suspicious pledges all fall through in 8 days, KS will still collect (at this point) $2800... They are not going to break their legs investigating this... Look at Gridiron Thunder... KS is ignoring that big time because they get their $5 from that. "If those pledges are removed" There is no "if", this decision rests entirely in your hands, don't make it look like it's KS that will do it, they won't lift a finger unless you ASK them to cancel these 200+ pledges amounting for $30,000. Stop pretending like you are not in control. You are and you don't want to see anything change. But it's logical, I would do the same in your place. You have been anything but open and transparent. Yes you exchange PM with me, and it stops there. You have been evasive, diverting the attention from the heart of the matter, making promise that you can't keep otherwise you will lose your funding. All in all you pretend you want to be open, while at the same time you know you just have to wait 1 more week until it's too late. But I don't care about the scam or the fake profiles. I'm bothered by the fact that it's technically possible to do it without KS lifting one finger, so it will happen again, and by you who rather than simply remaining vague or silent like the Gridiron guy, embarked on a spiral of lies in which you are now stuck. Each time you have to invent more crazy excuses and imagine people are naive and stupid enough to believe everything you say. That's not very respectful of the KS crowd. I would prefer a silent, cynical Sam who knows exactly what's going on and doesn't need to find excuses about it, assuming the initial decision that was made at the start of this campaign. "As always, we will continue to be open and transparent about the matter and report any and all discrepancies to amazon/ks" What are you going to do since it's been days since they ignore you? (or do they?) "He was helping his family do the donation and was accidentally logged into their account. " Again, that's one of the most convoluted excuse I have ever seen. If I "accidentally" log into someone's else accounts, it doesn't change the screen name at all. Anyway, it's not even forbidden for you Sam to create an alt account for your project, so why even lying about this? This is ridiculous. "The Samarth Chandola you talk about is from Sam's direct family" So Sam's family backed the same other projects as the fake accounts? How kind of them. Seriously, stop taking people for idiots. It would be much better if you stopped inventing excuses altogether. The family thing makes sense. I've seen several campaigns where the creator accidentally posted on a different account because of login issues. Reaper Miniatures is a good example. That's not to say there aren't other issues here, but that one seems shaky. He was helping his family do the donation and was accidentally logged into their account. Again, language barrier. Bob - that last comment seems disingenuous ... it's a shame, this project looks great, but between reading the recent comments here and having to wait until Aug 2014 ... I guess I'll just wait to pick this up at retail. Not back their own account, their own project!!! My kingdom for an edit button! @Bob... I think the only restraint is that the Creator account can not back their own account. As Serena stated earlier, I don't know that secondary accounts face the same limits. It is really impressive that Sam's family knows so much about the game based on the account's only comment: Samarth Chandola on Aug 15 I can answer that, Ocelot. Games that reference drugs, alcohol and tobacco are usually rated 12+, whereas games that focus on them are rated 17+. We have to be a bit mindful of our audience as we do want everyone 12+ to be able to play the game. Having said that, Holmes and his excessive tobacco and cocaine habits are a quintessential part of the Sherlock Holmes universe, and we do want to build upon that and pay homage to it. Will the game directly focus on Holmes and his drug use? Probably not. This game is more about John Watson trying his absolute best to best Sherlock Holmes. Will the game have a disgruntled Watson annoyingly muttering about how Sherlock is a bumbling idiot who will die because of his substance abuse, thus clearing the path for Watson for fame and glory? You betcha! ;-) We've had a lot of friends and family sign up and donate. The Samarth Chandola you talk about is from Sam's direct family, and they used his name due to a slight language barrier, without realizing that the project leader is unable to back accounts and how it would look. Our friends and family have always been very supportive of our vision, and in some cases almost as enthusiastic as we are! @Serena Nelson Thanks thats what I was wondering. Regarding the project creator backing his/her/their own project: Kickstarter doesn't allow it. At all. If you want to put money into it you need to create a new account. This "Samarth Chandola" could very well be a second account of Sam's or it could be someone else entirely pretending to be him. @Matthew: What Riggo said is that the fake accounts started to back other random and rather obscure projects to cover the fact that they were new and made for Holmes. And that by some coincidence, a profile named after Sam backed some of the same obscure and random projects. So basically it means that said profile can be classified among the long list of suspicious profiles because it had the same behaviour, meaning that either the faker used Sam's name for fun, either that Sam is somehow related to the other accounts. Anyway, I hope that this fraud is uncovered and this game is great!! Any word on Benedict Cumberbatch? :) Of course a creator can back his own project. But if you click on the creator's profile in the sidebar, he has not backed this project. Are we to believe that a different Samarth Chandola backed this project and also (and only) the other projects which the fraudulent backers also backed? Seems pretty fishy to me.......... @Rembrandt Q. Einstein Yeah it is pretty fishy especially if you consider that it is his name exactly lol. Nothing close to the creators name at all. That is his name... why are creators not allowed to pledge to there own campaign? "Another amazing fact is that there is a backer named Samarth Chandola (seems awfully close to the creator's name) that has backed 3 other questionable projects that the new accounts swarmed to! Hmmm....." Wow. Pretty fishy. Considering withdrawing my pledge too...... This is like days of our lives comments edition. Jared is obviously upset that his private not so private information was published. Although he did fill it in and or accepted what he was putting in I don't think he deserves to get a group of people trying to prove him wrong. Whether he is right or wrong Riggo should adhere to his concerns and at least change the document. At least for common courtesy. Also Riggo is an adult and can fight his own battles without 5 other people jumping on it with him. Never would I thought that a simple point and click adventure would generate so much controversy. If I was Sam I would say eff you all no game for you since that's what you seem to want anyways. If your so hard up with these fake pledges then just cancel your own and be done with it. Obviously nothing is going to change. By the way Goat, love the Brutal Carnage avatar First of all, kudos to Riggo and Goat for the time and effort they put into getting all this data! It is a shame that some people state that the drop in pledges is their fault and it is a shame that Goat is asked to stop commenting! That is not the right direction. As much as I love adventures and think the project might turn out to be a good game I am really not sure if I should stick with it. I won't cancel my pledge now, but I am still watching how all this stuff is adressed and unfolds. @Jared: no violation of TOS, he did not USE your account, he just showed public information. To be clear; The thing that truly bothers me here as nothing to do with you or your team, it's the possibility that one of the company you hired to do "social promotion" of your game, like Inked Communication, could possibly offer the service of creating and maintaining fraudulent accounts in KS. It's one thing to use dummy twitters and FB acocunts to do advertising, but it's a whole other level to create 200+ fake identities to funnel money in a KS to inflate the figures. The later is definitely fraud. I won't lie, I would be much more reassured knowing it was you guys all along, than knowing internet marketing companies offer such services as creating fake KS accounts. I hope you guys understand my concerns, and that I sincerely am not doing this to prevent you from developing your game. " We have nothing to hide here and have done everything possible before to solve the matter, and will continue to do so in the future as well." Hi Sam! Thanks for the info. What will you guys do IF (and I doubt it) you come back to us saying you do have the amazon accounts list of all the backers and that you can identify that indeed there's a great number of fake accounts with high pledges? We both know that if you cancel their pledge, you'll drop below $50K. So why pretending like you will do anything about this? It doesn't make any sense an we can perfectly understand if you told us that you simply can't do anything about this and that you are sorry. I'm not sure what would work best for you? Pretending to be helping, or being honest and say you can't or won't. Judging from the figures, it seems the normal trend of the KS is 1000$ per day top limit (and that's extremely generous and accounting for your past advertising) and 30 backers per day top limit. It's been 21 days since the start, so the non fraudulent figures should be MAXIMUM 630 backers for a MAXIMUM of 21,000$. How can you say you sincerely want to cancel all the fake accounts pledges? @Jared: All the info posted here is publicly available by simply clicking the "backers" button. No one ever invaded anyone's privacy, it seems you are over-reacting. Still, if you decide to change your user name and city and ask politely to Riggo to remove your name from the list, I'm pretty sure he'll do it. The Streisand effect. Google it. Also, the likelihood that anyone would've bothered to sift through the spreadsheet and look you up was pretty much zero. Now that you're whining about it, I'm guessing several people have looked out of curiosity. Wow, I give up. Clearly logic has no place in this argument. @Jared: The problem here is that you ALREADY disclosed that information when Riggo pulled the data for his spreadsheet. Hence it was PUBLIC at the time. He's not obligated to change anything. If I remove it from my profile, it is no longer disclosed Also, this is straight from KS's privacy policy page: "Voluntary Disclosure Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose in public areas of the Site becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by other users. You should exercise caution before disclosing your personal information through these public venues." Jared, If you're so concerned with your privacy, then you might want to remove the link to your Twitter account from your bio page. @Brandon - even if I change my name, which I did (delete last name), it is still on the list, which doesnt auto update Yes, there is I repeat You shall not, and shall not permit any third party using your account to, take any action, or submit content, that is ... invasive of another's privacy; By him refusing to take my FULL name and city off of his list, it violates this clause Join date and projects backed is irrelevant- there is no correlation between join date, projects backed, and knowledge possesed. Dude, Jared, you're in the wrong here. If you post your name and location, you're the only one violating your privacy. Change your info if you don't want it to get out, but honestly, google archives pages, so it's out there for good. @Jared: Sigh. You are aware that you can CHANGE YOUR INFORMATION, right? You don't have to stick with what Kickstarter populates in the fields. Hell, you didn't even have to register using Facebook. I looked at your profile. Your join date precedes mine. You backed more projects than I have. How could you NOT know this? Let me say this again. There...is...no...TOS...violation...here... Had I known people would start publishing public lists that violate TOS based on backer information, I wouldn't have used facebook login for my kickstarter No, thats kickstarter automatically populating its information from facebook login It still violates TOS unless he accepts take-downs and opt-outs I think you guys fail to understand how privacy policies work @Jared: I fail to see how Riggo is violating any TOS here. You publicly put out your name and location. Don't blame him. Blame yourself for not thinking about using a non de plume in the first place. Because the list doesnt auto update no matter what I make my name, it will always show my full name and my city The problem is even once I change my name, your list still has the full name new name... old list So even if I follow that steps, you are still violating TOS @Serena... Thanks! @Jared... My list does nothing more than provide the name and location you have publicly provided! Not sure how that violates your privacy! Like I said, change your user name to Jerry Rice and no one will know who you are! I'm jumping back in here for a buck just to help Riggo out. Jared (I'm assuming that's your real name since you're so adamant that your rights are being violated), you and ONLY you are at fault for giving your name and location. I have absolutely no problem with showing off my real name here. If he wanted to add me to the list then I say let him. Nobody's forcing you to give what you apparently feel is private information. If you want to remain anonymous then use a FAKE name and location. Thank you and goodnight. Yea, no. Thats not how it works You are violating the TOS by refusing to blank out my name on your publicly published list @Jared... Your Kickstarter username and location can be anything you want... You have violated your privacy, not me! Look for Riggo on FB and in a phone directory! You have violated your TOS and privacy policy, not me!!! That much is enough for someone to get my facebook or address from a phone book Youve provided my name and city Thats more than enough to violate my privacy Jared... it would probably be quicker for you to change your User name to Issac Newton. There is no way for anyone to contact you dierecty from the information I provided. That is why I cannot provide information that violates the TOS Yes, the option to blank out my name is preffered Joe Shmoe from Wacken, Germany Thanks :) My kickstarter backer name could be Fred Flinstone with a location of Bedrock... Someone publishing that backer information would not be violating my privacy, only that which I allowed them to! @jared... Actually, I did not publish anything other than your user name and the location you provided. If you want me to repost the link with an updated list that blanks you out, I can do that. However, I am not sure how I how I violate your privacy by putting your limited data in a list that provides information that is available to all that click on your backer profile. I have not provided your actual name "as far as I know"... Kickstarter has that, your e-mail and whatever else... I have only provided that which is already available. Feel free to make up a user name and location and my list would only provide that information. Your list is violating the TOS You shall not, and shall not permit any third party using your account to, take any action, or submit content, that ... invasive of another's privacy; I do have the right to "opt out" of your list Telling me to stay off the internet is not a solution for protecting privacy, every company has a privacy policy. As an individual, you do not have a privacy policy, and are violating Kickstarters @Jared... I published my information as well... All of the backers on Kickstarter know that their information is public... It would only take some computer 3ms to find anything they want to know about us... Want to remain anonymous, stay of the internet. Not trying to be rude here, but that is the way it works these days. Not cool with you publishing my name on some spreadsheet with my city and numbers of projects Ive backed This may be public information, but it must be searched for. People can use this list for nefarious purposes. @Bob... Hopefully I have posted enough facts that you will get off Goat's back, unless you and Sam are TRULY the perpetrators of the fraud that is going on here! @Porcupine and Becky... Goat has been nothing more than a spewer of facts here (even if his numbers are way below what my evidence supports) and if his comments are censored, we should all complain to KS! Nevermind... The obviously scamming Gridiron Thunder leads the list of games! Geez! By the by... Of the 11 games currently on the OUYA free the games website: <url>“from” locations for a lot of the backers are non-existent, incredibly small, misspelled, unincorporated locals, or “slap in the face fake” locations. Really… Wacken, Germany followed 2 backers later by Wackenoff, Germany? Once the fake backers were called out for just backing Holmes, whomever created them ran off and backed other projects at $1 (I am assuming and the projects all have enough $1, no reward backers to cover these backers) to try and cover up. The 471 backers backed 310 other projects and here are some of the interesting facts from the project backings. Not a single of the 310 backed projects ended before Holmes started. Of these 310 projects, 151 have 100 or less backers and of those, 48 have 25 or less backers. Of those 48, 17 have 10 or less backers. Of the 17, 9 have 5 or less backers and for two of those projects (backed @ $1, the only backer also backed Holmes! They really seem to like to back low profile projects! Of the pledges on those 310 projects, there were 534 backers. Since I am assuming that most of these "backers" are fake (because all of the stars align to tell me that the vast majority are), that means that whoever set this up and reacted by backing other projects pledged $1, there was a $541 risk to gain an extra $50,000 from Ouya. However, because of the type of projects backed (120 of the backed projects has either failed or is on the path to failure), the actual risk is only $346 in pledges for a $50k gift. Nice return on investment. Maybe I need this guy as an investment banker. :-) They also liked the little guy, as 277 of the projects backed had a goal at $50k or less. Of those 277, 213 had a funding goal of $15k or less. Of those 213, the funding goal was $10k or less. Of those 213, 110 projects had a funding goal of $5k or less. Go little guy!!! Here is a rough summary of what a bunch of backers that came to kickstarter to join the adventure game revival movement backed (I lumped some things like art and music into a larger group to shorten the summary): They backed 21 video games of which only one of those was an adventure game (and all of the comments implied they were here for the adventure game revival movement). Of the 21 video games backed, 13 of 21 have either failed or are on pace to fail. They love art (at least my summed up version). They backed 34 art related project, of those, 15 have either failed or are on the path to fail. They love dance! 13 dance projects backed with 6 of the 13 having a chance to succeed. They love fashion and 10 of the 15 will most likely succeed. They especially love bras and socks! They love music! 40 projects backed! The bad news is that only half of them have a chance of funding. This is where they shine the most though. One hip-hop project only has a single backer at $1, but it is a Holmes backer!!! Another hip-hop project only has 11 backers, but Holmes backers account for 7 of those!!! :-D They love photography! 14 projects backed and 7 of those might actually fund! They like product design and 10 of 13 may actually fund. They really love wallets and bicycle bells! Here are their favorite projects: 8 backed Quarter Moon: Locust Man vs. Monster a comic with 62 backers. 8 backed The Woman in Apartment 44 a Short film with 37 backers 8 backed A Duel Betwixt Us a Tabletop game with a ton of backers and no comments or shout outs for Holmes. 8 backed U55 which is the only adventure game they cared about other than Holmes. The bad news is that it looks like it will not fund. ;-( 7 backed Alex the Sun a hip-hop album with 4 other backers 7 backed Smash Monster Rampage a Tabletop game 6 backed The Heartless Machine Guide to Drawing which like A Duel did not seem to advertize Holmes 6 backed A better Bicycle bell... Told you they loved bells! 5 backed Fridge Tracks... The bottom line is this... It is amazing how these new backers to Kickstarter could flock to the same project without any sharing of information and back these little guys to the hilt! Another amazing fact is that there is a backer named Samarth Chandola (seems awfully close to the creator's name) that has backed 3 other questionable projects that the new accounts swarmed to! Hmmm..... I will let you browse the spreadsheet to see where else they tended to cluster. If anyone wants to further analyze their trends, feel free to pick up for me. I have spent enough time on this research project! In each of these documents, the 1st tab is the backer summary and the second is the project summary. Google doc version: <url>"People love OUYA" message. I will also share this information with IGN and Kotaku. Hopefully others will spread the information with other gaming sites. We can’t let this kind of fraudulent crap creep into our gaming projects and we need to tell Kickstarter it is time to step up and protect their backers! We really appreciate you guys sticking with us. I know it's been a tumultuous ride, and we're going to be bringing some new stuff to show off in the next few days. A bit of artwork, some more in depth plans for the structure and story of the game, and hopefully something special! To be fair, I'm really much more interested in seeing this succeed than stirring anything - but for the record, I share Goat's opinion that one, whatever damage has been done, if any, is not caused by his (or any other) comments here, and two, the post-goal slope of the graphic is the real one the campaign can steadily generate and is not a consequence of anything else in particular: the steeper pre-goal slope is the unrealistic one. That said - I don't really care what exactly goes on as long as we're not taken for idiots who can be convinced that nothing is. Good luck! Honestly, all things considered, I think Goat is being very polite and respectful of you guys. I've held onto my pledge, because this game looks like a lot of fun, but I feel a little uneasy knowing that the initial burst of pledges appear to follow the pattern of a single source. Time is ticking and I would also like to see this addressed. And let's be even more honest, don't pretend like you are going to do anything about these 200 accounts, because we both know if you do it, your campaign won't ever reach its goal. I tried to be polite and to help you prove you had nothing to do with this, you clearly show your lack of concern in face of the seriousness of the fraud that is taking place here. But if I can't post here anymore, let's this be my last message to you: Most people know there is an extremely large number of fake accounts that have been used to reach your KS goal. Most know exactly why you do it. We don't want to be mean to you, but please try not to insult people's intelligence too much by acting like you have no idea what's going on. We don't really care if you get OUYA's money, but at least you could have the honesty of saying "OK, we will prove our good will and start a new KS and redirect everyone there". But we all know why you can't (or rather don't want to) do it. It's OK, it was a good idea, unfortunately poorly executed and many thought of it before you. You will win the money, but the trust and image will be damaged, you can't win on all accounts in this kind of situation. Farewell. "The comments and posts here have done considerable damage to that attempt" Well I'm sorry Bob, but you guys are bringing this upon yourself. These are not "negative comments". These are facts and questions that are still unanswered and that point to a case of more than 200 fraudulent accounts. And unfortunately the main beneficiary of this are you. If you think my comment are hurting your campaign, I invite you to look at your figures once again here: <url>#chart-daily and to remember I only joined way after the massive drop in pledges. To any investigation lover, it would appear clearly that you are mistaking causes and consequences. While you seem to think I'm the cause and the lack of pledge is the consequence, the truth is that the lack of pledge is the reason to my posts. Because let's be honest; no normal KS looks like that unless money is artificially pumped at the start and we already proved the existence of the fake accounts. So you may ask me to leave, but please don't insinuate it's because of me that your game isn't popular. It just isn't. Actually you guys should even thank me for all the free publicity this controversy has brought upon you. Anyway, good luck and I hope for you KS and Amazon never answer your mail (it's been how many days already?) or that you'll get rid of the response or change it so we'll never know who created all these fake accounts to finance your campaign. Hello Goat. Sam's really busy working on the game's production so I'm going to be handling the comments for the most part from now on. We have used some paid advertisements before, mostly on Facebook, by investing our own money to do so. This is similar to what we'll be doing for the next batch. In regards to your recent comments, I am afraid I no longer think that this is the appropriate place for them. Below the box it says "Be Respectful and Considerate". We have limited resources on how we can respond to comments here, and would like to make way to allow backers who have pledged more than the absolute minimum to open a dialogue with us. If they come in here and see a ton of negative posts, that simply won't happen. We're a small studio, who just wants to make a game that we've poured our hearts into. The comments and posts here have done considerable damage to that attempt. There are other forums where you can, and have, to continue your thought process, but this is no longer one where we can devote resources to continuing with you. I would respectfully ask that you refrain from posting anymore, and consider the consequences that your comments have had. Oh and BTW, please show us the "paid advertisements" when they are ready so we can share them with our friends :) Otherwise I would suspect you to use this as an excuse to cover the creation of more fake accounts by saying they are thanks to said "advertisements". "We have already sent messages to Kickstarter and Amazon about the accounts and will be following up with more to be clear on our end." Sure, as long as the $55,000 counter doesn't move I guess ;) Have you accounted for the fact that with more than 200 fake accounts pledging 3 times more than normal accounts, you are way below the minimum amount once these fake accounts are removed? You don't seem very worried about all this. Like you know exactly how everything will unfold in the 10 coming days... Whatever. "We'll be mounting up for a second round of paid advertisements and other promotional activities in just a few days" I'm not sure it's the smartest thing to do right now. I mean, paid advertisement? Seriously? I thought you were short on money. @Riggo That but also this: Most of the drama and attention was shifted towards Mr Andrew Won for the Gridiron campaign, when he started suing a backer for one of the comments. Now THAT's what I'm calling hot. The problem with his campaign his that things were done in such an almost provoking way (there are still random $10,000 pledges regularly, meaning additional $10,000 from OUYA each time) that it irritated a lot of people. But Mr Won is a cynical lawyer but a lawyer nevertheless and knows very well what he's doing is unethical but not illegal. Now here the situation is a bit different, since creating fake accounts can be considered fraudulent. So I understand why Sam wouldn't be so eager to find out and unveil who creted these accounts. So it's just a matter of ignoring the concerns for ten more days until it's too late and hoping people will simply forget about the forgery. I can understand, Sam is still young, and they probably need that money very much if their company isn't doing very well and if they engaged some money in the promotion of the game. So I will not take my pitchfork and run after him to demand answers, but I'll admit I'm a bit disappointed by these events. And if he needs help because KS doesn't want to disclose if many accounts are tied to the same Amazon account (most likely, so they use one single payment channel), I can maybe give him another lead and suggest him to look into this guy: <url>"My position is Business Development Assistance, helping out finding funding " So basically Sam, you are paying that guy TO FIND FUNDING FOR YOUR GAME. I'm sure it would be a very good place to start your investigation regarding who is behind these accounts ;) That would make for a very interesting case. Have a nice week, all. Thank you for answering our questions about Elementary, My Dear Holmes! It looks like it's going to be one hell of a hilarious ride. <url>#chart-daily Don't bother with the mails, it's completely useless and a loss of your time. I explained why below your post. These profiles aren't managed by robots or something. There's a real person behind them. He took the time to create and edit them, and to back hundreds of new projects. He will take the time to answer. Use your time on more important things. Thanks for your response, I'm happy you got all your backers and I belive you guys can make this game happen It seems like attempts to correlate Kickstarter accounts with Amazon payment info, may end up running afoul both companies privacy policies.... I'm not sure sending a mail to the person behind the fake accounts asking to reply will solve anything. What if he does ? He already took the time to create and edit those accounts. Answering mails shouldn't be much of a problem. Basically, the only to know the full extent of the fake profiles and to get a complete list of them is to somehow crosscheck the payment info (amazon account/paypal/credit card) and to hope they correlate, allowing to sort them out to find duplicates. A last one for the record, we never made a full list of the "highlighted pledges", and many of them have already been edited. So I have no idea how Sam will be able to identify the full list of false profiles. There was around a hundred profiles with pictures pulled out of google searches on the name, but most of them have been modified. There was also at least the same amount of profiles without pics but created in alphabetical batches. Some of them have also been edited. The closest we have to a full list are screen captures showing the profiles before someone started to change them: <url>"Plain woman" Leah Nadeau - City of Albany councillor Leah Golby Matthew Jackson - Matthew C H Tong Cameron Poulin - David Cameron Hudson Michaud - picture of a vintage Hudson Motor Car Sesbatian Couture - Christopher Sebastian Riya Robinson - Riya Sen Bertie Williams - Irish politician Bertie Ahern Zack Hall - Twitter employee Zach N. Hofer-Shall Zakai King - Yaron Zakai-Or Zazu Scott - painter/sculptor Scott Myers Ruben Campbell - Ruben R Puentendura Sagiv Evans - professor Jacob Sagiv Sam Collins - journalist Sam Pizzigati Sampson Stewart - dancer George Sampson Saul Sanchez - Knoxville News Sentinel photographer Saul Young Sebastian Morris - economist Sebastian Leitner Shamir Morgan - Shamir Tandon Sivan Bailey - Sivan Aldor-Noiman Patrick Ramirez - Patrick from Spongebob Paul James - Paul Dyer (Australian Brandenburg Orchestra) Philip Brooks - Statue of Phillip II of Macedon, 382BC Raanan Kelley - Rannan Bar-Cohen Nick Simmons - Nick Jonas Noah Alexander - Russel Crow (playing Noah) Oran Graham - image of Oran, Algeria Joseph Sullivan - Joseph Yu Josh Wallace - Michael B Jordan (playing Wallace in 'The Wire') Jud Owens - German film poster for Jud Süß Kabos Gibson - Professor Kabos Sandor Julie Bedard - IATP associate Julia Olmstead Anna Desjardins - Anna Kournikova Catherina Richard - USC professor Richard Taylor Levi Gagne - Levi van Veluw Harrison Lefebvre - Harrison Ford Justin Martel - Justin Bieber Callum Lecierc - Callum Hart Matthew Parent - Matthew Farrelly, Ph.D Piper Fortin - Piper Kerman, author or Orange is the NEw Black Jared Henry - Jared Leto Hans Nichols - Alan Rickman (portraying Hans Gruber in Die Hard) Ichabod Dunn - Johnny Depp (portraying Ichabod Dunn in Sleepy Hollow) Zahavah Payne - Billy Zane Isaiah Spencer - Isaiah Washington Zaza Wagner - @ZazaTMO Vidette Riloey - Vidette Bullock Mixon, GBPHB corporate relations Yael Lawrence = French-Israeli singer Yael Naim Shira Carr - Shirra Harington @ Purposeful Hire, Inc. Shoshana Chapman - fashion designer Shoshanna Lonstein Gruss Stacy Richards - NYU student Stacy Alicea Stella Williamson - Princess Stella cartoon (Winx Club) Susannah Banks - Susannah Llewellyn (MEC Global) Suzanna Meyer - Suzanne Roshan Nitzana Little - Stuart Little Odera Jacobs - Aramando Albarran (fugitive) Pazia Romero - C. Pazia Mannella Rachael Burke - author Rachel Rennee Russell Maria Mendoza - Maria Carolina Herrera-Hernandez, Ph.D Alice Blais - American McGee's Alice Brooke Richard - Brooke Burke Reese Lavoie - Reeses chocolate bar Paige Hebert - Paige Johnson staffer UNCW Parker Lachance - Jason Statham as "Parker" Pankaj Jumar - Pankaj Barman Alivia Das - Missing woman Alivia Kail Lawl Curtis - American University professor Curtis Burrill Libby O Brien - Dr. Wendy B Libby (Stetson Uni) Linda Sutton - OneJustice director Linda Kim Lisa Gregory - Mona Lisa Malcom Haman - Malcolm McDowell Wesley Kukowski - Dutch footballer Wesley Sneijder @Sam - If Kickstarter does cancel the highlighted pledges, please let us know. I don't know about anyone else, but I'd be willing to up my pledge if those contributions drop it below the threshold. Best of luck guys and good job on handling this situation professionally. @Goat You've figured me out! I'm going to need some legal counsel... Better call Saul! Oh and again I'm thinking out loud, but I think you should look deeper into that "Aaron" profile who just answered. Don't you find it suspicious that his avatar says "Layin on fat stack of cash" with a picture from Breaking Bad showing a huge pile of fraudulent money? I sure do and maybe, MAYBE, he's the mastermind behind all this and using Sam as a puppet to get OUYA's sweet money and run away with it. Just kidding Aaron ;) Thanks for your kind words. @Gota I think we all appreciate the work you've put into this search, no matter how heated the debate got. It will be interesting to see how the KS and development of the game turn out. I for one am still excited about it, and look forward to it's release. Dammit no edit again :) *I'm NOT trying to bring bad publicity to the devs I just wanted to let people know I will stop answering to those who are accusing me of bringing "negativity" here or still questioning the facts that I've posted and reposted many time in the thread unless they really bring something new to the table. Everything has been already debated to death and each time someone questions my integrity or my motivation it makes more harm than good to Sam as I have to repost the facts once again and I'm pretty sure that's not the kind of publicity Sam needs, since the facts I post are pretty solid and no one so far has been able to prove them wrong or explain their weirdness. If you want to express support to him, instead of attacking me, tell Sam you are with him and cheer him up. I will for the last time tell my real thoughts here and how things really went: I joined the thread a few days ago because I was curious about these two hugely successful FTGF campaigns for both Gridiron and EMDH, both looking like they were breaking new records as per KS and OUYA games standards. I stumbled upon a very big number of accounts all created just to support this KS and generated in alphabetical batches. We are talking hundreds of profiles. I asked Sam about it and was told that it was perfectly normal for his project to be that successful. Some other posters found that many of these profiles also had pictures that were obviously pulled through some kind of web image search, with the image being one of the first result you would get by typing the name in a google image search. One of these profiles was even displaying the picture of a missing person as its avatar. Right after we started asking questions about this, many of these profiles started to be edited, with the name, pictures and number of backed project being changed. Each point we questioned was being changed as we were speaking in what seems to be a move to bury the facts (assumption of course) I have asked many questions regarding the origin of these profiles, and about who would be creating and maintaining so many of them? And about who would benefit from this. This lead to various theories but they were always theories. Sam has always claimed to never know anything about this and has always been supportive and promised he would look into it. So far the question is still open and no one knows who created hundreds of fake KS accounts to back this project. I never accused Sam of trying to scam people and running away with the money. I never doubted his and his team's commitment team to develop the game. And I personally believe they are genuinely developing their game. I never received any information pointing to who would be behind these accounts and as today I still have no idea. I'm trying to bring bad publicity to the devs, actually I always told Sam that the bad publicity would come naturally as long as the question of the origin of the fake profiles remains unanswered. I'm completely open to any possibility so far simply because I don't have the tools or capacities to investigate the profiles personally. If I had them, rest assured I would use them to answer the question once and for all. There is nothing illegal going on here. The only thing that always motivated me to keep exchanging with Sam is to answer one single question: Who created these accounts and why. Since it's now going in circles and nothing new is coming to the table, I'll make a step back and just watch things unfold. If the KS gets completed and if OUYA back this game, all the good for Sam and his team. I sincerely have no desire to watch the KS fail or anything. I just want answers to these very legitimate questions but it's pretty clear neither KS, Amazon, OUYA nor the devs are either capable or willing to deliver them. So since it seems things I will be stuck with my questions and won't know the truth behind these fake profiles until something new happens, I'll just stop injecting "negativity" into the thread and let Sam do what he wants do; develop a game, and will stop questionning the origin of all these fake profiles. Thanks to everyone who remained civil in this thread despite the controversial nature of the subject discussed. All the best to VSG. Again, there wasn't ever anything personal nor any direct accusation from my part. Just questions and since those questions remained unanswered, I've been thinking out loud to try finding who was behind this mystery, as any investigation lover would. So far the case of the ghost backers remains unsolved, it's time I move on to other more important things but I still secretly hope someone will crack the enigma and share it with us :) Kindly Oh yes, love the update you guys just had, great way to get people into the game even before it's released, hope you make a comic out of it. Get me more excited about the game and can't wait to get more information about who Watson and Sherlock is and how they are as characters I just starting to get into Point & Click adventure games, I love "The Night with The Rabbit" great story, love the character development, have interesting dialogues. They have some issue with game play, nothing big, just me being picky. Where am I going with this? I'm hoping Elementary, My Dear Holmes! will hold at least the same quality of the look and feel, the story and how interesting the characters are @ Aron here are some more examples of a successful second try: <url>"Any small studio Kickstarter that re-starts its campaign is going to succeed more than their first campaign." People get emailed when a campaign they pledged to ends. Sam can send a message to all current backers with the link to the new campaign. You send out a message to news orgs that have been carrying the fraud story to update them that you want to ensure the success of your game was earned and not astroturfed. You say that you value people's honest assessment of the merits of your project, and you would never want to be hung with the label of "Kickstarter Fraud." That you'd rather your backers and customers know you have integrity than have a few extra dollars. People love to support honest developers. Wait, people aren't seriously asking VSG to cancel pledges or restart the campaign, are they? Yeah, they're not going to raise nearly as much if they restart the campaign because one, it's going to look bad that they had to relaunch, and two, half the donors that aren't even aware of the drama won't realize the campaign was closed and need to re-donate. Any small studio Kickstarter that re-starts its campaign is going to fail. @Zachary... You bring up a good point with the $14k that is unaccounted for tier wise... As your homework assignment, see if there are other gaming projects where 22% of the backers selected no reward and accounted for 27% of the funding and no Gridiron doesn't count. ;-) @Riggo Ah, I misunderstood. Now I see. 1. Why does relaunching the campaign mean you lose your publisher? 2. Why does relaunching the campaign mean you have to change the funding goal? 3. Sam, do you personally think that there is a legitimate reason why 100+ backers of your project changed their account names and avatars after being accused of being astroturfed accounts? If yes, what do you think that reason is? 4. Sam, you say you have sent personal messages to every backer, and that you would do anything in your power to fix this issue. Will you send messages to the 100+ questionable accounts, asking them why they changed their names and avatars after being accused of being astroturfed accounts? If they are, in fact, real people, I imagine at least a few of them should reply with a good reason. And re: cancelling pledges manually, I'm going by the Terms of Service that state: "Project Creators may cancel or refund a Backer’s pledge at any time and for any reason, and if they do so, are not required to fulfill the reward." I assume that "at any time" means before the campaign is over. Again, if you cancel the pledges from the astroturfed accounts, I'd be happy to pledge for a copy of the game. @Zachary... The altruistic statement wasn't referring to the "known" 4 figure backers... They are actually not being altruistic since they are receiving something for their donation. I was referring to the 30% of funding here that has no reward selected. @Jito... I would assume that you are one of many at $1, just not sure the "many" is 23% of the total number of backers... Riggo, "largest percentage of altruistic backers in kickstarter history" Several other projects I have seen have had a good number of 4 and 5 figure backers. So it would not surprise me to see something similar here. Especially with a property like Sherlock Holmes that has a very large and varied fanbase. Speaking as one of those who haven't selected a reward tier, I'm only in for $1 to follow updates. My guess is that a number of those "unaccounted for", are in similar situations. I may move up before the campaign is over, but I haven't made up my mind yet. Ray, I raised the question before and it has not been satisfactorily answered by anyone here. If Ouya is the one doing the propping up for this project, why are they doing it just for this project (setting Gridiron aside for the time being)? There are a couple of other projects, N.O.N.E. and Neverending Nightmare, that could also use some false support. If the goal for Ouya is to legitimize the Free the Games Fund, why not target more than 2 projects? @Sam... GO MAKE A GAME! :-D @Ray... I tend to agree with your suspicion that this is OUYA marketing dollars at work... @Zachary... Your right, this project has just been flooded with the largest percentage of altruistic backers in kickstarter history. :-) If you look at enough small budget kickstarter projects, this project has defied the statistics in almost every measurement... Not sure what else to say. It's funny that people are still debating whether or not there was "foul play" With any small amount of common sense, you can see that some one or some company backed this project via several proxy accounts. Assuming this was not the developers themselves, then there is no rule being broken. However, if it was OUYA, as I believe it was, then that speaks volumes as to the company's ethics. They're trying to show a groundswell of support that for their console that simply doesn't exist. Now, if it was OUYA, and I was in the developer's shoes, I wouldn't cancel the drive or turn down that money, it would be dumb and a bad business move. In this scenario, I don't think the developer is doing anything wrong, but again, OUYA's methods are highly questionable (though not illegal). Riggo, Yes you are right. There are also several other projects with similar backer to pledges ratio to this one that I have not linked that had a number of high pledged amounts. Some more than others. But the truth is, this ratio of backers to pledges is not unheard of in Kickstarter. Perhaps a few $2-3k backers just never picked a reward tier (you don't have to) or picked a lower reward tier (you can do that). But frankly, based on the numbers for this campaign there are 164 backers and $14k unaccounted for based solely on the reward tiers claimed. So who knows how much those 164 people pledged. That is $85 each. @Zachary... The point I was trying to make is that the average per backer is always higher for projects with pricy physical items... Look at OUYA itself, I am sure the average pledge there was at least $99. ;-) Projects with physical items generally have a bid floor (the physical item) that is higher than a digital game. Riggo, Yes. I am sure that every Kickstarter I post will have some kind of "anomaly" to explain the "off balance" backer to pledges ratio. This one could as well. It could have easily had a good number of people pledging $1,000 but refusing the higher tiers just because. Who knows. Hey Sam, passionate post you got there! And yes, you can't please everyone. Albeit, from someone who's taken up permanent residence in insanity, it's a horrible place to visit, but quite comfortable to live in. :) @Sam Agreed. You can't please everyone. You'll just drive yourself nuts trying to. @Zachary... Of your last three, I have already commented on the 1st (People buying limited edition toys)... Collectables! The 2nd is indeed a game, but most of the backers also payed $125 plus to get the controller to play the game. Again a physical pruchase. The 3rd is actually a game I backed... Look at the daily chart below and you will see that a lot of funding came in the last day when a lot of passionate backers raised their pledges to get the game they believed in funded. <url>#chart-daily Also, if you want to see what kind of funds physical miniatures can generate, check out this one. <url>"Get me the game" pledge. 3rd... Stop shooting the messenger! Since KS and Amazon refuse to do there job and look at EXTREMELY suspicious backer activity, everyone should be thankful that a backer spends time investigating questionable activity. 4th... The tiers here are out of whack and no-one has even brought it up. On the majority of games I have backed, the soundtrack and game combined is in the $25 to $30 range. Here it is a step up of $25 dollars just to download some MP3's and why is an all digital tier limited? Lastly...@Zachary... Both of those projects are for physical items and one of them is a figurines project and the average per backer on those is always higher than a digital download of a game. Here are a couple of more comparable projects: <url>#chart-daily <url>#chart-daily Ok. I am running numbers here and just as I was looking for comparable projects to this one (number wise) I found 2 that have strikingly similar numbers. Defenders of the Realm 622 backers $91,972 raised <url>"Not seeing how it violates our trust, however." It does to me. Because Sam said he isn't behind this. So the question remains. WHO? From a Ouya forum if it helps anyone... think its kind of a blah response to me though. "1. We've heard our community's concerns and appreciate their interest in OUYA not being scammed. 2. OUYA has not contributed monetarily to these two games or any other games participating in the FreeTheGames fund program. 3. As of now and as far as we know at this point both Gridiron Thunder and Elementary My Dear Holmes comply with our rules and regulations so we will be moving forward with funding. If that changes, we will let you know as we always do. 4. We really just want to support game development while bringing great content to OUYA - this was our full intention with the Free The Games fund and we hope that spirit is embraced." So yeah lol @Goat Still not seeing it. Is such a thing ethically dubious? Yes. Does it belie the trust placed in them by backers? Only if the game doesn't get made or is substandard for what is promised. Otherwise, the only one harmed is OUYA, and it would be their responsibility to take measures against said individual/company. Not seeing how it violates our trust, however. @Zach, the average backing is $70. That's enormous. We aren't talking project eternity or wasteland 2 here. Anyway, all the question you raise were already answered many times in the thread. If you want to know what is suspicious, read it. I don't feel like explaining everything all over again. Just know that even Sam is very cautious with his words and said that the accounts were indeed "funny". "Although I don't see nothing wrong with huge chunks from single investors personally but I guess some would." Nothing strange per se. It only becomes strange when OUYA promised to double the pledge made by backers. In that case, what prevents me from borrowing 100K from the bank, fund my game for 100K, pay the fees, give the money back, and get 100K minimum (more if I'm the most succesful) for developing a game that doesn't even have to be good according to the rules. Only through all these things together does the situation become really strange and people feel fooled. Goat, I have taken a look at it and it does look suspicious. I just don't see who the evidence points to and what it exactly means. But overall, I see that the average backed is not too far out of the ordinary, especially for a project that has a $15 minimum to get the game. More like a washbin, occasionally I get stirred up and things rise from the bottom, lol. @Astrid PolloDiablo Wow I should have asked for recommendations a while ago haha. Thanks will check them out @Jito463 - WoOS Nice! You are a fountain of knowledge lol @E. Zachary Knight Ok I guess that makes sense. Thanks! Although I don't see nothing wrong with huge chunks from single investors personally but I guess some would. Either way I wouldn't care but I think the Ouya people should if they are being scammed out of the FTGF money. @Jito463 - WoOS Yeah I thought those sounded familiar lol. I played Te Longest Journey before but thanks for the reminder. I think I am going to have to play it again :) And I will check out The Raven thanks! @Matthew Forgot to mention Dreamfall: The Longest Journey (sequel to the first game, albeit with a new protagonist), to which there's a new sequel in the works (KS funded, of course) titled Dreamfall Chapters. After it gets made, they fully intend to create a true sequel to TLJ titled 'The Longest Journey Home'. We live in good times for P&C fans. Also @Zach, you make the same mistake as many people here. No one ever said Sam will run with the money. I believe he will develop the game. The only thing that bothers people is the manipulation. Again, there is nothing illegal going on. I'll say it again, it's a trust issue, it's bigger than just this project. It's important that you can trust a platform like KS, trust that no people can manipulate backers figures and get away with it. Matthew maybe just check out the AG top 100 of all time <url>"funny". @Matthew I should clarify that The Longest Journey and both Syberia games are from around 2000, so it's possible it may take a little work to get them running on newer systems. Also, while I haven't played The Raven yet (just came out recently, I own it but haven't got to it yet), I've been hearing great things about it. It's also by the same people who made The Book of Unwritten Tales. I'll think about more P&C games to recommend. @Matthew: Gridiron did exactly that and they got roasted even more than Sam because of this: <url>#chart-daily Why would you create so much accounts? To make it look legit I guess? The only problem is that the accounts created in batches by a bot retrieving pictures from the net looked really stupid. That was the only mistake. If the profile were done by someone taking a lot of care, no one would have notice anything but the strange pledges trend. Matthew, The idea behind the fake accounts is to not just prop up the funds raised, but to also inflate the total backers. It looks less suspicious to raise $25k with 500 backers than to raise $25k with 1 or 2. So the two reigning conspiracies: 1) that Ouya cherry picked two projects, out of the dozen submitted, to artificially prop up in order to gain traction for the Free The Games Fund. 2) That these two successful campaigns are scams to win matching funds from Ouya to then run off with the extra money. Of course there is no way that either of these projects nor the Ouya Free The Funds campaign are all on the up and up. Do have that right? @Pogopuschel I liked the Maniac Mansion series, Sam n Max of course, Space Quest... all the Sierra and Lucas Arts ones of the 80's/90's basically. Just has to have a good story, Silly characters, witty humor and challenging but not impossible puzzles. @Jito463 - WoOS Thanks for the suggestions. I will definitely check them out! If you have anymore I am always open to as many as I can find. Like I said I am pretty picky when it comes to them or any games really. Hardly find more then a handful for any system that I actually like. I get bored quick lol. And running the risk of getting attacked for butting into this fraud or conspiracy argument or whatever, I can't say one way or another whether its a scam but I do have one question that I have been wondering if anyone has any ideas about. If you are going to drop a large sum of money to boost yours or anyone's KS... why would you create dozens of accounts and pledge $25 or whatever to it? I mean if it was me I would just get my friend to create an account and have him pledge 25k or 50k or whatever... looks less suspicious to me and would save a ton of time typing. Really anyone know? Is there some kind of KS rules against this or something? Because OUYA isn't behind these accounts? I always said it was another crazy conspiracy idea, like the one you posted. I take back part of what I said. 4 other projects are shooting for $50k and the one with the most promise, N.O.N.E., doesn't look like it will make it. Ouya had been pretty ecstatic about that project based on what I have seen, so why not artificially prop that one up too? After all, it came about before Elementary. I've been in direct contact with him since the last three days. I don't think you have any idea what goes on here between him and I. He even comes to me to ask me what to do. Because since I'm critical if he can convince me he's clean, he can convince anyone. But honestly, it took really a long time for him to even acknowledge that the profiles were fake in the first place, despite all the evidence we were gathering, and all our warning that this wasn't good for his campaign. I'm still trusting and supporting him, but honestly he's still got a lot of work to uncover who created these accounts. Well, I'll be glad if a project proves me wrong, that would mean that some people would get really excited for an OUYA game. That console needs such games. Goat, You keep saying you want Sam to come clean. What do you think he has been doing for the past 3 days? Neverending Nightmare is one Day 3 and has raised 13% of its funds so far. Looks pretty reasonable and on projection to reach its funding goal. The rest of the projects are pretty low level projects that aren't even shooting for close to $50k. I honestly don't think the others have anything going for them to make supporting them worthwhile, free the games fund or not. And also it's not my words, it's what people say outside of here. Seriously, this isn't an ivory tower, people are really accusing Sam on the outside. I want him to come clean. @Jito: I always said there was nothing illegal. And I don't care if the devs scammed OUYA or not. "Who benefits from the crime" is an old saying. "Cui bono". Look who benefits from the situation to find who is behind it. That's all my words mean. If you can prove intent to simply take the money and run, then I might consider that grounds for calling it a crime. Unless you doubt their intent to make the game, stop being so melodramatic. Because apart from two games that are suspected to have reach the goal through dummy accounts (Gridiron got $75.000 from 16 backers, Holmes got 700$ a day when some people aren't pumping pledge into it). Apart from these two, no game got higher than 20% of the 50K goal so far. No game. I said it before, it's a bad choice from OUYA to go the KS route for the FTGF, and even more to set the lower limit at 50K. It would be much wiser to just donate that money to games via voting or something. The problem is that OUYA and their fans always think that console is big and gets a lot of following. The truth is that it doesn't. Apart from Towerfall the games are pretty bad, and no developper would want to develop exclusively for a console with less than 100.000 user whil they could make 100 to 1000 times more on iOS android. It's harsh but it's the truth. Very few people care about the OUYA. No one hates it. OUYA always played the persecution card (we are disrupting the big 3! they want to take us down!). What crime? You're insinuating something nefarious when you haven't proven that. Let's assume you're right, and that OUYA is behind the accounts. Even if that's the case, the game is already funded (and will be further funded by them). Either way, the game gets made. What about the backers, you say? What about them. Even if there was "astroturfing", people should still only back projects they believe in. People shouldn't be backing a project just because it seems popular. If they're doing that, then they're idiots. Plain and simple. I see no "crime" here. Even if you're right, at worst it's ethically dubious. Nothing criminal, though. How is the Free the Games Fund a failure? Because it hasn't attracted top talent? Because less than a dozen games have signed up? How? The program is a year long program that still has plenty of time and opportunities for other developers to join up. @Jito. I raise all possible explanation. I see no point in hiding what people claim on the outside of this thread. And you know what they say? "Who benefits from the crime?" Now you know why I press so hard Sam to come clean about this and everything he can to prove he is clean. Because he is the prime suspect in the list. Not my words. The natural conclusion of almost everyone. Also OUYA don't need trolls, they troll themselves all the time. Apart the two contreversial games, the FTGF is a complete failure (leading to some theories that they are actually behind the accounts so the Fund doesn't look like a complete failure, that would be even worse for them.) There was also this: <url>"We'll back this project despite the claims that the funding his dubious. They have respected the rules". Well, it's plausible. But I don't know if it's more plausible than someone trying an easy way to get 50K extra for the development of a game... @Zachary Doesn't sound any more or less improbable than the current theories I've seen bandied about. Thank-you for your theory, Goat. While it is an interesting one, I don't necessarily believe in it and I believe there can be a number of plausible explanations. However, I respect your view and I would request that you respect mine. The tone of your last sentence was almost aggressive towards me. Of course we are all forgetting the march larger and equally probable conspiracy here: A bunch of Ouya haters have purposefully sabotaged this campaign in order to discredit the Ouya and its Free the Games Fund. Since the Ouya came out, there have been a number of people claiming it will be a failure and have worked hard to paint everything it does as some kind of incompetence or something nefarious. Then along came a program meant to bring more games to the Ouya and those haters just couldn't have that being a success because it would undermine all their previous work to lambaste the Ouya. So the come up with this cockamamie scheme to discredit the most promising looking campaigns taking part in the Free the Games Fund. Then they spread the "evidence" of fraud that they themselves created in order to cause havok and frustration for all those involved. Sounds pretty plausible to me. "small slump" It's not a small slump. The project got an average of 4000$ a day until it almost reached the goal. Then one final push the 25th. All the other days ($700 a day) are simply the real pledge from the real backers that were hidden behind the huge and artificial 4000$ a day. It doesn't mean anything to you. Fine. It means a lot to me and to anyone with a critical mind instead of a blind devotion. Why do I even have to defend myself here? Is it because of me if people get suspicious? Or because of the fake profiles in the first place? Yeah right, lets not forget the reason of the controversy in the first place. Goat, not trying to discredit or anything at all. I can see from your second chart that the campaign had a small slump some days before it got its funding. But that does not mean anything to me in the sense that it does it lead to anything. Ah damn, no edit button :D This is the figures you should look at Rita, I posted them already but it looks like you aren't even checking what I post. <url>"The funding went down because of all the negative pr that went out after your comments in the thread and the press attention. I think anyone and everyone can tell that." The funding went down 4 days before I joined the thread as the figures show it. You simply want to make it look it's all my fault. <url>"Let them talk". Yeah let them talk and sully's Sam name, let's do nothing to show we take the matter extremely seriously and that we will press Amazon hard enough to find who created these accounts. It's like you almost don't want to know. I sure do, and be sure this drama has become a big entertainment for a lot of people and they won't drop until they get what they came for: The head of the guys who think you can play with the credibility of people financing projects on KS. It's not about Sam anymore. It's much bigger. It's about trust on KS. While I don't really want to jump into the middle of the fight here, I would like to comment on one thing Rita just mentioned - past experience (long and boring story, don't need to bore you with it) has shown me that Kickstarter and Amazon Payments seem to be really quick to resort to finger-pointing...whenever anything at all goes wrong, attempting to get an answer about what's going from either Kickstarter OR Amazon Payments on will result in whoever you've dealt with pointing at the other and saying "it's THEIR fault, everything's fine on our end." I think we all appreciate what you brought to the table, goat. And we also appreciate the transperancy efforts Sam has been taking on his end, which is FAR more than anything Ouya or Gridiron has done. That's why I and many others still support him. Also, if I remember correctly, Sam did get in touch with Amazon Payments asking about the accounts and what not (who redirectred him back to Kickstarter). It's the internet, so people will always talk. There will be those who won't back the project, and those who will come here after reading about this in the many websites this is now and still choosing to back this - as slowly happened over the last two days. I'm soo sorry Rita. I know, it's all my fault. I shouldn't have asked that initial question about the backers list, and I shouldn't have been in regular contact with Sam to tell him that this was going to happen if he did not find quickly a way to explain what was going out with those names. I was in the front seat here and in other forums, I saw people asking questions and claiming something fraudulous was going on. I'm not even the one behind these screen captures, it's far bigger than me. I decided to join the campaign to share what I read elswhere with Sam, to warn him, to make him understand he can't just say he knows nothing about this, that he must find what's going on. And then what I feared started, the lack of answer ignited the rumors fire and it spread all over the net. I even many times said I want Sam to succeed and develop the game. But I've also been warning him that he would have bigger problems if he did not solve the backers issue first. You may think I'm hurting the campaign with my posts, the truth is that I tried to warn Sam many time that this was going to happen. And I never said ALL the accounts in that link are false. I simply said you can clearly see in the pics what is going on, and identify a great number of fake accounts being edited and backing new projects. I don't want Sam to get his reputation ruined because of this, that's why I always urged him to contact Amazon payments (KS won't do anything) and demand to know who is behind those accounts because they are hurting his credibility and reputation. If I was in his shoes, you bet I wouldn't have waited so long to start investigating (instead of claiming it's all normal) and even to cancel the campaign, say sorry to everyone about the inconvenience and redirect them to a new campaign. I would never want my name to be associated with something so fishy. Especially in a world where PR is so important. @Sam, I'm really sorry to see this happening to you and your team. I believe in the project and you guys and I don't think you are doing anything wrong. The mess is a shame, but you have been really frank and open about the whole process, acting on the community's advice and doing what was in your power. Please don't let this change your mind about the project. I know this it must be really hard for you guys to cope with this day in and day out, but you have been awesome about the whole thing (as shown by Matt and the other people who came here and pledged after reading your open and transparent comments), and barring a few people, I'm sure everyone appreciates what you are doing. Wow. Crazy wow. I'm off for a day and all hell breaks lose. Goat, you're really stretching this too much now and hurting this campaign. A lot. And your remarks about relaunching with same assets by copy-pasting are overlooking a lot of logistical issues. Do I even need to point those out? Moreover, kickstarter takes, at the most, 10% of the amount raised. Which means Sam is right and not lying about how much kickstarter stands to make and why they would not do anything about the accounts And the reason they would need 100k would be because others asked Sam not to go with Ouya or double funding. Is there something fishy with some accounts. Sure. Do I care? No. And I have pledged a significant amount of money to the campaign. Your claim of all accounts in that link not being real is highly doubtful as well. Yes, some profiles were changed. But some more were active. Do we even know how many of them are friends or friends of friends of the project creators? Oy, good job, goat! Evidence preserved. It was clearly a mistake by whoever did this to try something like this on the Kickstarter for a Sherlock Holmes, err, pardon, a Watson game! (I am especially partial to the O section: Omar, Omari, Omarion, Osbaldo, Osvaldo, Oswaldo... lol!) Reposting this because some people will keep claiming it's all perfectly normal: <url>"Ok will someone remind me why we care if the backers are legit or not IF Sam is going to get the money?" Maybe we don't need to care if we just look at this project. But for KS as a platform for video game funding I find it devastating, to be honest. It undermines trust. If KS allows such blatantly obvious manipulation (and clearly the next manipulations will be better prpared and we will never be able to find out - only KS would be in that position) I no longer feel as a backer among backers, but as a commodity lured into a game with hidden rules. I *will* be much more careful about the projects I back after seeing what went on here and with Gridiron. And I am *very* dissapointed by KS's response so far. Sure, they must not care where the money they get their cut from comes from. But that is shortsighted to the extreme: trust is the base they stand on, and if that base get's damaged, it will all go to hell. That's why I even joined this discussion - The potential consequences for Kickstarters as a whole, and for video games crowdfunding in particular really worry me. At this point, I really don't care. I'm thinking about writing a "game" that will consist of pressing one button in rythm, fund it myself up to 50k with one fake account and ask OUYA to double my pledge as they have to do it according to their rules. They proved they don't care about the reality of the popular success of the project, as long as the campaign is funded. It work twice already, I see no reason they wouldn't do it for me. It's not a scam, I'm not going to run with the money. I'll just deliver one more half-assed game for the OUYA and get 100k for it. See you guys! And if Ouya is doubling the 50k then we should get up to 100k stretch goals Ok will someone remind me why we care if the backers are legit or not IF Sam is going to get the money? All these profiles that are being edited after we raised our suspicions. Even that missing/maybe dead girl has been changed and all these users backing up projects to hide the fact they are new <url>"The amount they are making off our project is, at the most, $5k": I'm sorry but I highly doubt it. We're talking about hundreds of account. Are you lying again to us? @Sam: "So relaunching would not only mean setting our goal to a daunting $100,000 for the project (since we won't have access to double funding)" Why wouldn't you have access to double-funding again? Are you admitting that there's no chance all these backers will follow you to your new campaign, and that you know very well the $50K is just too high for a project like yours? Am I reading this correctly? @Sam: "However, cancelling and relaunching the campaign comes at a tremendous expense. We spent a considerable amount of money in advertisements for the campaign" What? All the assets used in this campaign are digital, you can basically do a copy-paste of it and I'm sure everyone would understand and follow you to the new one. I'm sorry but you make less sense each time I read you. Again, it feels like you value these 739 backers and $50K more than your reputation. I don't think it's very smart. Er. I think. Not The think. The think the only thing Sam plays, according to Steam history, is Crusader Kings 2. Consolidating his Kingdom and crushing his enemies for a frustration outlet. I suspect most of the opposing kingdoms have been renamed to "Bob". @Sam... On a cheerier note, have you been playing with the 7DTD alpha? @Sam... I feel REALLY bad for you guys! The game concept is awesome and I love the pitch video. My fear is that overzealous OUYA Julie is taking you and Gridiron down the toilet with herself. They are trying so hard to convince people that OUYA projects will be instant hits on kickstarter in order to draw in developers, that they may be shooting both themselves and the developers in the foot. With the evidence pulled from these two campaigns, it is not really that hard to figure out what is going on. I'll be brutally honest here. I almost didn't back just because of the 6-month OUYA exclusivity. I'm starting to fear that my initial reaction might have been the correct one. Not that I have anything against the project. I love the idea and I will back it a second time without all this crap. That said, I'm finding myself siding with PonySaint (and, to a lesser extent Goat). I'm starting to think about pulling out entirely unless those backers are shown as 100% legit backers and not padding on the part of the OUYA people. My money is best spent where I feel it will do the most good. If there's foul play afoot in any way I can't conscientiously continue to be a backer. The ball is now in your court. Make me want to stay. Prove to me that I can trust this project completely. I think it's a lot more likely that OUYA is doing this than that you are. They have a cycle of lying, feigning ignorance, claiming to have fixed problems, and then staying quiet just long enough so that people get tired of following up and just give up. I think your game sounds very interesting, and if you cancelled your campaign and started it over, I would feel very comfortable in pledging. But unless there is a removal of the astroturfed backers and/or an acknowledgement from whoever created them that it was just a misguided attempt to help you guys get more money and OUYA more exposure, I just can't feel comfortable backing your project. Just to be clear and to re-emphasize the point from my earlier post, I do not agree that contacting Kickstarter or Amazon was sufficient, and I do not think that either organization has anything to gain by looking more deeply into the situation. They make more money if they leave the backers there. They take money out of their own pockets if they cancel the transactions. I don't think that they have any reason, other than an ethical one, to look more deeply into this at all. I just think that the right way to handle this is to make it clear to everyone that you won't take dishonest money, and outside of manually cancelling the pledges of the listed fake backers, I'm not sure how to do that other than by cancelling the project and starting over. Lots of people have been very successful in restarting a campaign due to logistic or other issues, and I am confident that the publicity from handling the situation in such a responsible, fair, and consumer-minded manner would remove all of the negative impact to your reputation that this association with Gridiron and FtG has caused. This user's account has been deleted. Hi, Sam. I believe that your backers were created either by you or by OUYA to give them a PR boost or to give you the money from the Free the Games Fund. If you go to <url>"talk" to them. You have to actively fight to prove you have nothing to do with this. You have ways to find out who is behind these profiles that we don't. Defend your reputation. The internet is a jungle and you can't let these rumors spread if you are clean. I'll be honest, the response I got from Sam hasn't diminished my suspicions, quite the contrary. First, the mail I reviewed was asking about info to find correlations between the payment info of the backers to find who is behind the fake profiles, and the response completely ignore that point and doesn't even mention it. I have no way to be sure that request was actually transmitted to KS. It feels more like they are answering to a question like "uh it's strange, some of my backers are only first time backers", which as we agreed before isn't the heart of the question. The reality of the fake profiles is a fact. The next steps should be to find out who created them. Also anyone who did keeps slightly changing them by funding more random projects to make them look "less fake". But besides the number of backed projects, all they other problems remain. I'm sorry to say I'm even more suspicious than before and it feels like someone is doing damage control. Also I'm starting to doubt Sam's motivation to find who created these accounts, despite the fact it should be his priority #1 if he's clean since the Verge, Kotaku and Gamasutra among many site made the story public about these fake accounts, posting the screenshot we made earlier and relaying the list of ridiculous names/avatar combos. I said it before. It's not the time to discuss if it's real or not anymore. It's time to come out clean of this. You still are the prime suspect for many people, Sam. Sorry for telling it like it is but the main benefactor of this is your team, so you can get the pledge doubled by OUYA. @Sam: while I certainly find the issues raised quite fishy, I have to say I'm happy to have backed this project on the merit of it's concept, and I'm rather eager to see it become reality. Go Watson! ;) I'll be honest-I was completely unaware of this game until I heard of the controversy. Seeing your responses convinced me enough to back the game (though I'll be waiting for the PC version), so maybe the controversy wasn't all bad :). Good luck! I'll just say this. I didn't like the OUYA before, but I like it even less now. I'll stick to Sony for my console experience, thank you very much. Ouch... All that press is not helping. Being lumped into a scam article is not good. It does appear that OUYA has changed their ways though. They went from a few large backers to quite a few smaller backers in a poor attempt to disguise what they are doing. Wow! Just wow! Wow. I pop in to see if there's anything happening in the comments, and there's this spew of them! I hope this all gets sorted out. If it's true that Ouya is fiddling stuff around, I'm rather disinclined to support them in any way, and will return to Plan A of waiting the extra six months for the Linux version! Just hope this doesn't affect the campaign's overall success... I understand this must be really draining for you Sam, and I'm sincerely sorry for you and your team. But to be fair, it was your responsibility as the creator of the Kickstarter to see there is an issue with a big number of backers profiles as early as possible (if you weren't aware of it in the first place). I'm glad you are working with us to get to the bottom of this, and I really hope it's not too little too late. I still have a really hard time with the fact that you knew nothing about this, but I give you the benefit of the doubt. Like I said before, transparency is crucial in a KS project (OUYA learned it the hard way), and no one would be mad at your team if it appear your game was originally backed by OUYA. But if they learn it through investigations and rumors, then they will be much less forgiving because of the feeling to be fooled. I'm also working with OUYA to know more about this all, but they have been unfortunately much less helping than you. Hope you can clarify it soon, as the press is picking up on it now, as goats links show. Just google "gridiron fraud ouya"... I enjoyed the pitch, and are looking forward to this game being made. However, I just learned about the potential "backer scandal" as made public by Goat. I have to admit that Goat's arguments are pretty strong: the alphabetical order of numerous backers (that only joined KS in July 2013), their silly names and the random avatar pictures can't convince me that these are authentic backers. For example, I checked the profiles of Jaylen Scott, who uses the picture of Scott Klinger, an author on corporate tax dodging, and Cora Jones, who uses the picture of iron chef Cat Cora, and Colleen Thompson, who uses the picture of Colleen L. McGuire, a retired officer of the United States Army. The real persons belonging to these pictures are not typically of the famous type, whose pics are used by fanboys all over the world. Hence , those accounts are not authentic (even if they back other projects as well). Unfortunately, i cannot deduct from their profiles who the culprit is... The project from Sam looks authentic to me, so some other forces are at play??? And if they were planning to fund 150k or more in the first place, it also makes sense. That, or they almost forced the devs to get their game funded through KS so they could give them the 75K that were promised, so the devs had to find a way to reach their KS goal, for example by pledging their own (or their friends) money promising they would give it back once OUYA completed the fund transfer. Anyway, bottom line is OUYA was involved upfront, promised money to the devs, and had to make sure the KS campaign get funded so they could give the money. Maybe saying "OK guys, we like your game and want to fund it, but you have to find a way to make a successful KS", or maybe putting their own money in it. Eh, read the comments I talk about. I know it makes no sense, but a lot of things OUYA did make no sense at all. Like they give away console to famous people while some backers are still waiting theirs. Basically a guy who knows someone in the dev team said OUYA was planning to fund the game before the FTG KS campaign. But then, suddenly a genius proclaimed that the game will have to go through the whole KS route to get the funds so it would fit their new campaign better. The Gridiron devs, who weren't planning to do a KS at all in the first place, had to quickly make one just so OUYA could give them the money through that route. I know it sounds ridiculous, but like I said, they made a lot of bad decisions. And frankly, that would explain ALL. Like why OUYA supported the Gridiron campaign despite all the people telling them the pledge from the backers amount to $3000 only and that it looks like a scam. Why would OUYA want to be associated with a scam so bad? Because it's not a scam if it's OUYA funding the project in the first place. Why would OUYA spend 70k backing a game only to have to add another 70k on top of that goat? makes no sense, the likeliest scenario is that the Gridiron Devs quickly made a rubbish mock up game, put the money in themselves so that OUYA would have to double it, put the rubbish game onto the console and run away with the money they were supposed to invest into development. I also don't believe the devs at Elementary are doing this in any way shape or form, they have way too many backers for that Also if this WAS the case (and it would be the most likely at this stage), I want you to know that you've done nothing wrong and it would be OUYA's fault entirely to put you in such a terrible situation, forcing you to make a KS campaign to allow them to fund you through it because of their terrible marketing practice. The guys developping the Gridiron are most likely also cool devs, and because of this stupid idea from OUYA, the web is now full of comments saying how their funding campaign is a fraud because the actual backers amount to only $3.000. This was really not a smart move from OUYA but it wouldn't be the first time they do something stupid. In a way, I almost wish your story is somewhat similar, because it would remove all suspicion of responsibility from you regarding these strange backer profiles. It's really unfortunate you have to go through this, but I keep thinking the best is really transparency, because when people find things like that by themselves they feel really fooled and are less likely to understand the real reasons. Basically, the mysterious donators are OUYA themselves. You wouldn't happen to be funded by OUYA too, now would you Sam? Naah, just kidding, it's not my business in any way if it was the case (but it would explain a lot of things and remove any suspicions that you were trying to scam them, because OUYA would be OK with this all ;p) Interesting development regarding the Gridiron KS campaign (the other FTG fund game) on the comments of their page ;) Thanks, Sam! We got your back and we believe in you! PS - Did I mention the video is awesome? ;) Just wanted to say thanks @Goat for persevering even through the negative comments thrown your way. I have backed a lot of KS projects, and I have never seen anything like that in a backer list before. I am glad @Sam is having KS look into it, because the possibility of so many potential sham backers could cause a shortfall for the Project Creators in failed pledges after project's end. Also, FYI, you can create multiple accounts on just one Amazon account. Many people have alt accounts for when they want to pledge for more than one level on a project. It just requires a separate email for each account created. Let's hope this all gets cleared up and all of us real backers can get back to the fun and games! :) Hey chaps! We've got a new update out, with a link to a piece of concept art that is MYSTERIOUS. Who do you think it could be? Take a gander and let us know! <url>"But well, as long as the game is going to be good that's fine with me, but funny nonetheless." My position too :) I actually want to see this game being developed too. I just found all this very strange and felt like investigating. Probably just getting impatient for good Sherlock Holmes games ;) <url>"It's OK guys! Don't question the origin of the funds! We have exclusive games!" <url>#comments I liked the art in the pitch video, but the background of the first image in the above link looks really good. @Cerity "It does show care and attention to details I haven't seen since Syberia" You should look at Machinarium, if you don't know about it, you might like it. Eh, I like my Ouya, it's great for emulators. I'm happy to back a game that can bring some content to a new system that's trying new things. @Goat I agree, their marketing might not have been the best, but it's a difficult to break into the console market. Trying unconventional methods might be exactly what they need! ;) @OUYA good to see your support! Cute profile facelift, who were you before fate appointed, ?? I have a theory this game may need to be cancelled. In such case, maybe a physical artbook or something... I do like the art. It does show care and attention to details I haven't seen since Syberia @OUYA Mwaahahah, that serendipity :D @Aaron Julie always imagined that the only way to "disrupt the market of the big 3" is to play the "rebel youth" card. Using outdated catchphrases that look like coming out of an old sega ad and making people you are either a "spineless slave to the big 3", either with OUYA. This was ridiculous and completely missign the point. I own a nintendo console AND I do support a lot of indie games. Both aren't exclusive. But she tried so hard to make her brand sound cool that she took a lot of very bad decisions. Basically she was good at finding investors using PR marketing spin, but she's doing a terrible job at communicating with gamers and developpers and understanding what they want. Also they lacked respect to their backers (they gave console away while many backers still did not get theirs). Couldn't resist backing this game. Elementary, My Dear Victory Square Games! Are kickstarter comments loading really slowly for anyone else? @Goat Jeez, how did Ouya let that ad get out... It's worse than the 2006 "All I want for Christmas is a PSP" video. <url>"I would not be surprised if OUYA set up those acounts...in fact that's what I believed in the first place." I would find it hilarious, and it would then backfire at them at least as much as their latest commercial :D <url>"kobe beef jerky", creator was minutes away from $100k tax free, I hope Sam, Games, and Direct 1 Media can find out if a "large number " of backers are using the same amazon account. Or bogus credit card info. I wish there was a pre-check on authorization eliminating fake numbers, GOOD LUCK EVERYONE :) The funniest conspiracy theory would be that it's actually OUYA themselves setting up false profiles so they choose the project they fund themselves (because honestly, apart from Gridiron and dear Holmes, it seems no other project is even close to the lower $50K limit). :D That would be hilarious and totally on par with OUYA marketing campaign so far : - create fake profiles - back games - "look! our campaign is a huge success! no we've got plenty of exclusive titles!". They still have to find uses for that million bucks, it ain't gonna spend itself. Hey there everyone! Just pledged for the game because I think it will be very funny :-) But I am not sure if I will cancel my pledge later, because of the 6 months OUYA exclusivity which sucks a bit. The backer thing Goat brought up is a bit fishy as well... I think it's pretty ridiculous that there is ANY argument whether or not something scammy is going on. The question isn't whether or not the backers are fake, but whether or not the developer is involved in it or if OUYA is doing this to ensure a game they're featuring on their site get's backed (because it was looking grim before the two projects in question got funded). I'm glad Goat has been going on about this to bring it to people's attention, because if something like this is happening, it's bad for everyone involved. However, what hasn't been explained properly (but can be seen with your own eyes by looking at the list) is not just the number of people, or their images, or their names. None of these alone point to anything nefarious, but WHEN YOU LOOK AT THEM TOGETHER, things become clear. How is it that suddenly, a bunch of people with similar O names (who have never contributed) all pledged one after another, then P-Names, then A-names, and of these groups of people a large chunk are using google-found images as their profiles for images relating to their names(most comically, there is a Dexter with the TV character's image, a Phoebe with the Friends character). I'm not pointing fingers, I'm just pointing out the obvious, and I think everyone deserves to know who is behind it. Yeah, and these don't even have funny name/pic combo. The list you posted before was just the tip of a fishy iceberg, but I feel like I'm going Mulder all over this and people will start to call me crazy for thinking all these profiles from july/aug, with 0 (or recently 1) project, and in alphabetical order are perfectly normal and not suspicious at all :D Tzolak - here is the backers list right before your own pledge. I think its clear that either someone is running a sick joke (could even be an attempt to discredit the project) or tries to manipulate. Anyway, I will not back (I'm in with $1) until this is cleared up. Well and until I have seen some gameplay :) Tzolak-Barter Empire & Steel & Steam! Backed 34 other projects. Agatha Backed 1 other project. Adamina Agnes Backed 1 other project. Aizza Akiva Backed 1 other project. Alicen Alicia Backed 1 other project. Alisha Alina Backed 1 other project. Nolan Backed 1 other project. Omar Backed 1 other project. Omari Omarion Orlando Osbaldo Oscar Backed 1 other project. Osvaldo Backed 1 other project. Oswaldo Backed 1 other project. Parker Paxton Peter Philip Pierre Porter Backed 1 other project. And the funniest thing that happened today. Since I raised concern about these profiles from July/august at the bottom of the list with 0 other projects, a bunch of them suddenly backed 1 new project since yesterday. Not 2 or 3. 1. Again, nothing incriminating. Just really strange coincidences. "Guilty until proven innocent, right?" Where did I say Sam is Guilty? Suspicious until proven wrong, certainly. And I don't care if only me and Ben see how ridiculous that name list is. That's just the fact and I'll let them speak for themselves. "If someone really wanted to scam Ouya, that's a lot of work making 200+ accounts each one having ages going back as early as before june of 2011, AND backing projects that aren't even related." All the accounts I talk about are july/august 2013 and backed 0 other projects. I'm pretty sure you haven't even checked the list yourself otherwise you would see it since it's so obvious. Also it's not that much work to get at least $50k from OUYA. I could probably create these accounts in a few hours if it means getting 1 year of salary. @Goat Guilty until proven innocent, right? "For all you know (in reference to your chart), they had some kind of interview go out that one day they had the 12k pledged. That's possible." I wasn't questionning that pledge, just the fact that as soon as the project reached the goal, the donations dropped to an all time low, and I'm pretty sure it will continue in the coming days. I'm sorry you misinterpreted the facts I posted. I may have issue with English as it's not my language. "So something else is bugging you." Nope. Only the 150 name list Ben posted. I always only asked questions about these names. All the other backers are legit. I have no proof the list of those 150 backers with ridiculous names/pictures combo (one of them is a missing and probably dead person) is a fraud, that's why I ask Sam to contact Amazon and do all he can to dismiss our fears (he's the only one who can do it), as I'm certainly not the only one finding that list of names utterly strange. So I'm not accusing anyone. Just stating the fact as they are, strange things going on the only two fully funded "free the games" KS; Gridiron and this one. I only ask to be proven wrong so we can all be reassured. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. "No one here can validate your claims or verify the veracity of each of those backers. No one. " Sam can by contacting kickstarter or Amazon. And he should so he could dismiss any legitimate questions about the funding around his project. So far he always replied that there's nothing to worry about and that we should keep our rose-colored glasses and stay positive. If you are tired about my questions to him; don't read them. Basically what Chris said: "@Goat I don't see what @sam can really do besides contact Kickstarter / Amazon. " It's beyond me why we have to tell Sam what any normal project manager should do if there was any suspicion of fraud. Unless he doesn't really want to dig into this any deeper. I like what @Ghanburighan said talk to Kickstarter or Amazon and verify that they are indeed legit. @Goat I don't see what @sam can really do besides contact Kickstarter / Amazon. We should find out before the campaign ends before our money is taken and Sam doesn't receive shorted funds. *does you no justice Stupid lack of an edit button.... @Goat Your attempt to paint me with your broad brush do you no justice. If you had read my previous comments on this campaign, you would know that I've only backed for $1, in order to stay up-to-date on development because I was concerned by the 6-month exclusivity for the OUYA. I'm not invested in this at all. I'm simply tired of seeing you spam the same thing over and over. No one here can validate your claims or verify the veracity of each of those backers. No one. If you really think there's a case, take it up with those who can. @Sam - if you don't know where these accounts come from, it would maybe be advisable to ask KS (or amazon) to check if these accounts originate from the same legal entity and / or charge to the same account / credit card. If so, and if the pledge amount from the questionable backers is considerable you are running a considerable risk of a large default on pledges. "While we appreciate their pledge amounts" I'm not sure it's a valid and legal answer to say you simply appreciate and don't question the origin of the funds you received, especially if there's an indication that something shady is going on. If I received dirty money from a criminal looking individual without questioning it, I could be judged an accomplice by a court. Your overly positive reaction to this isn't what should be expected from a normal project manager discovering that more than 150 shady profiles backed his project (and you even can check for how much they back it in total, remember the average pledge so far is 70$ per backer, a bit less if we remove the $10.000, which is enormous). A normal project manager would question it so he wouldn't be associated to these shady profiles. "We want to focus on the positive." Of course. Why would you risk ruining the project and your reputation? I see - in that case I agree, it looks suspicious. I first only saw the recent backers that all have a number of projects backed. " Now if all of these people on the list have backed no other projects, than it might be worth a closer look" That's exactly the case. You think I would start rumors out of thin air? This case is solid, it's the complete denial of the devs that is irritating. I wouldn't mind if he said it's indeed strange. But all he did was saying it's perfectly normal and not worth worrying about (we have to stay positive!). @Goat - and your name is really Goat and you are a stomping robot? My Name is not GhanBuriGhan, and I am not a Divinity Original sin character. I think it's good to be careful, so I appreciate Bens effort. I agree the Gridiron example mentioned below looks very suspicious, and that merits a closer look at this project. But a list of names proves nothing, as you must know you can use any user name you like on KS, any photo, and change it any time. Now if all of these people on the list have backed no other projects, than it might be worth a closer look, but the names and pictures themselves mean nothing. Maybe Ben is willing to ammend his list by the number of projects backed by each of them? (I only wanted to put a reminder for this project because I am waiting to see some actual gameplay concepts - but I pledged $1 instead to be able to reply here when I read the recent comments) The sickest in that list is the profile created using the pictore of a missing person: Alivia Das - Missing woman Alivia Kail Of course it's because the one who created all these profiles simple googled the first names. But for Sam to say this is coincidence or someone with a sense of humour I find it extremely cynical and lacking empathy. Seriously, a missing and probably killed person shows up to back this adventure game? That's a really unfortunate and sick mistake. @Jito: I made no claims, I asked legitimate questions first which weren't answered. Also I wanted to give an opportunity to Sam to defend itself before reporting it to OUYA and kickstarter, but if you insist. "I'm getting sick of reading your conspiracy theories". Of course, you are a backer. You are biased and take this personally. Problem is, if this was really a conspiracy from my side and not basic critical thinking, explain other post's like Ben's legitimate question. No one can look at this and say there's nothing wrong about these backers profiles. No. One. Absolom = UK actor Joe Absolom Acklerley = David Acklerly Alexa Smith = Businesswoman Alexa Von Tobel Vaibhav Rastogi = Indian actor Vaibhav Reddy Gabriel Boucher = US gymnast Gabriel Douglas Adelaide = a picture of Adelaide, Australia Alexis Langlois = Alexis Bledel Nicolas Fournier = Nicolas Cage Emily Morris = Emily Deschanel Kaitlyn Roy = nutritionist Kait Fortunato Agatha = Agatha Christie Alisha = Taiwanese model Alicia Liu Omari = actor Omari Hardwick Omarion = professor Justin Omarion Paxton = Bill Paxton Peter = Peter Dinklage Philip = Phillip Seymour Hoffman Pierre = physicist Pierre Gaspard Dexter Harris = Michael C. Hall as Dexter Morgan Abel Allen = Professor Abel Folsch Adam Lee - Professor Adam Wierman Aditya Adams - Professor Aditya Prakash Michaela Brown - cheerleader Michaela Stalder Mikayla Phillips - UFL staffer Mikayla Ivers Molly Hall - Etix employee Molly Bendall Natalie Roberts - Natalie Portman Montana Gonzalez - picture of a Chevrolet Montana Nayeli Lopez - amateur actress Nayli Russo Noelia Hall - Noel Gallagher Noemi Martinez - City of Mission, TX staffer Noemi Munguia Olivia Brown - Winona State University student Olivia Wulf Julie Wright - Professor Julie Nelson, Ph.D. Juliet Thompson - Claire Danes as Juliet Alex Adams - Swiss professor Alexandre Pouget Jay Lewis - Jay Jay the Jet Plane Jefferson Taylor - Thomas Jefferson Jerry Walker - Jerry (of Tom and Jerry) Karla Johnson - blogger Karley Robey Karly Martinez - UFL professor Karly Jacobsen Claudia Rodriguez - University of Notre Dame professor Claudia Polini Collene Thompson - Colleen L. Mcguire Cora Jones - Cat Cora from Iron Chef Corinne Lopez - FederatedMedia.net staffer Corinne Kasman Cakota Lewis - Dakota Fanning Dasia Allen - a random image from DASIA 2013 (<url>"Plain woman" Leah Nadeau - City of Albany councillor Leah Golby Matthew Jackson - Matthew C H Tong Cameron Poulin - David Cameron Hudson Michaud - picture of a vintage Hudson Motor Car Sesbatian Couture - Christopher Sebastian Riya Robinson - Riya Sen Bertie Williams - Irish politician Bertie Ahern Zack Hall - Twitter employee Zach N. Hofer-Shall Zakai King - Yaron Zakai-Or Zazu Scott - painter/sculptor Scott Myers Ruben Campbell - Ruben R Puentendura Sagiv Evans - professor Jacob Sagiv Sam Collins - journalist Sam Pizzigati Sampson Stewart - dancer George Sampson Saul Sanchez - Knoxville News Sentinel photographer Saul Young Sebastian Morris - economist Sebastian Leitner Shamir Morgan - Shamir Tandon Sivan Bailey - Sivan Aldor-Noiman Patrick Ramirez - Patrick from Spongebob Paul James - Paul Dyer (Australian Brandenburg Orchestra) Philip Brooks - Statue of Phillip II of Macedon, 382BC Raanan Kelley - Rannan Bar-Cohen Nick Simmons - Nick Jonas Noah Alexander - Russel Crow (playing Noah) Oran Graham - image of Oran, Algeria Joseph Sullivan - Joseph Yu Josh Wallace - Michael B Jordan (playing Wallace in 'The Wire') Jud Owens - German film poster for Jud Süß Kabos Gibson - Professor Kabos Sandor Julie Bedard - IATP associate Julia Olmstead Anna Desjardins - Anna Kournikova Catherina Richard - USC professor Richard Taylor Levi Gagne - Levi van Veluw Harrison Lefebvre - Harrison Ford Justin Martel - Justin Bieber Callum Lecierc - Callum Hart Matthew Parent - Matthew Farrelly, Ph.D Piper Fortin - Piper Kerman, author or Orange is the NEw Black Jared Henry - Jared Leto Hans Nichols - Alan Rickman (portraying Hans Gruber in Die Hard) Ichabod Dunn - Johnny Depp (portraying Ichabod Dunn in Sleepy Hollow) Zahavah Payne - Billy Zane Isaiah Spencer - Isaiah Washington Zaza Wagner - @ZazaTMO Vidette Riloey - Vidette Bullock Mixon, GBPHB corporate relations Yael Lawrence = French-Israeli singer Yael Naim Shira Carr - Shirra Harington @ Purposeful Hire, Inc. Shoshana Chapman - fashion designer Shoshanna Lonstein Gruss Stacy Richards - NYU student Stacy Alicea Stella Williamson - Princess Stella cartoon (Winx Club) Susannah Banks - Susannah Llewellyn (MEC Global) Suzanna Meyer - Suzanne Roshan Nitzana Little - Stuart Little Odera Jacobs - Aramando Albarran (fugitive) Pazia Romero - C. Pazia Mannella Rachael Burke - author Rachel Rennee Russell Maria Mendoza - Maria Carolina Herrera-Hernandez, Ph.D Alice Blais - American McGee's Alice Brooke Richard - Brooke Burke Reese Lavoie - Reeses chocolate bar Paige Hebert - Paige Johnson staffer UNCW Parker Lachance - Jason Statham as "Parker" Pankaj Jumar - Pankaj Barman Alivia Das - Missing woman Alivia Kail Lawl Curtis - American University professor Curtis Burrill Libby O Brien - Dr. Wendy B Libby (Stetson Uni) Linda Sutton - OneJustice director Linda Kim Lisa Gregory - Mona Lisa Malcom Haman - Malcolm McDowell Wesley Kukowski - Dutch footballer Wesley Sneijder Wow this was entertaining! Maybe we should bring in Watson to solve this unless he is a fraud duh duh duhhhhh... In that case Sherlock will solve it. It does seem awful fishy some of these pledges. I agree with @ Goat that something nefarious is afoot. I also agree with @Jito you can just cancel your pledge and be done with this whole thing. How can these be fake bakers? People who use fake credit cards? That's a lot of them ... I for one hope all is legit and will be waiting to get this game (I'm even contemplating the purchase of a OUYA) @Goat If you really believe there's fraud involved, take it up with Kickstarter. Let them investigate. No one will convince you, and no one else can verify your claims. It's useless to make near libelous claims (practically accusing them of scamming OUYA for money) in the comments section, unless your only intent is to stir up unrest and dissent. If you truly believe something nefarious is going on, take it to Kickstarter. Personally speaking, I'm getting sick of reading your conspiracy theories, which - by the way - no one here can prove or disprove. I guess that's what makes for a "good" conspiracy theory. @Goat Every KS project goes through a mid-campaign slump. Every. Single. One. Without fail. Oh and Sam, since you wanted to play the chart game with me; here's another one (we too can have access to these metrics ;) <url>"mission accomplished" and then stopped pumping the money into this. Again, to bad that person was so lazy (like with the profile names and pictures). The devil really is in the details. "Also, just so everyone is clear - we don't even get the bulk of Ouya money until after the game is finished. The game will be built using donations from our generous backers. Any dev that is trying to put their own money in the program to try and make quick money will actually end up losing money after Amazon payments take their cut!" Oh so now you also try to say this scam can't be viable? Of course it can. If I remember correctly, your receive 25% at the funding of the project, then you can quickly work on a release and get the rest of the money later. A loan would let you do that and repay the bank later. That's how finance works, you should know about this. And yeah, glad you brought up the kickstarter fees. I guess you start to see that there was a risk in all this know. If OUYA gets suspicious too, they could use one of their clause to retract from this project, leaving you paying the fees for all these fake accounts (yes they are, you can't simply say these people are real and with a sense of humor. The list below is crystal clear, these accounts are NOT real names and pictures. No matter how many people will join the thread to say that they are real. Actually, even with fake accounts, the one behind them could join the thread and post to perpetuate this con. "I agree that the backers list is interesting in the least. Someone does seem to have a very interesting sense of humour." Ahah yes I think too :) Also it's really crazy how much comments my first one here generated. All these people coming out of nowhere, saying they are real people and unhappy that it's implied some accounts could be fake (will the list below shows that it's obviously the case), and you thanking them but NEVER addressing the concern in the first place (like saying "mmkay, yeah it looks suspicious, let me look into it"), all you ever answer is either unrelated either trying to be reassuring (while you are not supposed at all to know if there's really a problem with some of the backers. You should appear at least a bit more concerned). And I wouldn't use the Gridiron campaign as an example, we've been analyzing the pledges and $75k over $78k are funded by less than 10 accounts, 2 pledging for $25k each. So the real figures are closer to $3000, which DOES sound a lot more plausible. So yeah, they are scamming OUYA. I just hope you'll somehow prove me wrong about your own project ;) This user's account has been deleted. I do apologise if I'm seen as being overly aggressive or negative, but the backer list is ridiculous. It's not one or two people who happen to share the name/image of celebrity. There's a definite pattern. Not all are celebrities One of the images is even a missing woman, and another is a fugitive. Others are of professors, staff, university students, images unlikely to be used by someone else as a profile pic. Not wanting to be accussatory, but I just don't know who else would be profiting from this if not the creator of the project. Absolom = UK actor Joe Absolom Acklerley = David Acklerly Alexa Smith = Businesswoman Alexa Von Tobel Vaibhav Rastogi = Indian actor Vaibhav Reddy Gabriel Boucher = US gymnast Gabriel Douglas Adelaide = a picture of Adelaide, Australia Alexis Langlois = Alexis Bledel Nicolas Fournier = Nicolas Cage Emily Morris = Emily Deschanel Kaitlyn Roy = nutritionist Kait Fortunato Agatha = Agatha Christie Alisha = Taiwanese model Alicia Liu Omari = actor Omari Hardwick Omarion = professor Justin Omarion Paxton = Bill Paxton Peter = Peter Dinklage Philip = Phillip Seymour Hoffman Pierre = physicist Pierre Gaspard Dexter Harris = Michael C. Hall as Dexter Morgan Abel Allen = Professor Abel Folsch Adam Lee - Professor Adam Wierman Aditya Adams - Professor Aditya Prakash Michaela Brown - cheerleader Michaela Stalder Mikayla Phillips - UFL staffer Mikayla Ivers Molly Hall - Etix employee Molly Bendall Natalie Roberts - Natalie Portman Montana Gonzalez - picture of a Chevrolet Montana Nayeli Lopez - amateur actress Nayli Russo Noelia Hall - Noel Gallagher Noemi Martinez - City of Mission, TX staffer Noemi Munguia Olivia Brown - Winona State University student Olivia Wulf Julie Wright - Professor Julie Nelson, Ph.D. Juliet Thompson - Claire Danes as Juliet Alex Adams - Swiss professor Alexandre Pouget Jay Lewis - Jay Jay the Jet Plane Jefferson Taylor - Thomas Jefferson Jerry Walker - Jerry (of Tom and Jerry) Karla Johnson - blogger Karley Robey Karly Martinez - UFL professor Karly Jacobsen Claudia Rodriguez - University of Notre Dame professor Claudia Polini Collene Thompson - Colleen L. Mcguire Cora Jones - Cat Cora from Iron Chef Corinne Lopez - FederatedMedia.net staffer Corinne Kasman Cakota Lewis - Dakota Fanning Dasia Allen - a random image from DASIA 2013 (<url>"Plain woman" Leah Nadeau - City of Albany councillor Leah Golby Matthew Jackson - Matthew C H Tong Cameron Poulin - David Cameron Hudson Michaud - picture of a vintage Hudson Motor Car Sesbatian Couture - Christopher Sebastian Riya Robinson - Riya Sen Bertie Williams - Irish politician Bertie Ahern Zack Hall - Twitter employee Zach N. Hofer-Shall Zakai King - Yaron Zakai-Or Zazu Scott - painter/sculptor Scott Myers Ruben Campbell - Ruben R Puentendura Sagiv Evans - professor Jacob Sagiv Sam Collins - journalist Sam Pizzigati Sampson Stewart - dancer George Sampson Saul Sanchez - Knoxville News Sentinel photographer Saul Young Sebastian Morris - economist Sebastian Leitner Shamir Morgan - Shamir Tandon Sivan Bailey - Sivan Aldor-Noiman Patrick Ramirez - Patrick from Spongebob Paul James - Paul Dyer (Australian Brandenburg Orchestra) Philip Brooks - Statue of Phillip II of Macedon, 382BC Raanan Kelley - Rannan Bar-Cohen Nick Simmons - Nick Jonas Noah Alexander - Russel Crow (playing Noah) Oran Graham - image of Oran, Algeria Joseph Sullivan - Joseph Yu Josh Wallace - Michael B Jordan (playing Wallace in 'The Wire') Jud Owens - German film poster for Jud Süß Kabos Gibson - Professor Kabos Sandor Julie Bedard - IATP associate Julia Olmstead Anna Desjardins - Anna Kournikova Catherina Richard - USC professor Richard Taylor Levi Gagne - Levi van Veluw Harrison Lefebvre - Harrison Ford Justin Martel - Justin Bieber Callum Lecierc - Callum Hart Matthew Parent - Matthew Farrelly, Ph.D Piper Fortin - Piper Kerman, author or Orange is the NEw Black Jared Henry - Jared Leto Hans Nichols - Alan Rickman (portraying Hans Gruber in Die Hard) Ichabod Dunn - Johnny Depp (portraying Ichabod Dunn in Sleepy Hollow) Zahavah Payne - Billy Zane Isaiah Spencer - Isaiah Washington Zaza Wagner - @ZazaTMO Vidette Riloey - Vidette Bullock Mixon, GBPHB corporate relations Yael Lawrence = French-Israeli singer Yael Naim Shira Carr - Shirra Harington @ Purposeful Hire, Inc. Shoshana Chapman - fashion designer Shoshanna Lonstein Gruss Stacy Richards - NYU student Stacy Alicea Stella Williamson - Princess Stella cartoon (Winx Club) Susannah Banks - Susannah Llewellyn (MEC Global) Suzanna Meyer - Suzanne Roshan Nitzana Little - Stuart Little Odera Jacobs - Aramando Albarran (fugitive) Pazia Romero - C. Pazia Mannella Rachael Burke - author Rachel Rennee Russell Maria Mendoza - Maria Carolina Herrera-Hernandez, Ph.D Alice Blais - American McGee's Alice Brooke Richard - Brooke Burke Reese Lavoie - Reeses chocolate bar Paige Hebert - Paige Johnson staffer UNCW Parker Lachance - Jason Statham as "Parker" Pankaj Jumar - Pankaj Barman Alivia Das - Missing woman Alivia Kail Lawl Curtis - American University professor Curtis Burrill Libby O Brien - Dr. Wendy B Libby (Stetson Uni) Linda Sutton - OneJustice director Linda Kim Lisa Gregory - Mona Lisa Malcom Haman - Malcolm McDowell Wesley Kukowski - Dutch footballer Wesley Sneijder @Riggo I'm just doing the math. Gridiron Thunder (which Ouya is STILL supporting) is definitely scamming. <url>"Absolom" onwards. Suspicious being obvious fakes where the profile image is often of a celebrity with a similar name. Backer "Absolom" has an image of UK actor Joe Absolom. Backer "Vaibhav Rastogi" has an image of Indian actor Vaibhaiv Reddy. Alexis Langlois is Alexis Bledil. Nicolas Fournier is Nic Cage, Emily Morris is Emily Deschanel, Agatha is Agatha Christie. Nick Simmons is Nick Jonas, Harisson Lefebvre is Harrison Ford. Bill Paxton, Peter Dinklage, and Phillip Seymour Hoffman are all on board. Dexter Harris is TV's "Dexter". Phoebe Lewis is Phoebe from Friends. Raquel Davis is Raquel Welch. Lisa Gregory is the Mona Lisa(!) and Reese Lavoie is a Reeses candy bar! Again, that's not including other suspicious accounts that include stock/no profile images but are simlarly suspicious (order, lack of contributions to other projects, signup date) I really hope you're not scamming/backing your own Kickstarter to get Ouya funding. @Jito... Have been noticing strange slow comment response times myself. Is KS running slow for anyone else? I post, and a few seconds later, it informs me of a new post (my own). Who's anonymous? I'm not hiding behind some facade, some fake name name, some online handle....oh. *slinks off to find the coffee and a power outlet* @Riggo @Jito I seem to have stumbled upon a meeting of Gamers Anonymous... My name is Eden and I've been playing Payday 2 for six hours straight... :D @Jito... At least, there does seem to be quite a few of us. :-) @Riggo Aren't we all? :) @Rita... Hi, I am Riggo and I am an addict. ;-) Awesome, glad to see this is fully funded now. This game could be really great if they execute it right. I backed it because I like to game, and I'm a big Sherlock Holmes fan. The new US series Elementary is okay (I do like Lucy Liu's portrayal of Watson), but I'm more of a fan of the BBC series. The recent RDJ movies did a good job of being really accurate to the books (in terms of character), but I thought the stories were a little silly. Having said that, I think the kind of humorous interpretation of the series that this game is bringing could be good, especially if they're taking a less serious view of Sherlock and Watson. Haha, I don't think well be seeing much opium use on Sherlock's part?? I rarely watch the video before backing, I read the page for info,look at the concept info, and see what is posted thusfar. I also tend to prefer names that have some kind of trust built in their industry. A cute video doesn't do much to get me to back. That being said, a decent production value on the video can inspire confidence. Also, wow @Riggo you've backed so many games! Haha, you hadn't watched it before? And you still backed it? Lol! Did you just back it based on the concept/ art? @Rita... Also, thanks for pointing out the video... I finally watched it! Too funny! @Rita... Welcome to the kickstarter addiction! We are hoping someone can fund a support group! :-) @Karen I think you'll find that's a little closer to the original text than is often portrayed! Although judging by @Sam's comments, I don't think we'll be seeing any of that in the game (too bad!) Just came back and saw this is fully funded, congrats! François, I'm a big Sherlock fan too! I loved the BBC series on Netflix! Oh dear, this is getting intense. I don't play video games, but I'm a Sherlock Holmes fan. Saw this on a Holmes forum and so I came here. Then saw the funny pitch video and decided it was worth my money. If they can put me in a Sherlock Holmes world for $85, it is completely worth my while! Haha, woah, is that Sherlock smoking a pipe?? Doesn't look like tobacco.... LOL! I backed because the review was good and the video was funny! Plus I really liked the initial character art. Watson's mustache is epic! lol @Brandon I found this kickstarter through the Rock, Paper, Shotgun post. I hadn't used kickstarter before this. Congrats on your funding! @Brandon... I have backed numerous projects where a large majority have been new to kickstarter... Granted, some of them were games like Armikrog and Carmaggedon where there is a large drooling group of fans who backed for a new game from there favorite creator, but 7 Days to Die had a huge following of new backers because of Youtube play-throughs of the alpha and zero established fan base other than they love zombies. I am curious about ehy such a high percentage of the backers are new to kickstarter. The discussion is also surprisingly on point. I'm not convinced this is a scam, but I am a little concerned by a couple of the irregularities. Could I possibly hear from some of the new backers what brout them here? lol well please stop saying I'm a fake account! Dank je :) Same same ;) Hej då Hey Goat, I work nights and get to fool around on my computer while at work. Is that a big deal? You're from Belgium, it's 3AM there too. Why are you awake? I did, and you kept ignoring them. And again. I'm not accusing anyone of anything, re-read my posts. Just pointing to the fact there's really a lot of strange coincidences here (like 2/3 of new profiles for your project like someone else mentioned). It's almost kind of ironic for a game about Sherlock :) Umm what lol @Goat I'm a real person... I wish Kickstarter had an ignore option. So it's now 3AM in Sweden and Brooklin (swedish name) checks the status of the kicsktarter where he backed for 150$, which Sam eagerly answers. You know, if I was really paranoid, I'd say Brooklin and Rita are also profiles created not long ago, that suddenly backed a second project right after we accused of backing only yours, and that pop up in the conversation to do some damage control so you can answer them and bury my posts. But I'm not paranoid, and like Holmes I only deal with facts, so I will certainly not claim you are currently panicking and switched to damage control mode. And I'm sure Brooklin is a legit Swede who backed 150$ for your game. I kind of agree with @Rita, it's tough to get a good idea of what characters would look like and what a standard screen would look like in some of the art styles. Anyway, the first drawing there is really awesome, the one of the waterfall/pond. It reminds me of some of the later Kings Quest games (I played mostly Kings Quest VII) (that is, art sample #3 and #4 in the most recent project update) Thanks Sam! Some of that art is done by the same guy, yeah? Like the characters in #3 and #4 are drawn by the same person? I got really into adventure games when I went to Germany for a year. Just wanted to voice my support! Game sounds cool, always been a big Sherlock fan. What's the timeline going to be for when backers that chose Orichalchum Detector perk get their beta version of the game? Super excited! Hey @Sam, how do we vote on the different art styles? Do you guys have a Survey Monkey going on like with the voice actors thing? I hate to side with the conspiracy theorist, but a simple count of the backer profiles shows ~ 470 accounts specifically created to back this project. That means over 2/3 new backers to this project, which seems really off. And I answered how you actually help with none of my concerns (the obvious fake profiles of SOME of the backers and the numbers not adding up) and continue posting unrelated stuff. Those stats aren't proving the profiles are real in any way. I see. Ok, thanks Sam. My daughter and I have watched Sherlock, but some of the episodes were really too scary for her. She really likes Sherlock Hound, and was excited to hear he may be in the game! Eden, your account isn't suspicious at all. But hundreds are. Seriously, you guys should just check the backer section, especially the ones at the bottom, and see if I'm really a crackpot here. The more you deny the obvious, the less credible your comments are. Also, for anyone who isn't into math; $50k / 680 backers that an average of $73 per backer. Anyone here who pledged above that amount should make themselves known. We should normally at least get a few (if not half) of the people here. I joined Kickstarter a month ago. I backed them because I liked the pitch video. I have a raccoon as a picture because that's what I want. I don't see why that should discount me? Yes Sam, I'm probably stretching, just like when I say it's suspicious you have hundreds of backers with alphabetical profiles created less than a month ago, with sometimes stolen pictures from famous people as avatar, who never backed any project on here but yours. I'm really stretching here. Whatever. Good luck to you. I'm all for indie gaming (I backed a few games here and elsewhere), and I LOVE classic point and clicks, but I'm not a big fan of hypocrisy and scamming other people's money. I wish you to succeed and that OUYA will never question the origin of your pledges so far. I've been saying it for some time now, KS really needs an ignore function. @Goat I haven't been entirely sold on this project, personally, but I can confirm they've been quite active in the comments. We just need Jason over here to claim it's aliens, and we'll have a full suite of crackpot theories. Goat... I'm sorry? Are you claiming something about me? What do you expect the game to be rated? Is it something our kids could play? Sam, it's really funny that you only post here once in a while, but then I make a claim that there's a credibility problem with a lot of your backers that anyone can check easily, and suddenly you post a lot of responses. Almost like you try to bury this by ignoring my claim that is rather serious. Rest assured, I too have other communication channels than this site and I'm not the only one to share these suspicions ;) Thanks for clarifying, Sam. Sorry for the string of questions, but since I've caught you - are you looking to use the Ouya touchpad at all? thanks for answering, would be great to see where you are planning to increase the story, in which stretch goals. WE DID IT! great stuff! How long will the game be? Will the game play be longer the more money you get in? Great to hear that you got your goal, whats your plan now? Can I win a console? Who pays for the shipping? "If you look at his comment history, he's accused several successful projects of the exact same thing." Actually, only two including this one. And time will tell who was right (you were a backer of the other project and defended it too, so I understand why you would accuse me of "stirring up conspiracy theories" when anyone with a critical mind can check my claim for themselves and see this project too is backed by fake profiles). I have to say many people saw the potential for scam in this OUYA game backing campaign. We just assume no one would have the balls to pull it off given the risks (the risk is having to pay the kickstarter fees and OUYA refusing to back the project). How mature? The video said that Sherlock lost his memory, does that play a major role? I feel like it'd be a bit disappointing without his character. Even if Watson is the main character, part of the appeal has always been their dynamic. Ok... but is that including or excluding cutscenes? Sam, just ignore Goat. He only pledges projects on Kickstarter so he can get into the comments section and stir up conspiracy theories. If you look at his comment history, he's accused several successful projects of the exact same thing. Hey guys! I'm really happy you got funded. Now that we're at this point, I'd like to know more about the story. You guys said it took place in the books universe, but can we get some more information? Will it be silly like Monkey Island, or more like Full Throttle, being sort of serious? Thanks! I'm really excited about this! Question about the story: How long is it going to be? And to however the mysterious backer who is funding all those "free the games" kikstarters; pay more attention to details. The devil is hiding in them. Elementary, dear Watson ;) "I would like to put out an open call for the folks in the image to reach" It's not just the ones in the picture. There's like hundreds of them. I feel like this is a sensible subject so I won't bother you anymore with this. Just know that your answers (or lack of) did not help to remove the suspicions I had... Sincerely. To be clear, I'm not accusing you of anything. I'm just finding this suspicious, as any investigation lover would ;) If you have nothing to do with these profiles, it means there's a mysterious donator out there who really wants to see your game funded and exclusive on the OUYA. Who knows who could it be? Maybe it's even Julie herself! "Also, I just randomly checked opened the profiles of 10 people who have backed the project and 7 of the 10 are several project backers. Could you please elaborate on that as well?" Just check again. Especially the last supporters. Maybe my eyes are playing trick on me... <url>"Good luck, we're all counting on you" Congratulations, Victory Square Games! On to those stretch goals! I told you... Get to 666 and the rest Will come naturately ;) congrats folks ;) stretchgoals ahoy! two more backers and we got Satan on our side. Lets go for it! I have tweeted about 10 different gaming sites and reviewers to get some support. We should all do the same and let's get this funded! :) Wow! Close to the finish line now! Great to see. To quote some movie I once watched......"Stay on target" Can't wait to see some more adventure games become popular... Getting some on the ouya, too? Even better. Art style is neat, would be good to see some new screenshots or something soon. Dang, only a thousand bucks left and 18 days to go! Haha, Sherlock Holmes is awesome, Watson's even better ! Getting close, pretty cool! Aw yeah, something to play on my Ouya other than an emulator! Woah, just realized the perk names lol! One backer got the worlds largest ball of twine?? Saw this on Rock Paper Shotgun the other day, looks promising! Love adventure games, I spent so much time playing Psychonauts. Big fan of the concept, can't wait to see the release on PC Dablue! Good to see you here. @Dablue: I was wondering whether / when you'd show up... ;) Welcome! /wave ,howdy people Nice to see that this will be 100% funded! Gratulations from my side for that! The question now is, how much further will and can this go? Personally I would love to see the $125k stretch goal come true! Voices gives a game just so much more atmosphere.. Still: good luck! I have a feeling this is going to be awesome! :) I really hope this project makes it. I love the premise, and am happy to support a local company. In which part of town is your studio in? Looking forward to beta testing. Cheers! Definitely glad to be a backer now. Looking forward to seeing what you do to bring Irene Adler back from America and how Mycroft fits into this game. @Jito: I feel you. I've got a lot of money tied up in both Sword 'N' Board (which I really hope makes it) and Ponyfinder, and a little bit in Project Phoenix, Steel & Steam, and Shades of Sanity. So, I've got a lot going on right now. Still, I figured $15 won't break me. @Serena I considered that, too, but I've already got a large pledge in on Project Phoenix, so I think I'll hold off for now. @Bob I get it, I really do. However, as I'm unfamiliar with your work, and porting from console as the baseline isn't always done well (even with major developers), I'll wait until it arrives for the PC. If you can provide some insight into any improvements that may be made when porting to the PC, I may reconsider. I do wish you luck, either way. Before I noticed the delay, your intro video had me ready to pledge. Thanks a ton Serena for all your hard work in spreading the message! I'd say you can't stop the signal, but that wouldn't really make a lot of sense, and then Joss Whedon would come beat me up. Again. Why do you want to see him whip me more. :( I don't deserve it! No! Sam! Put it down! Hey Jito. It was a really tough decision for us to delay the release for six months. The Oya Free the Games Fund though means that we'll have a LOT more money to work with, which means we can deliver a game with great quality and scope. Let's say we just make our funding, at $50,000. That means we now have $100,000 to work with. We can add in a lot of things to that. Maybe I can even bribe Sam to let me put in that section where Holmes gets turned into a large talking dog again... We realize it sucks for those without an Ouya. I can tell you we're massively committed to the project, and while we can only tell you in words that the six months will be worth the wait, trust me, the six months will be worth the wait! @Jito: I almost didn't back for the same reasons, but I figured that I can wait an extra six months for the game. So I'm in for $15, but most likely not more. I backed for $1 to keep up on updates, but I have to say I'm disappointed this will be delayed coming to the PC. I get the reason, and can understand it even, but I'll wait for it to actually come to the PC before I put any money toward it. Until I saw that, I was ready to back. Just thought you might want a perspective from someone choosing not to back you, as to why not. Welcome new backers. Tell your friends, neighbors and assorted cousins about your wise and noble pledge and encourage them to join you! Wouldn't it be nice to be discussing stretch goals here next week? Mid campaign slump? We don't need no stinking mid campaign slump? - with apologies to B. Traven Thank you MagicalTux! Less than 6K to go. I agree with @Chris, lets go get some stretch goals! Whattttttttt this went up 10g since I looked at it a few hours ago. I smell some stretch goals! Just spotted the Rock, Paper, Shotgun article from this morning. <url>#chart-daily I actually hit all of the major Sierra-related project forums. Except for Hero-U and Himalaya Studios. You got those. I saw your post on the Pinkerton Road forums, Serena! I figured that Jane Jensen fans might like to back another mystery adventure point-and-click, too. <url>~! I want to see some more whip marks! There's a few forums I frequent that haven't had this posted, yet. great job guys, let's get this game funded! @Riya: I bet it's already been done. Adding hentai into a point and click adventure would definitely be....interesting. @Dean: Best kind of purple tentacle. Well, except for the kind you find in hentai. ;) @Serena -- I wouldn't mess with a *real* purple tentacle. He's likely to go mad with power and enslave all humanity! Seriously, though, it is tempting to go in for a tier to get myself in yet another game. I'll admit that I'm tempted to go in for a purple tentacle. Not the tier, mind you. An actual honest-to-god purple tentacle. :P And another note about EMDH in the Double Fine forums. I bet a lot of the Broken Age backers would find this game interesting, too. <url>"Purple Tentacle" Tier? Thiis looks amazing and i love the idea of trumping Holmes. :D As i seem to be one of the few backers who actually owns an OUYA i thought i'd best comment here. It has it's issues yes (2nd rate controller being the only real problem imo) but other than that for £100 it's a steal! Great idea from them to do this free the games thing too as we get to see awesome game ideas like this get released to the public - if that doesn't at least earn them a little respect from the gaming community i don't know what will! @ Serena Nelson - Thanks a ton! We always appreciate it when people help us on our little ol project. @ Riggo and BigD - Controllers... urgh. I know there are some games (Platformers, Meat Boy, and such), which I can use controllers for, but any game that requires some form of aiming I am just awful at. I used to be a world class (in my mind) Unreal Tournament player, but stick a controller in my hands and I can't hit the moon. If I was standing on it. @Riggo: Yup. Couldn't agree more. Despite all that, I'm willing to wait the extra time to see this game as I think you and I have to live to about 130 to play all these games we've backed anyways! @BigD... 3D and multi-directional controllers are not meant for some people... We may be some people... Give me 2D side scrolling any day! @Riggo: Wow. That is something. I had an early controller for my PC but I hated the thing and went back to the keyboard! My kids use the XBOX controller like they were born with it. I tried playing QUAKE on the miserable thing and it wasn't pretty. Not that pretty and me are 2 thoughts most people would have at the same time. @BigD... Just got here, so you are as sharp as ever! I did see an OUYA in Stacy's hands, so they do exist... No kidding!!! @Riggo: How the heck did I miss your arrival? Now, I feel like a (conjoined) boob. On an almost serious note, do OUYA's actually exist in the hands of John and Jane Q. Public? I've never seen one but that doesn't mean much. I'm holding out for another 6 months for PCs, Androids, that sort of thing. I'm not saying I'm old fashioned but my first work computer was an IBM 5110 so I might be behind the times. Yea no Ouya here, but GameStick yes. Although I was pondering the purchase of a Ouya. We will see. $99 isn't too bad A random sampling of the backers here shows that no one backed the OUYA, but free money is good. If Julie's exclusive can get me a better game, I am all for it!! Like Serena, I am not sure you are actually getting anything other than double your money by doing the Julie exclusive, but more power to you! Story is everything, and this game seems to have it, in spades! I'm in like Flynn!! Or something along those lines..... @Serena: BLOOD COFFEE!!!! wow, was in here a few days ago and was thinking to back it up, I'm and I can see you are fast getting closer to your goal! =) great to see My Dear Watson with team, can't wait to play this! @Sam: I'm sure Bob appreciates the sacrifice. :P This has already been posted at the KickstartVentures site, but hasn't made the games list yet. I'll make sure to add it as soon as I can. Just wanted to say that was a very entertaining pitch video, definitely looking forward to that kind of whimsical storytelling in the game! Keep up the good work! Okay. I'm not a fan of the Ouya exclusivity, but after getting things cleared up over at the Hero-U forums I'm in for the game. Lol Reuel. @ Reuel Barnes, I believe that Canada can make amazing games! just wait and see Didn't know Canadians could make game... this could be really interesting, good luck guys I heard a lot about projects just running away with the money, I really like this idea and please make this happen for us! Cool! Will you guys get it to X-box? @ Abidan - Like most online digital distribution, we'll be offering codes. @ aditya dubey - The game will take place during the Victorian era, the classical Conan Doyle setting. @ Mary Pearson - Right now the writing team consists entirely of myself. Eventually well add probably one more person to help with the process. Having someone to bounce ideas off of is always fantastic! @ Raquel Davis - You'll need to ask Sam that one! What's your strategy for distribution? How will we get our copies for Ouya? I really like the art! When will we see footage or screenshots? The Ouya, huh? Did they even ship out their consoles? Loved the Monkey's Island and King's Quest series!! I'm a big Sherlock fan, I hope this game gets funded! Lol @Armida Ortis. But yeah, what era will it be based in? Like, what year? After all the official Sir Arthur Conan Doyle books? Is this going to be more like RDJ's sherlock, the TV show sherlock, or Sherlock Holmes in the 22nd Century? Big adventure game fan, really hope this works out! Will it be still images or animated or what? Way to go, can't wait to see this project come out! Never heard of the Ouya though lol I just dropped a note into the Hero-U forums about Elementary, My Dear Holmes! <url>"it wasn't feasible for it to take place during an opera, where this a massive firefight going on and Alien space invaders are attacking at the same time." I was very sad. Re: Jens Gordon question - I'd also like to ask, you going to be on Steam or at least Greenlight? i could get behind a game like this, but double fine has a ton of experience, and they couldn't even ship on time. Where are you guys based? You guys gonna do more video updates? 111th comment! What else has Victory Square Games produced? Just weird apps for the UN? lol Well it looks like you're going to make your goal. Still got 24 days! Funny video! You gonna release frequent updates about the game? I really like this whole recent surge in popularity for point and click games! Definitely another project I can get behind. Eh, looks pretty good. You gonna release on steam? Alright! I'm a big fan of the Sherlock series, and think that a fun game like this could really be a lot of fun. I have a question (don't know if it's been asked yet): Why do you need shipping for the soundtrack?? It's an extra $7 for something that could easily be sent online... Followed Reddit link also, this looks hilarious. Saw this on Reddit, looks good! like it. Very impressive! If you can get this out in six months that'd be super cool. Gotta get it onMac though! Is your script finished alreday? Really like the concept, Point-and-click and sherlock would go awesome together! I like the perk titles lol @ Thomas Zilling - Thanks for the comment Thomas! The reason we charge shipping is that many projects that don't charge shipping end up losing a LOT of their funding and donations to having to ship items. While 7$ for the individual user may not seem like much, when it's 7 times a thousand, or ten thousand, it eats into the budget a lot. We're going to take the money saved on shipping and make sure the product we create is that much better. That said, we realized that we screwed up on the shipping costs for the 50$ tier. Mea culpa. We're going to be removing shipping costs from the $50 and $65 tiers.Only the $85 dollar tiers and up will need to pay shipping. Physical stuff is always more expensive, doubly so for international. Unfortunately for me, I like physical stuff, and my empty wallet shows just how much! Maybe the Project Creators would be willing to add an all digital tier which includes digital soundtrack for you and others who want it? @Bob Edwards and @Sam Chandola - I see things the same way as Japheth Crawford. For me you charge $25 plus 7 for shipping just for a soundtrack. The first tier with the soundtrack is the $50 tier which says $7 for shipping outside the US and includes the tier below. The tier below is the $25 tier has no shipping cost. For me this means it is all digital. So the only difference between the $25 tier and the $50 tier is the soundtrack. And btw asking $25 for a soundtrack while you only ask $15 for the game itself do you think this is the right pricing? The soundtrack is more worth than the game itself plus, seriously? Dropping in long enough to congratulate you on getting to 20K! wow $20k ($20,099 to be exact). Looking good over here... oh and the figures look good too... or should I just say those are some nice figures?!?! bah! To make matters worse, pretty sure I JUST missed a Larry salute. ;-) @Sam I enjoyed that pitch video, thought it came across particularly well. Nice to see you guys had some fun with it. Looking forward to learning a bit more about this project. Was just Googling the bit from Dying Detective about eating oysters (so I could quote it accurately), and this happened to come up. Looks like fun! @ Micah St-Pierre - We don't have an ETA for game footage yet. We'll have something in an update soon though! @ Kaiya Wright - Old Man #2 was a complex and deep character to write. The way he orders a drink at the bar and his casual background chatter.... it will leave you in tears. @ Japheth Crawford - That tier with the soundtrack also comes with items from the previous tier, which contain physical media items. Love adventure games, hope this gets out to a bunch of consoles. Nice, $19,000! Beginning or end of March 2013? Any idea on when we'll see some footage? I really can't wait to interact with Old Man #2. Looks very fun! Any big voice actors? The art looks cool! Lol maybe I'll actually have a use for my Ouya! Haha, like the idea. Sherlock has amnesia or something? I hope this game is at least as interesting and funny as the video and the bio info on the front page. Ha ha. Always be nice to your writers! ;) The Ouya double down deal means double the money for this game. It'll mean a better game, so I don't mind waiting 6 extra months to play. Most KS's go waaay over that anyway. PS. I discovered this game through a comment made by @Dean over on the Alum project. It's in its final 21 hours. If you like indie point and click stuff, check it out. I too will have to wait for the Android version. However, the premise is very cool and I figure it is worth the wait! Anxiously awaiting the Android release. I love adventure games. The genre needs more titles, like this one! Brent Spiner voice over would be awesome! Psychonauts is a great game. This could be too. Agree with previous poster! Hope your ship date is accurate... Never played any of the old adventure games but I played a lot of Psychonauts This reminds me of LA Noire Why do you need a shipping charge for just a soundtrack? Won't you just send a digital copy? You should have Brent Spinner voice Sherlock lol Is it gonna be 1st or 3rd person? Oldschool adventure games were the best lol I love the Sherlock Holmes series, can't wait to play this. Art looks good! I /like that post too. Lol Like! Time to get talkin to Game Stick :-) Lookin' good, guys. Watson's a badass. He's a surgeon and soldier and kicks f'en butt lol I like the art a lot. I'm a fan. Love it. Watson trumping Sherlock sounds good to me! I'll name mine "Sandwich Butzz". I don't care if it's okay or not. I'm gonna name my character "Butzz Sandwich". Is that okay? How much will the game be sold for? Like on the Ouya and windows or whatever Yeah @Ranen Price got it right pledging 85 dollars is STACKED Haha, I get digitized into the game?? AND a physical poster of all the characters? LOL love the idea, you guys are doing so well! I'm not to cool with the Ouya Idea ... I am a game stick baker though. So you should make it Ouya / Gamestick. Also looking forward to iOS as well. This user's account has been deleted. I'd exchange my item for a Rubber-Chicken-with-a-Pulley-in-the-Middle. Great game btw. And hey, where's the "Rubber-Chicken-with-a-Pulley-in-the-Middle" tier? More awesome adventure games to fund on Kickstarter! I love how crowd funding is reviving genres of games we haven't seen much of recently. Count me in! Going to hold you to that, Bob! Thanks Joseph! We know it's a lot to ask, but the six month wait means we'll be able to double our funds and deliver an amazing product. Not enough adventure games out there, so i'm backing this. I don't have an OUYA so i don't like the 6 months extra wait, but hey if they double your funds who am i to complain. Looking forward to the gameplay footage. This could be a very amazing game. Also, I thought Largest Ball of Twine was in Minnesota! To answer some questions! @François Gagnon - The World's Largest Ball of Twice is from Sam and Max Hit the Road. @Yoninah Gutierrez - It would work that we would give you a small portion of the script, and you would need to record it yourself, and send us the files. You would need to have very good recording hardware if you wanted to purchase this option. We can promise anywhere between 15-20 lines or so. never played an adventure game before but I liked the sherlock movies LOL! The game sounds good, but Ouya exclusive for six months... ? What is worlds largest ball of twine a reference to? Woah, how would the "be a voice in the game" perk work? Sounds good, I love getting in on all these new adventure games. Cool video! lol purple tentacle, awesome! Yeah Gustav but they're only like two days in Well you're only at $500 so far, and $50000 is a lot of money... I don't get it, how much do you need to port to Mac and iOS? No gameplay footage? Too bad, but the art looks good. Is that voice over stuff final? seems cool I can answer that, Ocelot. Games that reference drugs, alcohol and tobacco are usually rated 12+, whereas games that focus on them are rated 17+. We have to be a bit mindful of our audience as we do want everyone 12+ to be able to play the game. Having said that, Holmes and his excessive tobacco and cocaine habits are a quintessential part of the Sherlock Holmes universe, and we do want to build upon that and pay homage to it. Will the game directly focus on Holmes and his drug use? Probably not. This game is more about John Watson trying his absolute best to best Sherlock Holmes. Will the game have a disgruntled Watson annoyingly muttering about how Sherlock is a bumbling idiot who will die because of his substance abuse, thus clearing the path for Watson for fame and glory? You betcha! ;-) This user's account has been deleted. Interesting, can't wait to see what you guys are going to do with this, make it count! I'm counting on you guys to make this as a great game great video and I can't wait to see how everything turns out Great art! can't wait to see how everything turns out! I agree with Zisel Lane, go Watson! Watson, show them what you are made off! A Vancouver Based company making a 2D point and click adventure game? Sign me up! I still remember Sam & Max back in the days! Can't wait to play this! Can't wait to get my hands on a great Point and Click adventure game Cool concept! Glad it's on windows by default, even if you have to wait 6 months lol I like that the names of the perks are references to old adventure games Hey! I played the newer Sam & Max games and a lot of other telltale games, and a new game that plays like the old ones could be super cool! Watson as the lead in a Sherlock game will be cool, I hope you make your funding. The Ouya has it's merits, and I think this Free The Games initiative thing is pretty cool. Finally get someone making games for it lol I'm a HUGE adventure game fan, can't wait to see some footage! I've read all the Sherlock books, I LOVE THEM! Thanks, Sam, for all the answers! Can´t await to see some footage. Because - to be honest - I´ve two concerns about the OUYA exclusive thing. First is about the feebleness of the console itself (CPU power, RAM, graphic etc). Second is about the concole controls. There are too many (!) bad examples of ports of console games. Would be great if this could be part of the FAQ or even of an later update: How will the PC/ Mac versions differentiate from the OUYA (and iOS) version? Because I doubt that there are 3333 OUYA users out there who are donating 15 bucks ;-)) The majority of OUYA user doesn´t pay for games ;-) Hey! :-) I am a big fan of adventure games, and I really liked your video! Max is really cute. How long before we get to see some game footage? Hey everyone. My name's Bob, and I'm the Writer on the project. I'll also be happy to answer any questions you may have about the game! Understand your OUYA thing but it sucks for non-OUYA users. This console is casual to the core. It´s in my eyes no platform for serious games. But due to this all other platforms (PC and stuff) have to wait +6. If there is a delay in the development it´s always +6 for the rest. And I guess 85% or more of your potential backers don´t have an OUYA at home. Good luck with your campaign. Liked the pitch video. Too bad that you have no game footage to show right now. And you talked a lot about the glory of the old school games. So why aren’t you offering an old school big box game as physical reward? It´s a must have in my eyes ;-) Hmmm, single-handedly doubling the number of backers of a project is no small feat; this is clearly a glorious day. Evening. Whatever. I certainly hope this succeeds! :)