@Jonathan We are definitely going ahead with the project. The copter has enormous potential and is very powerful. Please sign up at <url>"good blog". If someone wants to source their own parts and put together their own drone there are resources out there for them to do that. Our intention is to provide a kit so that someone can just buy it in one place and put it together and have it work. Help and support will be more useful when it is based on known and inspected parts rather than what someone "bought on the web" (Kind of like Macs that use a standardized hardware model rather than Windows which tries to work with everything under the sun) Our product is for people who want to USE the drone more than they want the experience of building, tweaking etc. There are many people who would prefer to pay a little more and have the security of known hardware and support rather than spend lots of time sourcing parts and trying to figure out how to put it together with no instructions or warranty. You may not be one of those people... and that's ok. We appreciate the contribution you did make. :) @Eric The devil's in the details - that kit would be very bad for AP (and frightening). Very underpowered. The 12a ESCs alone should have tipped you off. Running at full capacity you may get a few lbs of thrust, but nobody should ever run an ESC at capacity. There's a reason eye3 uses high quality 50a ESCs paired with high quality 350w motors. To boot, your (spam link?) kit is not that cheap - and where's the rest of the stuff? With eye3, you have nothing else to buy, no-questions-asked parts warranty, extremely detailed guides in English, aftercare and an excellent product from people who actually care about this stuff. Cheers :) @Dan, You could fly it with only 4 channels but you couldn't switch modes, control the cam, gimbal etc. I'd use 6ch at the minimum, and THANKS BIGTIME!!! @Charles Tx = transmitter and RX = receiver and yep that's the 'remote control radio system'. TxRx is the common terminology in RC, but I'll make a FAQ update to clarify. Thank you!! Thanks for finding that Nick... The silence is deafening Kellie. Well... turns out I was wrong. Care to comment on this? <url>"exporting" and therefore illegal. Maybe you should re-start this project on indiegogo. Though you would need to tell them why (exactly) kickstarter canceled it. Failing that, if you don't have anyone else to do it, I can set up a wordpress site for you, to blog / collect donations etc. I'm here <url>"this project succeeded despite being banned by kickstarter, and outside the aegis of an established crowd-funding site". @Kellie: I have signed up at <url>"can't fly a drone if you're making money from it" law. Or it could be an innocent mistake. I don't think we live in The Age of Innocent Mistakes though. I think we live in the age of craven, reprehensible corporate-cowardice... and authoritarian over-reach. So that's my guess. re: the continued project... I'm happy to submit a donation up front, sans-escrow. @Kellie: Thanks for the response. I am interested in purchasing a multi-copter for videography, FPV and drone software at a working man’s cost (Not Dragonfly). Can you or someone please direct me where I can purchase it? I am ready to buy now but can wait a bit if necessary. I was in the process of purchasing one from a guy who’s building them in Louisville, KY (XAircraft USA) but then I stumbled on your eye3 site. There is nothing definite about ordering stuff on the internet =) Kickstarter itself is legit and I am sure the don't let just anyone come here and scam people out of their money. @Justin: Thanks for the info. I'm obviously new to Kickstarter. So if someone pledges $2,500 to Kellie's Eye3 project, they will definitely get a drone package delivered? No. You don't get charged until the "Days to go" reaches 0. Just curious...for those who gave a substantial amount...do they just lose their money? Ugh, just noticed the lack of BCC. Real professional. Canceled, AND they didn't BCC on the notification email so we're going to get spammed I'm sure Why was funding cancelled? So what happened? @Jonathan: No it is actually the opposite. It is currently illegal to operate any unmanned RC aircraft commercially no matter how small or how low you fly. Commercial use is banned in the national airspace (0 feet to 90,000 feet). It is super lame because the FAA has no distinction between a toy and a fully autonomous predator like drone. The new rules to ALLOW commercial use of small UAVs like this one wont be in effect until another 2 years (roughly). This excludes doing it as a hobby. @Justin: So you’re saying there is no use in buying these because in 2 years they will be illegal (the drone aspect of it) otherwise a hexicopter with FPV and live video recording will be legal? I’m interested in purchasing a multi-rotor copter for videography but I don’t want to spend all that money and in 2 years it will be illegal to fly on. Thanks. I love the idea of you taking the role of a system integrator to take the complication of part selection, assembly, and programming out of it! For those looking for a "Mac" like item, good luck. You will never find such a thing in high-end RC. Tinkering and tuning is a must. The work Kellie and her husband are doing is as good as you will find. One thing to note is that for at least 2 years, you will ONLY be able to do this as a hobby. I have been in talks with the FAA and as of yesterday here is the timeline we are looking at for this to no longer be illegal commercially. This is the most recent email from the head of the UAV office at the FAA. The reference to NPRM stands for Notice of Proposed Rule-Making. The FAA is looking to publish the small UAV NPRM in March or April of this year. On top of the timeline laid out below, we still don't know what the rules are actually going to be. There are rumors that they will go the way Australia has gone and require a full blown pilot's license to operate what is essentially a toy in a commercial capacity. 1. Typically how long does it take for a NPRM item to actually become effective? Any rough estimate based on historical reference would be great since anyone in this field is effectively grounded until this happens. A. The FAA is very motivated to issue a final rule as soon as possible. However, depending on the number and scope of comments received, the FAA could take up to 16 months from the date of the close of the public comment period to publish a final rule (it has been suggested by some industry representatives that the FAA should expect tens of thousands of comments). That being said, 16 months is the maximum allowed by Title 49 of the United Stated Code section 106 paragraph f (3). When the FAA develops the final rule language, it must also go through a review by the Office of the U.S. Secretary of Transportation then afterwards by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget, with each office having up to 90 days for its review. This does not include the time it takes for the FAA to resolve each of those office's concerns. The rulemaking process is, by law and executive order, a very deliberative process designed to help ensure that the public is not unduly burdened. 2. Is there any talk of implementing some kind of interim leniency or waiver we can obtain in order for businesses to not be shut down or operating illegally? A. At this time there are no plans to provide authorizations or waivers for other than those already being allowed. Please pardon me for being a newbie, but I have been watching this site and reading these threads for a while now. I am very interested in this project, ready to purchase an eye3 for videography. However, I can’t just drop $2,500 without having some receipt or proof that I will get the drone. Living in NC, I am willing to drive to Asheville to satisfy this is not a scam, get training, etc. Also, is it possible to buy the drone RTF? Please advise. Thanks in advance! Thanks Kellie. I agree that making an open source project more popular is indeed contributing to it's development. Kellie Sigler, It is great to see you responding to folks' inquiries here in a timely manner as it helps build confidence in this project. Are you folks planning on putting some video of an eye3 example online prior to Feb. 23rd? It does strike one as a bit odd to not see solid evidence of at least one working prototype eye3 here on the project. A video highlighting the key capabilities of a fully functional eye3 machine would be ideal. Thank you, -Scott Kellie/Grayson, do you contribute to the arducopter project? @Eric. I have never met Kellie or her family personally. I have E-mailed them from time to time and know of them through facebook (we are friends on facebook). I learned of the sigler's years ago when I stumbled across their DIY projector stuff, probably through a link on slashdot or digg or some tech-geek site . I had considered making one (of the projectors), but not being much a of a TV/couch potato I passed it up. I do have an open order for one of their CNC bots, which i know are temporarily delayed (that's fine, I can live with that, as I know it'll be top notch when it arrives), and I am a contributor on the forums (I like to think of myself as the voice of reason when needed), as CNC stuff is something I've wanted to learn and the ability to do some home machining without a gigantic and expensive machine shop is appealing, esp since I don't have ready access to shop space. I am a contributor to this project because I frankly think it's cool as hell, and I've been wanting to dive into the field of drone's, RC flight and photography. I'm an aviation buff and regularly volunteer at a nearby aviation museum (<url>"Mac") model or even a Dell model. This is the local computer store kit which isn't user friendly and requires normal people to know a geek for even the basic. My request is that you reconsider and offer a solution which doesn't require "basic soldering skills". Really exciting project. Good luck! I see their product as a way to lower the barrier of entry to those who may not have the time, expertise and energy to learn it all from the ground up. @Eric, the kits you mention are underpowered. The average joe would have no idea that hte ESC's are being run at their limit and frankly would be upset and pissed when the unit's ESC's went up in flames and the bot fell out of the sky (not to mention any other collateral damage). What Kellie and 'crew have done is done all the hard work FOR YOU, learned what works, what doesn't and distilled down all the technobabble into something usable by the non-drone expert. Thus they overengineered the unit to be in a class of its own, utilizing the best of breed of what's available, and packaging it together, and providing all the needed components to offer a turnkey solution. That has costs to it, and support/warrantee, etc are all tangible costs that need to be considered. Everyone has a right to try and make money, and if they have a "Good Product" people will value that, and line up for them, as frankly many people don't have the time to do all the learning, experimentation, from the ground up (I know I don't which is why i contributed to this idea), they just want to spend a bit more for something already debugged and proven up front, in order to get going fast. @Kellie Thank you for your response! It's normal practice for individuals to offer the detailed sourcing and assembly information on a website like instructables or youtube, and not start a Kickstarter technology project. In my opinion it appears underhanded to mention that you and your husband have been working to perfect drones and then offer a kit, which requires assembly, and is based on parts available on the web. I'm not trying to spam your project page, I just question if that what you are offering is in the spirit of a good Kickstarter project, where money is being raised to build a business or a support a cause that couldn't be replaced by a good blog. These comments are troubling: <url>"requirements" in the DIY kits, things like spares, batteries, etc.... 2. They offer a warranty, which has a tangible cost they need to budget to absorb. 3. They provide SUPPORT, which has a tangible cost asociated with it (staff, time, infrastructure). 4. Compared to other drone's the motors/ESC's they use are over -engineered/over-spec'd, and thus cost more, but with the added advantage that they work better, last longer, and will be a lot less likely to fail at the worst time, than something using barely able parts running at or beyond design limits. 5. People fail to take into account the intangibles (shipping/support/warantee overhead) when just comparing parts on some discount shop online who isn't likely to provide ANY support or direct warranty (they'll just say to "Not my problem, call the manufacturer, and good luck if they speak english" or, "Too bad so sad") Lots of budget shops are forced into this path which in the long run sucks from a customer's perspective. 6. You have to be able to make a little profit so you can keep on engineering for the future as well, otherwise how is someone supposed to get an idea off the ground (pun intended) and self sustaining?