That's not my view, it's what Kickstarter is based on - the "What Is Kickstarter?" link at the bottom of the page has more information about the Kickstarter platform and its philosophy. The purpose of the campaign was to grow the business and that's what we've done with the move to the new workspace and the new better equipment your pledges paid for, with bumps along the road. I'm working to fulfill all perks and they will be fulfilled when all is said and done, it's just simple math that the business is what allows the perks to be fulfilled. If I don't keep the business running, that means there's no income and that leads to things like rent not being paid - meaning no place for yarn to be produced. It's impossible to have one without the other. I'll be sending out an update again when I finish this week's big production run. I want to reiterate something from my last one, though. I will continue to stock my shop and run my business and that will always and MUST always take precedence over everything else including Kickstarter rewards. If I do not stock my shop, I do not have a business, and that means FibroFibers ceases to exist which means there's nobody to fulfill your perks. The shop running facilitates fulfillment of rewards. I don't know how to make that any more clear. The other thing I want to address is that Kickstarter rewards are not preorders. Kickstarter is not a shopping platform. Kickstarter is a way for people to support projects they're interested in and the perks are just that - perks. Annette, please see my comment on the most recent update. There are instructions for this there. Add-on skeins are something I will be able to make available on the website after the campaign and perk-fulfillment is over, but unfortunately I can't offer them as part of the campaign. I need to keep things as streamlined as possible right now. Remember, I'm still working in my current kitchen workspace and without assistance. That won't change until after I receive the funding and can move to my new space. I'm sorry to disappoint on this, but it's necessary to make sure all of the perks get fulfilled in an orderly and timely fashion. Thanks for understanding. Cortney, yes, you may add one additional perk. Please see the FAQ for details. Lisa, each skein of Nightfall Fingering is 490yds. Things I have seen made from that: scarves, medium-size triangle shawls, and I made one very (very!) slouchy beanie. I would love to see it made into a baby sweater and I think it's enough for that, but I don't have many wee ones around so haven't had the opportunity to test that out. 490yds is enough to give you plenty of options. Lisa, thank you for asking - you're probably not the only one wondering that so I added links in the FAQs to projects & patterns done with Nightfall yarns. Carol, great idea! I'm actually working right now on some stretch-goal perks to add after we reach our funding goal (we're 90% there already, can you believe it?!) and more bags are definitely on the list. Cece- Aww, thank you! And I understand about the cat. my house panther Norm woke me at 4 because he needed a belly-rub URGENTLY. And really, who am I to deprive him? ;) Carol - You'd be amazed! We're doing spectacularly well but there have been some that went into the *millions*. The power of crowd funding is just mind-blowing. Cece, I have added a perk that includes one regular skein of your choice and a skein of the Special Edition. You're welcome to change your pledge and perk selection at any time while the campaign is live. Kahlua - Actually getting stuff moved from one place to another will obviously take some time, but I'm hoping I won't be tied up with it any more than a few weeks. It is my intent to be settled in and up to speed by the beginning of 2015 but that's assuming everything goes totally smoothly. It won't be a whole year, though. And I will be doing shop updates regularly throughout the campaign and while I'm fulfilling the perks. Fantastic, Sarah! Thanks! That kind of sharing and signal boost is extremely helpful. :) I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Another year, with still nothing, still can't believe you can steal that much money and not have any consequences,,. Good luck. Apparently she never fullfilled orders from her website either. I have NOT received my backed Products yet! I invoke ALL my rights as stated under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount before 2019. Has any one gotten anything other than the pattern book? Has there been a response for the people who filed against Jen? I'm guessing there are still no new updates.... probably never but I will keep trying I don't even want the yarn anymore. I just want Jen to admit it's never coming. Hey, new year, new comment! Where's my yarn?????? By the way, for anyone who's interested in dyeing yarn, I learned how to get the Nightfall effect: basically you wind the yarn into a loose ball (original instructions said tight but I think loose works better) & let sit in the dye pot. More details here: <url>"bleep" list. Unfortunately this is one of them. Seeing what the creator has posted as well as others, I doubt that anything is going to change soon. I didn't get the spam, but am still waiting to hear from Jen as to what happened with this Kickstarter. I've supported over 40 Kickstarter campaigns and a few on Indiegogo, and this is the only one that has been what appears to be a complete and total failure. I just wish that the creator, Jen, would update us with whatever happened. She should at least have that much respect for the people who trusted her enough to back her. I assume it is just a spam/hack thing that annoying spammers like to send. Other people seem to have gotten, it's just to remind us that we lost our money on this one :( I got an email that supposedly came from fibro fibers but if I click it, it goes to error. I have not. Who sent it? Did anyone else get a message with a link? Looks spammy so I haven't clicked yet. Well, it's now been a year since we were given an update. Happy Anaversary everybody! Davey this is where everyone sent complaint too - This is the link to the Massachusetts Attorney General complaint form: <url>#crnt&amp;panel1-1 Kickstarter just send the standard response of it has nothing to do with us it's between the creator and you, def file with people above, the more people the more likely something will happen First of all, I a going to put this out there and hopes that Jenn sees this comment. I am VERY disappointed in such a promising small business owner. I have waited long enough (as many as you have) and will be taking action with Kickstarter. I encourage every backer of this project do the same. Use this link to file your grievance. <url>"acceptable" 9% failure rate that Kickstarter claims it has. I don't get the impression Kickstarter cares much. I received no reply to my report to them. They also collected just over $2,100 in fees from this campaign. Hey Kickstarter, when are we the people (the 462 backers) going to receive justice from this scam artist? Still waiting for my refund, as are many. Guess we've all given up? I know I have, it make me so angry that she "got away" with this fraud, but I can't waste anymore of my energy on it. From the article "Social media fundraising on the rise": "Other “scampaigns” include an Iowa woman who raised thousands of dollars to pay for her healthy daughter’s “cancer treatments” or the case of Jen Hintz, who was accused of using the $26,000 raised on Kickstarter for her indie yarn-dying business, to fund her move to Massachusetts." <url>"Erik Chevalier" spent all the backers money on himself: "The US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has made its first ever ruling concerning a crowdfunding campaign, ordering the creator of a failed Kickstarter to refund his backers $112,000 (£72,290) after failing to deliver a promised board game. In May 2012, Erik Chevalier, the owner of The Forking Path, created a campaign to fund a board game called The Doom That Came to Atlantic City, which had been created by two prominent board game artists, and he offered rewards of limited edition pewter figurines to backers who pledged more than $75." <url>’t think it all came from the kickstarter. We moved almost everything ourselves and with the help of friends. I, personally, with the help of one of my friends, drove the uhaul from North Carolina. I didn’t see the need for some of Jen’s purchases. I could probably account for where some of the money went. I know she was in a constant state of working on yarn, she seemed, at least at first, intent on getting the perks out though she seemed, oddly more focused on dying yarn to stock her store. I told her that she needed to focus on perks but she didn’t listen to me. I found out the WEEK BEFORE CHRISTMAS that she was out of money. I was BOGGLED. I can’t even explain the shock and distress I felt when she told me she didn’t know if we could make rent for January. I tried to figure out where the money went and got rebuffed. At that point I was focused on getting the rent paid. January arrived and I became very ill. I was in the ER several times, eventually hospitalized, so I really didn’t know what was going on with Jen except she came in mid-January to tell me she was thinking about hurting herself and didn’t know what to do but she was talking to “someone who is helping keep her from doing anything dangerous” - I seriously considered seeing what could be done to force her to seek psychiatric help. She was dropping people in her life left and right. She was constantly on edge and was getting meaner. It was at this point I started to realize how unstable she was. In February, we had a fight after she got angry again over some ridiculous thing, I finally turned around and asked her outright, “Where did the money go?” “I spent it on equipment.” “That only accounts for a few thousand. Even if I work out rent and bills, there should be $10,000 left. Where is it?” She then told me she was kicking me out. I felt like I had helped her to raise the funds to grow her business, to move, to label and pack yarn, to spread the word about her business - I, if no one else, had the right to know where the hell the money had gone. She refused to answer. I found out the next day she called the landlord and told her I was moving out, despite my name being on the lease, and then she began an attack on me unlike any I have seen before which ended in blocking everyone who knew me, publicly trying to shame me or twist my words, was physically threatening several times - I actually called an abuse hotline and the cops once but they said if she didn’t hurt me in a way they could see, threats and posturing wasn’t enough and I should move out - and culminated with her deciding my allergies weren’t “real”. I spent all of March dealing with trying to find a way to leave. Early April, I got home from a trip to visit a friend - so I can figure out a safe way to escape from Jen - and she had left my cat locked in my bedroom for a whole week. She had gone so far as to bungee cord cardboard on the door where Zelda has been scratching to get out. I was horrified. The second day I was back, when my boyfriend was on his way to pick me up she started roasting garlic - which I do have an allergic response to - so I grabbed Zelda (my cat) and a bag of weekend clothes - and we left with my boyfriend and never went back. She was actively trying to hurt or possibly kill me to ‘prove’ she was right. After that none of my friends would let me be in the same building as her alone, so I had someone with me to pack up. Meanwhile her personal attacks became more vile and I encouraged my friends to ignore her and file for refunds. If Jen intended to scam everyone from the beginning, she fooled me too. But then she turned on me and became not just mean but actively abusive and then went private to hide it. I never have because I have found hiding from stalkers doesn’t stop them, just makes them more creative. Anyone want to repost that? I don't think I want to join another website just to talk about this project. Wow... You may want to head over to demon trolls group on Ravelry and check out one of the latest posts. You can see where the whole thing went south! this is a bummer. Lisa a ton! check out kickscammed.com anyone can just walk away, there is no governance by Kickstarter, they just provide a platform and take fees. Some are working with the Massachusetts AG to file charges. I was so excited about being a backer to this project. Not sure what happened here. Seems things spun out of control. I get that. However, I will not be participating in another Kickstarter request as a result. Projects/proposals may need to be better vetted. From what I can glean from other commenters, no one is getting useful information about the project or any recourse. At the very least, we are owed an explanation. Seems there are no consequences for disappearing with Kickstarter pledges for the project proposer or Kickstarter. Makes me wonder how many other projects end up like this? Deeply disappointed. LB Susan: I have suggested the same thing multiple times and never got a response. Hi Jen in case you are reading these comments, Why don't you break this project into smaller portions and just start delivering just 10 skiens each week. By this time next year you will be done and free of this burden. I hope she still gets pinged when we post so she can take a moment to reflect on what a terrible person she is. Kathryn, kickstarer does not care, they got paid. This is so sad, we've all been ripped off. No yarn, no updates, just silence. Kickstarter you may want to remove the staff pick button. Emilie, all we get is a canned responses that looks like it's written to us, with empty promises just a waste of time and yes I "feel" like neither Kickstarter or Jen has made a good faith effort. "In the meantime, if you feel as though this creator has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, we’d appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback Form. We'll be sure to take your experience into consideration as we evaluate the policies and procedures that we have in place." <url>’s part of their responsibilities but I see no evidence they tried. They made money of her getting funded so they owe it to us to be more active in resolving this. Even if it takes years! I also suggest, that KS label failures, I don’t think they are honest about that stat and how many projects walk away with funds. It seems a bit to easy to shake their hands and wave off any responsibility, I also believe there should be a bit of shame involved. Right now her project is still labelled an “editors pick”. It should read something like “this project failed to meet their promises” or worse language. I actually think people not fullfilling is a high percent on kickstarter but they hide it for fear of turning of backers. But there really is no consequence to the project creator. No one knows unless the backers make a stink. I will not fund again, not because I lost my money but because it’s a spit in the face to help someone achieve their dreams and they treat it as if it’s no big deal and not their fault that they stole the money. Oops sorry doesn’t cut it for me and resent kickstarter saying well too bad that’s the risk, sorry that’s a D move. Someone told me there are threats of deleting Ravelry posts and banning people being made on twitter. Because that will make things look so much better if this ends up investigated? As someone outside the US I see that my options are limited. I am astounded that Kickstarter have done nothing as well as this does go against their rules. Thank you, Mark. I filed a complaint as well. Thanks Mark, I completed the form. I also filed a dispute with my CC company (Discover) and that is moving forward. They say it takes 30 - 60 days. I don't care how long it takes! <url>#reply_form I'm all for that. I am so done. Yesterday was it for me, seeing her threaten us for stalking. Is she for real? I taught my daughter very early that when someone points a finger at you, there are 4 more pointing aback at them. She's a crook, plain and simple. I feel horrible for all of you who gave her a substantial sum. I'm only in it for $50. What is the point of posting and then immediately archiving the thread? I don't understand how she can be this far in the hole after receiving $26,000. It doesn't cost that much to move, so where did the money to? Especially when she got $11,000 above and beyond the stated goal of $15,000. I could understand a delay if something brand new was being created, but it is exactly the same stuff she has been producing for years. I am ready to file an FTC complaint at this point. She obviously did not use the funds for what she stated, and that is fraud. If she had, she would have had plenty left over to pay for supplies, as well as postage. I am sick and tired of the excuses. I'm done. Also, what about creating a closed facebook group to hash things out, since Ravelry threads keep being archived? It might be easier to keep things a little more streamlined rather than depending on the comment section here. This is what Jen posted on Ravelry (below) and what she says she will post here when she solves access issues which might be when she makes the yarn too... More BS than the last time Jen, of course people are getting angry you still haven't told us what happened to the $26,000!!! There are 3 zeros there, what the did you do with it and the perks that were already made. I'm ready for the fair trading commission if you don't write something better than that on here... Jen wrote on ravelry: The latest information is that we are still in a holding pattern. Early on many people asked why I didn’t stop updating the web shop and work solely on kickstarter perks. I explained several times why that wasn’t a good idea, won’t rehash it again here. However, I eventually had no choice but to put the shop on hiatus. The result of that is that my income is even further reduced, meaning that after I pay rent and utilities there’s nothing left for supplies. I’ve done everything possible to reduce my household/living expenses, but when you’re making just barely more than minimum wage there just isn’t much to work with and I’m still struggling just to keep my lights on. As such production is at a halt and will remain so until I can build my income to allow for the purchase of supplies. As I say every time- all perks will be fulfilled. It’s going to take a long time but it’s going to get done. When I figure out a way to begin making progress again I will post about it. The shop is on indefinite hiatus and will remain so until all kickstarter perks have been fulfilled. Before I close this I will address one more thing. On several occasions, including a couple in the last 48 hours, there have been some incidents of people behaving in a threatening manner and doing things that could be categorized as stalking. Anything that might actually violate a law will be discussed privately with law enforcement, but what I’ll say publicly is that such actions are pointless. Harassing me will not cause yarn to materialize on my doorstep or anyone else’s. Trying to scare me or make me feel bad isn’t going to make me take any action because there is no action for me to take; if there was I would be doing it already. When there is new information I will post it. I’m going to cross-post this to kickstarter as well. The more threads on Ravelry that are archived, the closer I become to being ready to submit a complaint with the FTC... I'm less excited to see her threaten law enforcement against stalkers instead of explaining how she spent the funds, especially as she apparently doesn't have enough to fulfill perks despite going 175% of her goal. She archived the forum. She said she doesn't have any money to fulfill perks because her job barely pays enough to pay the rent. So where the H- E-double hockey sticks did the 26K go???? There is never mention of that, ever. It's still up there Mark (different Lisa) the last forum was archived but this one seems to be going on since jen isn't answering/replying and she was the one who archived the old one, I signed up to Ravelery just so i could follow this as it was going to be a present for my sister. I think everyone is going to start heading to the FTC soon, I think this will work if enough people complain, it says it can't resolve individual complaints so we would need hopefully all backers to lodge a complaint. <url>’re talking serious fines as well as jail time, lots of it. You can avoid that. Talk to us. A similar case: <url>’s office and they gave me a complaint form to fill out. If you are in KY, you can pm me and I will email the form to you. If you aren’t, you can contact the Consumer Protection Branch at your Attorney General’s office for the form in your state. When I send this back, they will attempt to contact her for remediation and that doesn’t accomplish anything or she doesn’t respond, they will contact the state police. Does anyone have her previous and current addresses or at the least have the state that she was located in ( I have Concord, NC) when she initiated the Kickstarter campaign? That will be the most helpful. I know that I have a package at home somewhere that should have the return address on it if I can still find it. I used the report buttons to report this project, and just now sent of an email to Amazon Payments asking for a refund. Let them go after her for fraud... I want my money back. I supported her in good faith, let her use my money, and simply wanted consistent updates as to the status of her end of the agreement. If she can't do even a simple posting saying she's working on it, then she's broken any and all agreements that let her use my money. I just received an email from Kickstarter support saying basically that they would be making an effort to get in touch with Jen and see if something could be worked out. I strongly suggest that you each contact Kickstarter support and also file a complaint. The more that do, the more seriously they will take us. I'm sure at this point, they feel like it is an isolated incident. Emailed them. Email Amazon Payments. They seem to be willing to at least look into it. "@amazonpayments: @abbynormal_9 We're sorry to hear about this issue. Please send us an email and we'll see what we can do: <email>" I also sent a request through Customer support asking for help. I can the auto reply that they would be in touch in 1-2 days. Crystal, I'm sure you're right, but I thought MAYBE if they received a whole bunch all at once.... I reported it yesterday. Report sent... Pam, I don't think the Report this project button does much. I reported this project months ago and nothing came of it. I think that the lesson I learned here is that Kickstarter is a good way for people to take my money and give nothing in return and nothing will happen to them. Everyone, please go to the bottom of the campaign page and click on "Report this project". Make some noise that someone will hear! Wow. Somehow I had missed the comments on here, probably because I was only focusing on the updates. Until now I was frustrated, but willing to give the benefit of the doubt, but now? OH HELL NO. Perks are just perks? Are you s******g me? Those levels are backed for a reason, and it sure as hell wasn't for charity. All I want at this point is my money back. I don't want the damned yarn. I don't need that kind of juju infecting the rest of my stash. Please let us know Candi. This has moved into the ridiculous. WHERE IS MY YARN???? She's not communicating with ANYONE, she's no longer updating, and she's absconded with over $26,000 US. Who can we complain to? I would be interested to know Candi, if there were updates then I wouldn't have a problem with delays but there is nothing! I think it is possible to sue for goods not given from article that I posted below, even if I lost the money to fees I would prefer that then something that is never going to be delivered at this rate... I work for my state and I am down the street from the Attorney Generals office. I think I will go down there Thursday and see if there is any thing we can do. At the least, we will have some suggestions on what to do next or if there is anything we can do. I would like to know what happened to the 2 perks that were premade scaves/shawls, I mean they were ready before the end of the campaign surely they have gone out!! If she is really struggling then how about partial refund choice, but I'm guessing she has spent the money not on wool. I 100% believe in karma but I still can't believe from what I can tell not 1 reward has gone out, even the ones that just needed to go into an envelope and a stamp thrown on. She has no intention of fulfilling perks. I hope the gentleman that made all those bags was compensated (assuming he did, all we have is Jen's word that she received them). I have all my faith in karma now. I'm also frustrated that it's been 2 months with no update. At this point, a monthly update including progress towards meeting the kickstarter commitments are appropriate in my opinion. If Jen were willing to share that info I think most people would feel much better. Something simple like this would go along way: Level x: Items sent this month / Total items sent / total remaining to be sent I have said it repeatedly and I will say it again, I don't see any reason why she can't send a few rewards out each week and have a running tally of them. It would be a good faith move and restore alot of backer's good will. Actually, if she has no intention of fulfilling her obligations to the backers of this kickstarter because she feels they are optional things that creators can do if the creator feels like it then I can understand why she isn't willing to fulfill anybody's reward. Sigh. At this point I'm just very disappointed. Jen, please give us on Kickstarter an update. We at least deserve to have some solid numbers - Number of rewards shipped, skeins of yarn done and ready to ship, estimated ship date, etc. Please just communicate with us more than a simple "Eventually" or "I don't have concrete numbers." You may not have everything set in stone, but you at least have some numbers you could give us. A bit of honesty would really help right now. I think we can all assume she isn't writing updates because she has absolutely no intention of fulfilling the perks. My own theory is she took the money, what she didn't blow on moving she used to dye yarn for her shop, which she sold, thus making money off our backs 2x. What a creep. Another thread is open on ravelry... <url>#reply_form If you just did updates then people wouldn't get angry, they are really simple to do... makes me frustrated when people don't and could make your situation a lot worse then it is before... and some of your products were already made for the photos so at least they should have gone out. I'm not ready for this stage yet since it is only 2 months late so far but the december backers... the rules of kickstarter say - The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. And I nice story how it has successfully been done.. <url>"it's going to take time" is NOT an update. <url>"the plan" like it was infallible but won't go into detail about it or the new "plan". The situation doesn't fill me with confidence. I wonder if the perks she was talking about are the digital ones. Have any of the physical ones been delivered? Apparently so. Jen just posted this on her Ravelry group a little while ago. "People have received perks. Everyone will receive their perks eventually. I got screwed over majorly, and that killed my ability to execute my plan. I’m struggling to get things back on track, but it’s not a fast process. Believe me I wish it was because I just want this all to be over and my life to get back to normal, but that’s not happening anytime soon. It’s what I’m working towards, though. FibroFibers is essentially on hiatus while I address this backlog. I’ve taken on a second job to give me a financial boost and get things back on track faster. Items still in the shop will remain there but I won’t be restocking the shop in the foreseeable future." It'd be be nice to get some sort of update on here. Omg, she's alive! Or at least alive enough to log into kickstarter. Just checked, and her last log in was today, June 16th. Well, kickstarter itself basically acts like a middle man. After it collects it's fees it doesn't care anymore. So I guess that means either getting her investigated for fraud by some government agency of getting some sort of class action lawsuit against her going. Full disclosure--I did get a pattern. I did not get the yarn. A $30 pattern is a tad steep (and not what I signed up for). I'm curious to know what the accountability is on this, as well. So I guess this is a thing that isn't happening? I guess I should be lucky I'm not out more money than the 30 bucks I pledged back in September, 2014. Did anyone get anything? Crystal and Clarine - Those were my thoughts. It might be time to see if we can get a 3rd part involved. As I've previously stated, I have no issues with late rewards if the campaign creator is active and responds in a productive manner. It appears Jen has not posted on any of her Fibrofibers social media accounts since May, right after she posted on her. She receives notifications of all comments made on this campaign through her email (unless she has them blocked now, which is possible). I don't know how to get the FTC directly involved in investigating a campaign, but I was hoping Jen would see that this is not something to mess around with. Mark - I double checked through her FB page listings on Ravelry and the Fibrofibers site, and they both route to the same page. She just vanished on us. I can't help wonder if she got a new Facebook page just to try to avoid us. At this point I am convinced that this was a scam and her shop is also a scam. I urge anyone who hasn't reported this kickstarter to do so. So how do we get the FTC to investigate this campaign? We supported Jen way over her request, so she had more than enough money according to her plan to honor her promises. Now I can see that she has completely turned her back on us and this campaign - she doesn't even log into this site. If Kickstarter isn't going to do anything (and it looks like they are not), then perhaps a government investigation is necessary. Tania- Thank you for posting the link. I specifically logged in to do the same thing because many of us spent at least $70 on this Kickstarter and have received nothing in return. I have supported many Kickstarter projects and this is the first time I truly believe a creator is unwilling to fulfill their commitments. I am going to place this link here. The feds are beginning to go after Kickstarter creators who do not fulfill their end of the bargain. <url>"When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers." It has now been a month since the last update, and we haven't had any word of yarn being shipped out or of any progress. It has now been well over 6 months since early birds were supposed to receive their yarn, and 2 months since the yarn for non-early birds was supposed to ship. We need a solid update with solid dates. Tania: I know what she said, but according to one of the other backers Jen wasn't fulfilling website orders either. The other backer ordered off the website in January and months later still was waiting. So if she isn't fulfilling those, something she said she was concentrating on, then that bodes pretty badly for the backers of this kickstarter. @Mark I think she mentioned somewhere back in the comments that she was prioritizing the online customers over the Kickstarter customers to keep herself afloat. I'm still wondering if she even had the yarn all dyed up like she had said back in December. It should only cost 2-3 dollars per package to ship, and so far I have yet to see one person post that they have received their yarn. At this point I can't help but wonder if her website's paying customers are even a priority to her since supposedly she is focused on them more. I don't think perks or her supporters are priorities for Jen right now. She hasn't even logged into this campaign site in almost a month. @Sandra Nope. I was an early bird, and I'm still waiting. It now has been three weeks since the last update, has anyone gotten their perks? Dhana: I don't think anyone is suggesting that you don't have the right to your opinions. That said your previous post implied that you don't think we should. I am glad your latest post acknowledges we have a right to our opinions as well, but if you are going to judge our comments negatively because you don't think we are being patent enough or whatever then you shouldn't be surprised if people respond to you. This is the final Kickstarter straw for me. It's the second project that I've backed for which I don't ever expect to see the reward delivered and no accounting has been made of how funds were used. I clicked the button to report to the Kickstarter integrity team, although I suspect nothing will come of it. Christine, you most definitely have a right to your feelings as well as the right to express them. What has or has not happened is not upsetting me and I have a right to feel that way and express that as well. Dhana, I think you are missing the entire point of why people are upset. It is not because this is taking so long, although that is frustrating. Our anger is over how Jen has treated her supporters through this endeavor. We have not been a priority to her, we are merely an annoyance that she has to sweep up. She has the time to post on Facebook and Twitter, but she refuses to give us updates. She is not being an honest and trustworthy individual or business owner - that is why we are upset. If she had been open and honest through this whole process, I would imagine that the response would be much more in line with yours. Instead, she has created a host of bad feelings and burned a lot of bridges. Thank you for the update! I can imagine how you are feeling due to the negative comments you have received. Some people just are not patient, but I would say many people are. Me....I don't care if I am the last person you send yarn to from your Kickstarter program. I invested in you because I wanted to help you. Take your time and don't let the pressure get to you. She is an all around dishonest person that doesn't want the world to know about how she treats her customers. I commented on her FaceBook page under the post she made about the new Kickstarter update. It was not terribly flattering. I even took a screenshot of it because I guessed that she would delete it. She did. This just shows how little respect she has for us. To all of the first time backers: I agree with Tania. I have backed over 70 kickstarters and a vast majority of them work much better. This one is on a very short list of them that disappointed me. For those of you for who this is your first Kickstarter, please know that this is not indicative of most Kickstarters. While a high percentage of Kickstarters are late due to something coming up, most of the time the creators are very good at keeping backers in the loop and explaining what is going on and backer rewards are normally sent out within two to three months of the estimated date. There are, of course, exceptional circumstances, but again most project creators are very good at keeping in contact with their backers and giving hard facts and reasons as to why rewards are late. I have backed over 20 Kickstarters. In most cases, it's an extremely good relationship and the person running the Kickstarter understands that they are indeed responsible for fulfilling their end of the bargain - sending out rewards to the backers. The main reason why I'm so upset with this Kickstarter is that I am also a Kickstarter creator, and this campaign is angering so many people who will never consider funding another Kickstarter. What Jen is doing is reflecting very poorly upon the Kickstarter creator community as a whole, especially the lack of communication and repeatedly stating that rewards are not preorders when 99% of people back Kickstarter with the idea that they are putting in a preorder to help out someone. IndiGoGo and GoFundMe are the sites that should be used if you want to ask for charitable donations without rewards attached. Let's face it, the only reason we even GOT an update is because we've been getting pissed off and she's hearing about it. I would NOT have backed this if I had known she was moving to an entirely different state, with almost nothing secured, and an unstable employee/roommate situation. How do I get my money back? Because if I wanted to just give it away for nothing I'd give it to a homeless person, and I'd at least get a thank you. The "Cold Sheeping" incident was bad enough, but now this? Just send my money back. I could at least get one of my monthly prescriptions with it. Last week, I reached out to Jen via Twitter as we were friends. I inquired about my 2 skeins as it had almost been 8 months since I originally backed her project. Today we are met with another update -- a long list of excuses. My inquiry was met with similar verbage, as she informed me that she "is making some progress toward getting perks out but it's slow going." I ask, what is so slow about it? Like several people have mentioned, this is the SAME yarn you have sitting in your shop right now. Is it perhaps because you've spent the money on your move and realize how far of a hole you are in? What you are doing is not right there needs to be repercussions via the folks at Kickstarter. Furthermore, my comments were deleted on social media and I have been blocked. Is this good business? Her reply: "I do not use social media the same way I used to. I'm streamlining a lot in my life to allow myself more time." Meanwhile, go to her *new* Twitter and she has her Amazon wishlist posted in her bio. Classy. I know I posted this before, but at this point I would be happy if she started actually sending some perks out. And then once a week posted an update stating that she sent out X perks that week with Y more to go. It might take a while, but actual progress will go along way towards rebuilding backer confidence. Well I got my update. Sounds like she is struggling but I am willing to give her the benefit of doubt and hope all comes right in the end. I encourage y'all to tweet about this with the hashtags: #fibrofiberskickstarter #fibrofibers #nightfallyarn @Mark: I TOTALLY agree. She misrepresented what the money was actually for. If she had outlined that the Kickstarter funds were for a move to out-of-state where she had little (to no, tbh) support system, I would have passed on backing it. Sara: but that wasn't what this kickstarter was supposedly about. I signed up with the idea of helping someone move her in home production to a place dedicated to the task of running her business and if course something to give my mom. Maybe she did spend the bulk of the money on something else, but if did that would be fraud. The fact that apparently she isn't shipping out purchases from her website, supposedly what Jen is focusing instead of shipping out kickstarter rewards, is a bad sign. Maybe people don't realize that the bulk of the funds raised probably went to moving costs to another state? I think we're more likely to get a Formlabs 3D printer than we are our yarn. @ Crystal: Honestly, I doubt kickstarter will do much. That's a shame since in the long term it is in kickstarter's best interest to not have people view kickstarter in such a negative light. I've been trying hard to be patient. And I wouldn't be too worried except for the lack of updates (and all the frustrated backers) - and also that I made a purchase from her website in January (assuming the yarn would soon be available) and still have yet to see that either. When I asked for an ETA, she couldn't give me one. So it's really hard to be supportive when neither perks nor purchases are going out. Does Kickstarter do anything when we report? I reported last week and now more are reporting. Does Kickstarter have a way to contact Jen? Seems like all efforts by any of us to contact her are futile. I guess my son and husband were right - Kickstarter is a scam. It's not just the lack of updates that got me to report this kickstarter, but her apparently flippant additude towards us backers. She has shown over and over again that she doesn't think that she owes us anything unless she feels like it. I agree with Sarah. Just need an update. Is it that hard? I am sad by all this too, I was a early bird backer, and not to see updates in over 2 months is very disrespectful. I am sure Jen is overwhelmed, but updates would be really nice. I am glad we were able to help someone in the fiber community and I am sure updates on whats going on is what most of us are after. I have also reported this project and encourage everyone else to do so. I am also sharing my experience with every knitter I know. I just reported this project. This is the first project that I have ever reported. Out of all of the projects I have supported, this is one of two that I am giving up on. I would like to be wrong, but I suspect that I just lost my pledge here. Here is the commitment that Jen made at the time that the rewards were set up -- from the FAQ pages in Support under Rewards: When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator as described in our Terms of Use. This agreement requires creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. While it pains me to suggest this, what is going on now is bordering on fraud --- pure and simple. It has officially been over 2 months since the last update. We need and deserve a solid update. It has now been just about 6 months since the early bird rewards were supposed to go out, and regular rewards were supposed to go out last month. Are the rewards actually finished, as you stated back in December? Is it the shipping prices that are causing the delay? We all just want to know what's going on. What a terrible person - she took our money, belittled our role in the success of her business and ignored every reasonable request for nothing more than an update. Horrible that this happened to all of us SHAME ON HER! There has been absolutely NO accounting of where all that money went - not to any satisfactory degree. Sandra, Thank you for putting this post together. It helps to see in Jen's own words what she promised and to see here and in our mailboxes how she has failed to deliver even the easiest promise of keeping us informed. From Jen's Risks and challenges 1. /snip/ This part isn't a risk anymore - we have surpassed our minimum funding goal, and both my funding and your perks are now guaranteed! 2. Delays due to moving: /snip/ To mitigate this risk, I'm going to get as much done as possible to fulfill perks (particularly the Early Bird options with December delivery) before the move, and I've also been tweaking my production process to allow myself to get each batch ready more quickly. Of course, I will keep you fully updated throughout the process. 3. Health: As my business name FibroFibers alludes to and as many of my customers know, I have several chronic health issues. /snip/ First, I'll be transparent about where I am in the production process and any delays that may crop up. /snip/ 4. Volume of perks to fulfill: Now obviously more perks means more time to produce them, but I'll be very up-front about production schedules and update everyone as things progress. /snip/ Above all I will be diligent about updating you on my progress, and transparent about where things stand. ======== I do not think the backers have been kept up to date, nor has there been any transparency given. Why did it take so long to get the codes out for the patterns? If Jen could not sell due to licensing, she could have done the codes. Why has it been so long since the last update (March 4, 2015)? Why on the update Dec. 9, 2014 did Jen state that the majority of the (early bird) items were ready to go out, but very few people have received them? This was also my first and most likely the only Kickstarter project. I agree. I have already reported it. Maybe they can get her to act. I know that this is my first and last Kickstarter campaign. I suggest everyone report this project to Kickstarter. There is a button at the bottom of the description page "report this project to Kickstarter". Maybe they can clear up with Jen that she has obligations to her supporters. Hi Jen, I haven't gotten anything from you or Kickstarter for a while. I did complete the survey but have not received any codes or premiums as of yet. Do you have a time when you anticipate having all the premiums fulfilled? Gail Maddox The thing that really saddens me is the fact that this kickstarter has convinced first time backers like Angela and Jana that kickstarter is just a way to lose money. Most of my kickstarters have had positive outcomes. It's a shame that this one being run so badly has tainted their view of crowdfunding in general. @Nicki Unfortunately, not on time from all appearances. Many of us who backed early bird rewards still haven't gotten ours yet, and there's currently no ETA on when they'll be sent out. I am wondering the ETA on the skeins of yarn. I see the expected date is April 2015, so there is still some time. Is this on schedule? How ironic....Kickstarter asks us to "Be respectful and considerate" as we post a comment. Makes you wonder if there is such a code of ethics for the Kickstarter creator. After waiting 6 months for my $70 pledge to be fulfilled, I have come to the realization that Jen must have a fine home and dining budget to have been unable to fulfill her obligations (YES, OBLIGATIONS) to reward her backers using the enormous amount of money we pledged. Anything short of fulfilling her obligation creates just another internet scam. Ignoring the contractual agreement by saying we just donated money and "perks" are just that, i.e., not required, is a disgraceful attitude. On what was all that money spent? Jen asked us for money, we obliged, and now she's done with us as if she has no accountability or responsibility whatsoever. While we may have found the proverbial "bad apple" in the Kickstarter basket, I doubt I'll ever support another project. I budget wisely, and don't have the patience for being scammed again. I will, however, not be supporting whatever is left of her "shop" ever again. I've had all of online Nightfall I can tolerate. What I will do, though, is let every knitter I know who is interested in Nightfall know of this dreadful abuse of her backers. The handling of her campaign has revealed much about her character and commitment. I still want the yarn for which I paid for through this campaign, but for now, off to contact my credit card company. I have backed over 20 projects, and I am a very patient person when there are updates. There are some projects that I backed last year that I am more than happy to wait for because we are getting frequent updates with full disclosure. This project is falling very short of the bar those projects set. We at least deserve an update about what is going on and where our rewards are. Mark, she posted on Twitter 2 hours ago that there will be a big shop update this weekend. It also appears that she has blocked me from being able to post to her facebook page and removed all of the posts there after I asked when she would be getting around to fulfilling her Kickstarter rewards. It seems that she is truly determined at this point to ignore us and continue to be deceitful. I will be calling my credit card company next. I looked at her online shop and it's not very well stocked. Most items have an inventory of 1 or are out. At this point I am getting the impression that her business is failing and she can't fulfill any perks. I am willing to wait and give her the time she needs. However Jan needs to communicate with us at least every week or so. It wouldn't hurt if she gave us a list of what she has fulfilled each week. I think that would prove to us that she is trying to honor her obligations. If she has time to mess around with Facebook, then she has time to post that long awaited update. If she is living is such a precarious situation that she is going hungry and might not have a place to live, then maybe she shouldn't have taken on the additional burden of a kickstarter. Since Jen suggests that we, as backers, need to learn from FAQ how Kickstarter works, here is how Kickstarter works (copied directly from the Kickstarter rules): When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: -they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; -they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; -they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; -they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and -they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. I do not feel that Jen has fulfilled her end of these rules. Maybe this reminder (if she is reading these comments) will help her understand how Kickstarter works. Since she is not able to fulfill the rewards she promised, there are bullets points detailing how she should proceed. How was the money spent? Why with $26,000 additional money into a company that was already working (thus this is not a start-up company - which I would not have funded) are you unable to update, refund, or explain? How did additional money make it impossible for you to eat or have a roof over your head? If you poorly managed the funds (which went well over your initial request), let us know. Answering these questions IS how Kickstarter works (I read the FAQ, I quoted the Kickstarter rules, so we now all know how Kickstarter works). Very disappointed. Lesson learned. In another kickstarter that I supported, the creator stopped updating and responding to messages. It just made things worse. He recently posted an update and the tone of backer post changed drastically. Another project had his son in and out of the hospital for months limiting his ability to fulfill pledges. He ended up sending them out a a fraction of his original plan. All the while, he kept backers updated. That's all we are asking Jen to do. Slowly send out pledges if that is what needs to be done and keep the backers updated. Even simple weekly updates which say she sent out 1 or 2 perks that week and a running count of remaining would be fantastic at this point. Here is the response I got from Jen: Jen Hintz says: I'm disappointed in the way things have played out too. I had a plan. My plan was solid and would have worked if things had gone the way I had every reason to expect they would - but they didn't, and there's no way I could have foreseen some of these hurdles. I cannot issue a refund. If there was money for refunds there would be money to fulfill the perks, and we wouldn't be in this situation to begin with. That's also not how Kickstarter works; as their documentation states, it is not a store. You can find more information on their FAQ pages, linked at the bottom of any page. All perks will be fulfilled as I am able to do so. I'm doing the best I can but currently that's not even sufficient to keep a roof over my head or food on my table. Survival will take precedence over posting to Kickstarter. I will provide more information when it is available, however at this time I don't have any concrete information to share. Crystal, I did ask for a refund. I haven't heard anything from her yet. I also posted on her Facebook page asking for her to make good on her kickstarter campaign. I think that folks should keep posting on her Facebook page and twitter account. The more people that hear about her shady business practices, the more she will learn this lesson. I feel suckered, and I hate it, considering how many times I've witnessed scams go down in the knitting community. I honestly don't even want the yarn anymore because it'll just have negativity associated with it, so you can take me off the list of people waiting for rewards. Consider me rewarded with renewed cynicism and a narrower shopping list. Jen, Please provide us an update? Where are you on sending rewards? It's been a month since you promised an update, and I'm sure I'm far from alone in wanting to know where things stand. Thanks Christine. I didn't think it was possible until you mentioned it. So, you ask Jen for a refund? The only way to get a refund is to ask the creator. Barring that, you will need to go through your credit card company. Yes, it would help if she would address this situation in some way on some medium. Can you ask for a refund on a Kickstarter? Honestly I don't think Jen understands that. She really should check out section 4 if the current Terms of Use. By pledging with her kickstarter, we basically entered a contract with her. It is her obligation to fulfill her part of the contract. Now I understand if she has to send out rewards slower than she expected because of problems that arose. That said, I am getting the impression that very few of them have been sent and that Jen has a belief that she really doesn't have any debt to her backers. I find this to be completely unacceptable. Even though Kickstarter is not to be used as a pre-order system, that is, in essence, the commitment both creator and backers accept when a Kickstarter is successful. We should not take back seat to her shop. The $26,000 we pledged and gave was her business. If she received that amount of money from her website and then did not deliver the product, there would be an uproar. Yet with us, she feels like we can be put on the back burner indefinitely? That is disrespectful, dishonest, and disgraceful. I have asked for a refund of my pledge. Mark, thanks for your update. Even Instagram is long past due a post. I wonder if this campaign and this company have abandoned us. I pledged for an early bird reward and have yet to see it. Have the Early Bird perks been sent? Would love an update. I hope that the non-early bird perks will come up soon. It is difficult to justify spending money on yarn in the shop when I am waiting on yarn from this campaign. Looking forward to an update. As others have stated, it has been a while. Angela: I have supported over 50 kickstarters. While it is disappointing when it looks like one is going bad, trust me when I say a vast majority of them haven't let me down. This is the first and last project I'll ever be supporting on Kickstarter. So disappointed. Can we please get an update as promised? We haven't seen an update now for nearly a month, and we have no idea how many of the rewards have gone out and we don't have an ETA on when we should expect to receive our rewards. I'm going to agree with Jen and Mark, while I understand that you have a business to keep on it's feet we backed you with the expectation to receive early bird rewards over 4 months ago. I can understand that you have hit a few rough patches, but at the very least we deserve some solid updates of where our rewards are. I just have to comment that I agree with what was just said by Jen, much more eloquently than I am capable of through my frustration levels with the attitude toward those of us who chose to be supporters. On the other hand, you are alienating your backers (the people who supported you and trusted you enough to put up $ and wait for product) to have additional stock in your shop. I think you need to be more grateful for your backers and where you have multiple skeins of yarn in a certain color, keep 1 in stock and mail out the rest to your backers. People supported you because they wanted to see you succeed and because they were interested in the reward at whatever level they supported. If no one was interested in the rewards, we all would have backed at the "no reward" level and no one would be getting impatient for their rewards. Simply being grateful and apologetic to your supporters in the face of the delays you are experiencing is appropriate. Saying that supporters aren't really due their "perks" is dishonest. We want you to succeed, we put up our hard-earned $ to support the growth of your business. We will be patient with real delays, but we are your team and deserve your loyalty, not your annoyance for wanting to know where the project that we supported is at. If that is your view, since you obviously are using it as your justification, perhaps you should have been more conservative on the estimated delivery dates when you set up the kickstarter to begin with? Yes kickstarter isn't a preorder but at the same time it isn't a charity either. Would it be possible for you to do an update where the speed of perk fulfillments is said so people have a better idea for how long the wait will be? It is convenient to hold the view that perks are just that - perks. you recieved $26,000 dollars from backers and you are basically telling them "thanks for the dough but I've got a business to run" We HELPED you grow your business. Can we please get another update? I agree that those who have backed this deserve to get their rewards at a rate which reflects us having supported you. Seeing shop updates being prioritized over what is effectively pre-paid orders is frustrating business practice. I could understand if you'd given folks an option to wait, but many of us expected things in a more timely manner. There was little indication of this being such a long time frame, or I wouldn't have spent so much of my yarn budget on yarn I'm stuck waiting months for. Want to be able to support you in the future, but am questioning business decisions. Hi Nancy, I'm a USA backer and I just received my coupon code tonight. I don't know if they have all been sent out or not, I thought I saw an update mention she would be sending them out a few out at a time this week in the evenings. Anyone know if all the coupon codes for the eBook download have been sent out? I saw a post from EU about an issue with download, just curious if USA backers have received their code yet? Hi, Jen. I agree with the commenter below who suggested frequent updates. I have been patiently waiting for my 2 skeins to come while watching the shop get stocked first. While it is obvious you are having problems, it is important to keep backers from feeling ripped off and unimportant. If you would at least update us weekly, it might do less long term damage to your business and reputation. You certainly need to keep the folks who contributed over $26,000 to you as customers in the future. Here's hoping you can get caught up quickly. I received my early bird yarn last week after speaking with Jen via the Kickstarter message system. Jen send me a message and said that she pulled the yarn from the stock in her shop. I really appreciate that she sent the yarn and took the time to message me. I do want to say that from a supporters point of view, this Kickstarter campaign has been very frustrating. Kickstarter can be a wonderful tool to help build a business and increase sales, but if the campaign promises aren't fulfilled that means X # of people who either didn't get their rewards or got them much later than promised aren't going to be happy. Just a suggestion to Jen: maybe try to fulfill more of the early bird backers and have less stock in the shop? The sooner people get their yarn, the happier they will be and will hopefully want to buy more of your pretty yarn in the future. The longer people have to wait the more frustrated they will become which has a high probability of hurting future sales. Jen, life happens, don't worry!! Take your time, your health is a priority!! Jen, while I am disappointed that I haven't received my perks yet, I completely understand where you are coming from, eating and having a place to stay are quiet important in my world also. I also understand the frustration of others at having to wait. With that in mind, I wouldn't mind seeing more frequent updates on your progress here, such as something like " I managed to send out (so many, #) early bird perks in the last two weeks", or "Snow has delayed my getting to the post office," or other updates like these. Keep plugging along, eventually all will be finished. It would be good to have an update on the Early Bird perks. Like others I find it frustrating that you are stocking your shop but are about 3 months late for the people who supported you. I haven't gotten the download coupon for the sidekick (and other ebook) pattern(s). This is very frustrating, since I am seeing kits for making up this shawl, but a kit is useless without a pattern and I don't see why I have to pay for another copy. I am already unhappy about the no-show on the early bird perks and the pre-order delays for Snow Iris make me wonder what is going on. I want to support you and I happy with your success, but I'm not seeing a return on my investment. I hope the dyeing is coming along, noticed you are stocked in your shop but backers have not received their perks yet. I am hoping they get mailed out soon. Just wondering if there is any news about the early bird perks. So far, I haven't seen any updates. I have been very patient and I just can't understand why we have had to wait so long. It's already two months past the original due date. Will we have to wait much longer? I must say that I am disappointed too. Lara Smoot, I have not received my early bird perk either...and also have not received any indication as to when it might be shipped. Disappointed. Has anyone gotten their early bird perks yet? I haven't seen anything posted here or on Ravelry. The December update said the majority were ready to ship and the only hold up was a permit: "I know you're all wondering about the December 10 Early Bird perks. While the majority of the items are ready to go out, I've hit a bureaucratic snag. Before my business can operate I am required to obtain an occupancy permit from the city. I was told initially that that would be a one-visit thing, an hour of filling out forms and paying a fee and boom, you're in business! Apparently the person who told me that was mistaken. I talked with the city this morning and while my permit has been approved, the official whose signature is required will not be available until Thursday, so I'm stuck in limbo until I have that. This does mean that perks will not go out by the 10th as planned. I'm very sorry about this, but my hands are tied. However, because I've been able to get things ready to go and because the permit is only awaiting that signature, I'm confident that the Early Bird perks won't be delayed too terribly long and should still arrive in time for the holidays for those of you who had planned to give them as gifts. " I was hoping that I could have used this as a Christmas gift seeing how I went for the early bird scarf. At this point I am hoping to get it before Mother's day. Still running to the mailbox every day...any ETA on early bird perks? Hi Jen, I'm excited to see the new stock on your website, the Iris colorway is very pretty. I need to be a pain and ask if it's possible at this point to upgrade my early bird "prize" from one skein of copper to one skein of the exclusive (Maple?) color for kickstarter patrons? I'd be happy to pay the cost difference between the early bird regular skein and early bird exclusive skein if it w/b possible to do this. However, I don't want to wait til April to get my yarn. If switching would mean jumping out of the early bird group, I'd rather stick with the copper. Also, if my yarn has shipped already, I know I'll love the copper. If we can switch to the special color, I can pay you right away via paypal or credit card or pop a check in the mail, whatever is easiest. The best way to reach me QUICKLY is to send a ravely pm to "slinder" or to text message me at 651 398 9546. I don't check my email (or this kickstarter page) very often. Thanks for the great yarn! Sarah Hi! I left a comment over the weekend asking if my backing could be checked on and it looks like it might not have posted so I am posting again. I haven't gotten a shipping notice and pledged for the one that had the original ship date of December. Can you please check into this and let me know when I can expect the yarn? Thanks so much! Lara I don't recall filling out a survey (yay, fibrobrain) is there any way to check? Glad to hear that you're making progress on shipping the perks (I'm glad 'cause that means things are going well for you!). I'm looking forward to the yarn, but certainly not in any hurry. Congratulations on a very successful campaign! I don't know if this is too late to offer at this stage but I'd go for a project bag without yarn :) We gotta get that next $400 because I NEED you to make stickers, muahahaha! :) I totally second the idea of having an Add-On for skeins of black (x amount of dollars/skein) that way we can add some length to nightfall ball and make larger shawls. I'm not a large shawl addict...I swear...even though I'm wrapped up in a 100+ inch shawl at the moment. Is there a way to do add-ons? I'd really love to get extra skeins of the KS custom color (gorgeous), plus a couple others. I'm thinking Christmas presents for family, as I think they'd love this yarn as much as I do. Thanks for leaving a link but you can only see them if you are a member of ravelry :( Will one ball make for example a baby blanket, toddler blanket, beanie, baby jacket etc? thanks :) Sometimes you just gotta have faith that things will work out as you had hoped... Hey, congrats on exceeding you goal!! What projects would you be able to knit/crochet with 1 ball of wool? I am thinking of getting this as a present for someone so I have no idea about knitting/crocheting so I'm wondering what 1 ball is enough for (i.e. baby blanket, kids sweater, beanie etc), it would be great to have some examples for us non-knitters :) Thanks My suggestion for a stretch goal perk would be ~750-1200 yard skeins in the 9 standard colours. Like the Special Edition Glimmerino listed as a yarn for the Lilah Shawl on Ravelry. I prefer larger shawls & a bigger skein let me knit those. Or offer skeins in solid colours (inc black) as an add on so the shawl balls can be 'stretched' that way. You forgot to offer the most important perk: a personal visit from Jen :) Crazy proud of you, chica! Yaaaaaay! You did it! Yes! You're over your goal! Congratulations!!!! I love the special color way. Maybe you could offer some of the project bags for an extra pledge. Would love to have one but it wasn't part of my current pledge D'oh! I didn't read the FAQ before posting that. I blame the cat who woke me early today so I was (still am) half asleep. Thanks! Time to go give you more money because I love this stuff and you are awesome! I love my current pledge tier but wanted to add an additional amount to also get a tier that has the special color. How would I do that? Select my current tier then increase the amount to cover another one? I am starting to wonder if any Kickstarter has been as successful as your's??? Great job in raising it so quickly....I also shared it on a local Ravelry group after seeing it posted on another one.....we do love your yarn! Also really like the exclusive color and happy I will be getting one. Thanks for your great work and may you have continuing good health! Love that new exclusive color way, glad I grabbed one last nite. Silly question, once the campaign succeeds, when do you think you will have a place set up and be able to increase production? I ask because I'm thinking about grabbing another perk for some more Nightfall, but my wallet keeps saying I shouldn't. If you think you can be producing more say by the end of the year, I might just wait to get from you then. If it may take a year to increase production, I'll find a way to grab more in the kick starter. I know you have a ton of yarn to do for these perks, and I'm not trying to be pushy, just trying to decide what else I might grab here, if anything. Question: Because I adore that exclusive colorway, if we picked a tier that gets 2 Nightfall skeins, could we pick one to be the exclusive? I picked an early bird but I'd totally be willing to wait for it to ship if I could! What a great idea; I'm excited about this. Good for you--and best of luck. Almost to the half way mark in less than 24 hours - way to go!!! Good luck Jen! Really hoping we can get this done for you! :) Good luck and looking forward to yarn! Ahhh! I've been waiting for this to go live so I could give you money! :D I even promoted a contest on my Facebook to encourage help in the non-knitting community of my friends and family. I hope we hit the goal soon, best of luck! Good luck, Jen! I sponsored you and put a status update on Facebook promoting your campaign!