I just sent you an email Merissa. Btw, if anyone has any photos of cool or creative ways that you are using your iPad and Flex kit, then feel free to email a photo to joe at uzibull.com and let me know if I may post it on the blog or website. Gen3, thanks for the detailed feedback. Well, all orders have been filled with the exception of a few internationals that I need to collect shipping $. Anyone can go to ipadflex.com and follow the links to order the iPad Flex kit through Amazon or Mediastore. I will be going through the messages again, just in case I overlooked any requests. Again, I appreciate everybody's support and comments. Jason, Irene, and Mischa...thank you very much! Gen3SF, I never received a completed survey with your address. Jorgen, USPS doesn't update the tracking info until it is delivered or close to. Charles, I accidentally pressed the 'Report Spam' button on my iPhone. I apologize and sent a message to KS to notify them of my error. I hope you'll still refer us, it was a good comment. K Lins, that's funny. Uzibull is a play on 'usable' to imply functional. Peter, the update videos offer the best visual i think. Kevin, On the large tripod there is a small 1/4" screw under the large 3/8" screw. Thanks Ron for the prompt good news. Indeed it does fit...as I was about to type this Fedex arrived with the new iPad and I confirmed it. I personally can't tell any difference between the iPad 2 and new iPad in terms of dimensions. Thanks Hannah and Martin, very kind. Tracy, Irene and Christa I will email you each directly. One more thing...a number of white covers shipped to many who requested, but I ran out. Sorry if you didn't get one. Btw, still working through the international orders...very time consuming. Thanks Brian, Keith and Ron for the positive feedback. A couple points about the mono and tripod. Again the monopod is just a prop. It was relatively inexpensive to OEM in high volume and it serves it's purpose. The tripod has a tag that as Ron says "Remove large screw thread to reveal smaller screw". If it seems too short, it is NOT. Simply push it up from the underside as it may have sunken into it's hole, then screw in the pivot piece. John, I sent you a reply with you tracking #. Ralph your Fedex tracking number is 61292701097620000490. William, by "small wall clamp" you may be referring to the small suction monopod. This monopod is basically a 'starter' piece and only meant to prop up the iPad as shown in the photos. If you need a real suction mount, then I will post a link to the $25 Fat Gecko mount at Amazon from the iPadFlex.com blog. It's a solid unit with an extremely strong suction grip. We have shipped about 200 so far, about half had tracking. The 'send email' checkbox in the Fedex web ship manager do not default to "Send" for the first couple batches. Most of the $60 and $45 level shipped, but internationals are more manual and taking longer. The rest will ship by Tuesday. Mitch, the silicone skin will fit the new iPad, but we don't think the plastic frame will. We will know for sure on March 16. If is doesn't fit then we will make an updated version for the new iPad which we can send to backers for just the cost of shipping. Putting together and shipping these kits is very labor intensive. Most are going Fedex SmartPost and Fedex doesn't have a bulk ship tool (unless you send them your database and they ship you back labels 3 days later). We are getting through about 50 shipments a day. The good new is that the silicon skin should fit the iPad 3 without issues. Barry, the smaller monopod is only meant to prop the iPad. Even a large monopod would not support the weight of the iPad with the case and frame on. The large tripod should do the trick everywhere else. I will post on the iPadFlex.com blog a link to a third party suction mount that will hold several pounds. Everyone, we got most of the product in. We're packing it this weekend and will begin shipping on Monday. I will create an update this weekend to show how it looks. Thank you Charles. The substitution will be no problem. Cheri and Ignacio. thanks for backing the project. Yes, you can substitute a white silicone skin for the black. However, the polycarbonate frame and pivot will only be produced in black initially. Nor, I would really appreciate if you could add $20 for the $100 level international shipping. It will actually cost more than that even for USPS, but I will absorb the difference. I had intended to add this, however once the pledge levels are live and backed they are closed to edits. Thanks. We don't make a handle, but the shoulder strap can be doubled over and wrapped with the velcro from the hand strap if you wanted to be creative. Irene, the white is actually more of a milky translucent and looks really good on the iPad 2 with the white bezel. I could substitute it in place of the black, however the frame, pivot and straps will be made only in black initially. Please send me a reminder note after we fund. Thanks. Thanks for leading the cheer Barry. The last 48 hours has had good momentum. A little visibility in a couple of blogs went a long way...thank you AppAdvice.com. Now, if we could just get Wired, Gizmodo, or Engadget to write a small blurb. It seems to me that most press sites want a sample to review, so it is the chicken and the egg conundrum. Peter, That's a difficult question, who knows what Apple will do, but if necessary then we will make another frame to fit the iPad 3. If they do not change the dimensions or configuration of buttons, camera and ports, then the silicone skin should still fit. Thanks Barry, good input. I just got back from the MacWorld Expo where I spoke with several people about our kit. I think that might start to make an impact. Also I will be sending the word out to editors and updating content all this week. For anyone else reading, If you click on the link to Joe's website, he has provides a phone number and email to contact him. He responded to my call within a few minutes and assured me that he will have things mailed out soon. Looks like nearly everyone else has their product. Thanks Joe. Joe, You really ought to check your Kickstarter comments more often. I have yet to hear back from you since my earlier post on July 3rd 2012. Have you been on vacation ? If I don't hear from you soon, I am going to have your kickstarter charges removed from my credit card for services not rendered. I hope to hear from you soon so I can enjoy your product instead of doing that. Regards. Hi Joe, What happened to the customer service? I am still waiting on a new Flex kit to replace my broken one. You hav disappeared. At least give us an update. I'm going to stop recommending this product to my friends if I don't get some kind of response. Joe, I have yet to hear from you.... Joe, I have yet to hear from you.... Hi Joe, I too have yet to receive the product. Please contact me to confirm you will be sending it out soon. Also, I have moved twice since I made the purchase and need to give you an updated address. Thanks. Hi Joe, I haven't received my FLEX kit yet. Mail delivery is not top-notch in my area so it may have been returned to you. How do I follow-up on this? Hi Joe, I was very excited about getting this product and I've been super happy with it for the last 2 months. However, today after only 2 months, one of the adjustable arms simply came off! Yes, I do pretty much use it everyday and adjust it into many different positions, but I didn't expect it to just break like that. I was able to push the ball back into the socket, but now whenever I bend that particular arm, it just pops off. I am very disappointed as it's now impossible to use it like I was before. Is there a way for me to get a replacement? Maybe I have a defective piece of something. Thanks, Aseem Sceptical - that I would ever use this actually when I got it here in the UK. Put the cover on and used the mount for the iPad to the windscreen as a Sat Nav. The mount was strong and didnt fail The quick release button for the mounting easy to use. Thinking now - a well developed, quality product. Well done ! I am going to use it. Joe, I bring my kit everywhere with me and people are constantly stopping me to see it all in action. Tripod stand makes a massive hit in any coffee shop too! Great product! Joe, is there any chance to buy an extra cover for my iPad? Hi there, have sent a couple of messages with no response. Survey completed long ago, still no flex pads... Really looking forward to receiving them. Could have saved me a few hundred dollars in replacing damaged iPad. So sad :( but looking forward to your fab looking product I've got my kit today. Its working great! No problems or bad parts. Thank you, Joe! Hooray, my Flex kits are here! Thanks again, Joe, for getting the shipment out to me so quickly after receiving my resent info. The Flex kit is great! Even better than I originally thought. The pivot is fairly easy to insert, but once in place, is really secure. The handstrap/ pivot combination is quite comfortable. I also appreciate the extra effort you took on the shoulder strap hooks; the overlapping hooks make carrying the unit even more secure. Less worry that the hooks will open during movement and allowing the iPad to fall. Excellent quality and obvious critical attention to detail. Congratulations and best wishes for your success. Hi Joe Had pledged US$ 60 for the product. Have still not received the unit. Appreciate your help on this. Thanks Karuna / Hong Kong dang...all the data are there. Survey sent Feb 27 response Mar 5 along with the info provided. However, I am not allowed to edit or resend survey. I have provided my name/ address via the direct contact link. Hope you receive the msg. Thanks Thanks for response, Joe. I checked and survey was completed and sent. I will resend info. Hi Joe Received the goods on Saturday. Perfect fit and superb. All the best to you and your team Azman, Malaysia No response to previous direct private msg, so I will repost here. I am a $100 level US backer and have neither received my 2 Flex kits nor any notification of shipment. A status update or tracking info will be appreciated. I am looking forward to my Flex kits. Thank you, Joe. According to my tracking info, hasn't the package moved from LA since 17. March. I have not recived anything yet either. Is there a problem or isn't the tracking info updated? Awesome i just got mine...5 min ago! Love it! Very well done! I couldve done without the customs charges but, what can you do? Awesome job guys!!! Hi Joe, I sent a question about the frost silicone skin via the contact form on the Uzibull site last night... would it be better to ask it here on the Kickstarter comment thread? Love it!! Great job!! When is it going public ?. Everyone that sees it loves it. Receive mine yesterday and is is working perfect. Keep up the good work :) Got mine. works great on new iPad! Love using the tripod instead of holding the ipad in my hand. I have a monoprice screen protector on mine and the flex is so unintrusive it didn't even come near it. So when do these go public? Some people who missed the boat want to know. I would like to purchase extra pivots too. Haha, I received the notification today and nearly deleted it as spam, because I did not remember knowing a Joe777from Hawaii ...then I realized they had my address, but "uzibull" sounded quite dangerous. Had I by mistake ordered some paramilitary equipment? Luckily with some use of logic I did find out in the end. Now I'm really looking forward to my parcel! Michel, I feel your pain! At least you got a good reason for buying the better new iPad now ... Aaaarg... Too late... As international backer, I have not yet received my Flex Kit. I just received the shipping notification. Unfortunately, someone dropped my iPad this weekend, and the glass broke... Life can sometimes be cruel... :°-( Just got mine, enjoying trying to figure it out a bit... Joe do you have further instructions for a visual n00b? Joe, Just reading the comments below makes it even more exciting now that the kit works fine on the new iPad. Any updates on when the international backers will expect to ship? Haven't received my 2 Flex kits, yet. Thanks for letting us know that the new iPad will fit. Thought so as the differences are so slight, but good to know for certain. Looking forward to receiving my kits. received my unit and had a question about the tri-pod. The screw ontop of the tri-pod does not screw into the backer it has a larger screw than the one with the suction cup. Is there another connection piece needed? Love the unit overall just want to have the tri-pod feature work also. I received mines yesterday; wow, great job! It's everything I expected it to be. I wish you guys continued success with this great product. What's the chance of getting a second pivot so that I can easily snap in and out the strap or tripod? Just received mine. It is everything it was promised to be. I'm looking forward to a long relationship with this! Will get a full review out over the weekend! Flex fits ipad3. !!! Even more secure than my ipad2. Im amazed. Just took a little pressure at each clip on the x frame. Seems better than it did on ipad2. Received mine today. Excellent job, everything was as advertised. Absolutely love it! good work! When do you shipp international orders? I haven't received mine. I emailed you Joe, but didn't realize there was a "survey" at the top of this page. I filled out the survey. Can you let me know when I should be receiving it. thanks, tracy Got mine today and all I can say is AMAZING! You guys did a damn fine job making this!!!! I can't recommend this highly enough! This user's account has been deleted. Hey guys, after reading the comments im itching to get mine! Any idea of when that will be? Also, i was the first to ask for the white silicon and upped my backing to get one of each color, because we have two different color ipads here in the house and its better to keep the colors different to avoid any quick confusion. I hope you saved one for me... Thanks guys in advance i am truly impressed with your communication response times! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Got mine today and I have to say it was well worth the wait to get it. I have it all hooked up and have carried the iPad around on my hand working on charting with ease. I along with everyone can't wait for the one for the iPad 3 and want to thank the guys for such a great product. The flex has landed! First, STOP ALL THE COMPLAINTS. the flex it all it was promised to be! Everything is great, fit, form, and function! It feels better in my hand than my Griffin, my ports are open so there are no "protective" flaps in the way great idea to leave space Round the edges for shock protection too. The silicone cover has a nice wide sync plug opening that an assortment of non OEM plugs will fit into, which is better than the otter. The swivel adapter fit right into the hole no problems putting boh sides in at once. Can't wait to bounce thru the airport with it slung over my shoulder!!! Great job Joe! Thanks! D. Parker... I got mine today...masmampro photographer of 40 years...msome things were a given... 1. The lrge thread is an adapter, unscrew it to reveal smaller thread underneath on larger tripod 2. Suction, mount, isn't supposed to float ipad in the air, it.s to hold it on an angle. Stick it, then tilt the ipad so that it rests on its bottom edge. So think of it as 3 point tripod... Bottom two ipad corners and mount as leg/prop so that it sits on a angle, but won't slide away. Think... Tripod, not mono-pod. Mine arrived today After asking where it is? Last night. I love it! Using it now on the porch, tripod grasping anarondak chair arm. My only complaint... Doesn't allow smart cover to work... No protection for screen!!! If wife puts it in her purse. I'd like to see a optional flap or something that will protect the front glass when not in use!!!!! Also anxious to get ipad3 adaptation... Mine comes friday. Love the feel of the silicone, love the swivel mount, works great on my porch chair!!!!! THE GOOD The frame, silicone, carry strap and hand strap work as expected. I have also attached swivel mount to a regular full size tripod with no problem. Very nice! THE NOT SO GOOD The suction cup monopod is a great idea. Unfortunately the stem of the monopod that shipped with the product is too flexible and does not hold the weight of the iPad....just lets it droop down making the iPad screen face the floor. The flex tripod is also a great idea. Unfortunately the one I received with the product is not usable. The flex tripod's mounting screw, at first glance, was too large of a diameter to fit into the swivel mount. A closer inspection revealed that the screw has a threaded cap that can be removed, revealing a smaller threaded screw with the right size threads underneath. The only problem is the screw only protrudes from the top of the tripod by 3/16 of an inch, too short to thread into the swivel mount, leaving no way to attach the tripod. OVERALL Frame, Silicone, Swivel Mount, Straps (A+) Monopod, Tripod (good concept, functional defects, future versions correctable) Any word on when mine will ship? I was a 100 backer if that matters... A new iPad version for just shipping?! Beautiful! How much for a 2nd silicone? Passing my ipad2 to my,wife and my ipad3 arrives. If anyone will need silcone protection, she will! Ron P.S. mine was 60. And in u.s. michigan! I was also a pretty early backer. Excited to hear we can get a ipad3. X frame for shipping. Count me in!!!! I repied with my address right away, and i have no trackng number yet either? Any idea when? My ipad 3 comes friday, hoping it will fit! Ron Very nice. The silicon skin is great. Still easy to get to external buttons and no decline to sound quality. The flex frame is so hot it's a shame to cover it up. The pivot with hand strap is exactly what I need. I use the iPad as I stand and walk. Now there is no chance of accidental drop. Shoulder strap is a little wimpy (short and small), but clamps are great. The tripod is also fantastic. My daughter uses istopmotion alot and the tripod is perfect. Way to go joe and uzbl - home run! Sorry I meant the small suction cup monopad does not seem to hold the weight of the iPad, It justs bends down. Also, I did not receive the large flexible tripod, that is what I was expecting. I only have a small suction cup monopad. just received the unit and put it together. The flexible tripod does not seem to hold the weight of the iPad. It just flops down when I try to position it to stay. Am I missing something, or do I have a defective tripod? Tracking number? thank you. I haven't receive a tracking number. Thanks Joe! No tracking, no flex, no word....but no worries! Nutin yet I had the $60 package, but still no tracking number, any idea when it will ship? Ugh - I hate FedEx Smart post - it's not so smart. No telling when my Flex kit will arrive. But at least it's been sent. :) I just got my tracking #... Very excited! Just got mine yesterday! It was awesome, the only problem was with the small wall clamp the pivot balls are way to slick so it just falls down when I insert my iPad. I love the tripod though. Really handy when I am in the student commons, set it on the arm of a couch, and then use my computer on my lap! This user's account has been deleted. So will we get an email with a tracking number? Haven't gotten one yet:( Will the plastic shell fit the new iPad? Ok. I see the larger thread can be unscrewed on the tripod and then the thinner threads fit. Cool. Still not sure about the monopod . Will have to test that one out. Still all in all, a great case and the shoulder strap is awesome. Hey Joe, question for you.. How am I supposed to use the tripod when the threads are bigger than and don't fit, and the suction monopod doesn't support the weight of the IPad ... Help please.. YES!!! Just got mine in the mail today, and immediately put it together and on.. fits great, looks good and now i can start figuring out the monopods and tripod...Thanks for the quick turnaround.. I can't wait to start seeing posts that people have received their Flex kit. I'm starting to get really excited about this! Hi, I'm sure people will be asking soon but since the new specs for the ipad 3 are out, will you be designing an updated Flex frame for those of us who would like the Kit to fit the new ipad 3? (New iPad 3 is .6mm thicker at 9.4mm and .6lbs heavier at 1.4lbs). I will gladly wait as I'm sure it will take time to develop but wanted to post the question. Thank you! Just got an email with tracking info.. should be here in about 3-5 days.. Can't wait.. Great job Joe! I just sent my survey!! Thank you!! Thank you !!! I can't wait!! Wow, that's awesome Joe... Can't wait to get it.. I'm sure once I show it to some of my associates that also have the iPad 2, they will want one as well... Then it will be time for you to start one for the iPad 3!! got my survey today.. Can't wait to get this and put it to use!! Thanks and congrats! This user's account has been deleted. Great Job Guys, can't wait to show mine off! By the time this ships i will have my ipad3.. Boooooohooooooo. How long before we see a upgrade kit with the parts changed for the new ipad profile? I'm really bummed. Congrats! 325 backers...wow! Congratulations on successful funding. I think once others see this product and the versatility, it will be an even bigger success. Looking forward to getting mine and showing it off! Hello, I would also like to substitue for the white silicon skin (black frame) if possible. Hope you sell a million of these. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Congrats on a great product...and many good wishes on your product launch..Pledged at the 100.. may I have one white and one black too please? Thanks very much! Hi Joe I was wondering about the white silicone, would it be like a limited amount as i prefer that to go along with my white ipad. Btw thanks for making such a nice product Thank you Joe. will do the necessary HI Joe Under the $100 pledge, how much do we need to add for international backers?. Awesome i just upped my backing! Joe, Nice shoulder strap! I was thinking today, how about a handle as well so it can be carried like a brief case? Thanks for responding Joe! Congrats! I'm excited for you! Updated my backing to the $60! Will the white silicone be available for the backers or is it just the black? We have two ipads here in the house and i am considering increasing my backing if we can have two different colored silicones... I am really looking forward to using and showing off this product! Thanks for the pic! I've been Showing it to everyone. I'm looking forward to getting the Flex in my hand. I am always looking at new case ideas and this may have it all. Wow, we are getting close.. If everyone who backed gets someone else they know who has an IPad 2, to back we will get there with a lot of time to spare! Can't wait to get one!! This is great...exactly what i was looking for....but couldnt find on the market. I love innovation and thinking bigger. Keep it up guys, i cant wait to sport mine!! Do you know if this would also fit the iPad 3? I heard it will be same size, but with a tad bit more girth. Is there any room for something slightly thicker? I will upgrade from 25 to 60 if so! That's great. Joe. Keep posting updates too, so we can link them on Facebook and try to drum up some more backers for this project...Half way there, so let's kick it into gear!!! I've got a lot of site projects coming up and hope to get this in my hands soon!! Thanks for the presentation at Macworld Expo. My wife and I both enjoyed the accessory packed deal that comes with our selection. II also like the expand ability with the camera mounting capabilities. On things like tripods, like the gorilla pod. The mono and the tripod. I really made my descision, professionally, when you had the hand held device on the back, with the strap, but especially the strap. I'm a teacher and I find myself wanting to use my iPad a lot, but, always having to walk to my desk or some other tabletop I placed it on. With the strap I can carry it around the classroom and take roll, check homework and control my computer (remote desktop, presentations, virtual whiteboard). And I don't have to carry it in my hands. Thanks again. I look forward to receiving it so I can show the iPad using teachers in my school and district. Also I see all your photos are non-business related (or children), while nice photos, you need to hit the business market and your photos should be indicative of that. Both the straps and the hand hold are ideal for waling and working, whether around a job site, real estate , drawing on the go, etc. Hope you make it. Let's keep this thing going and help make this happen. I'm always looking for better ways to hold and use my IPad while I'm walking taking notes and also like the shoulder straps as well.