John Dion, Please stop sending harassing comments. The more comments you send the more we are able to send to KickStarter showing harassment. If you aren't going to back the project stop sending messages. Thank You John Dion, Please stop posting comments if your aren't interested in backing this project to receive our product. Your messages are not becoming a form of harassment. And we have reported you to KickStarter per the guidelines. Kyle Sorensen, Please stop harassing with rhetorical questions making indirect threats. Why even pledge and then make harassing comments. If you aren't going to make a pledge for the product stop sending us messages then. We have already sent a message to KickStarter asking to remove your comments and harassing threats. Hi John, Our case features are different. For one it is felt lined on the inside and our rivets used are smaller by design. Our case is also designed from a much more durable aluminum grade metal. Hi Andrew, Our dice were not balanced based on casino dice regulations as these are not casino style dice. We used molded model calculations to determine weight distribution and balance. These dice were simply created to use for at home card and board games. Thanks for your input though. Kyle Sorensen, We have taken a look at the sites you mentioned in your comments and there are a few things that are definitely different in our dice and the ones you posted in the links. They do appear to be similar but the overall physical make up and quality clearly do not match up. Not even the characteristics. Firstly it appears that some foreign Chinese factory has gained access to 2 photos that we had posted on our pre-launch website that we had posted, but had taken down as we noticed a few of our design photos had be leaked. We made sure that we safe guarded the photos posted in this project launch by not listing them on any website of ours. The dice in the links you supplied do not appear to be aluminum even though they say so, they are way to glossy and metallic to be raw aluminum. Or they may be coated. They appear to very cheaply made just by looking at the rigid lines and groves. Very poor quality dice on the links you posted. Even at looking at the pips they don't appear to be machined the same. Our dice have more of a recessed pointed 1 pip, while the 1 pips from the links you supplied are circular and do not have much depth. Also the dimensions are not your standard regulated RPG size gaming dice. Standard size regulated dice are 16mm in dimensions. Our dice are standard regulated size 16mm RPG dice. The links also do not state the dice are equally weighted and balanced. This is a very important factor. Nor are the dice in the links aluminum brushed to give the dice a sleek smooth feel and appearance. Yes you can purchase cheaply made dice that may look similar but the quality clearly isn't there. And the dice in the links you supplied are not standard. We do appreciate the fact that you showed us similar dice on the market but they clearly are poorly designed and not the same as ours. Even the aluminum case appears to be made of some type of cheap aluminum. Thanks Hi Andrew, Let me clarify when creating the dice the work shop used a silicone gel substance to create a model using computer software and machinery. Once a perfectly balanced model was created by removing mass and filling back in mass while creating the pips for each side, then we were able to determine the exact weight of a standard 16mm game die. Once all the calculated data was captured by the machinery software we were able to make the machined aluminum dice. We have tried to answer and entertain all questions but unfortunately you can not satisfy everyone. The quality in our dice will reflect the true picture. There appears to be a cheaply made version of a product of similar design floating around online, but they are not standard RPG size dice, they appear to be of some metallic made material, and are not raw brushed aluminum. Please do not be discouraged as you will be receiving quality 16mm solid brushed aluminum standard size RPG gaming dice. Thanks Supporters! Hi Andrew, To answer your question more specifically, as stated in a previous comment we tested two different methods when determining the balance of the dice. The more accurate way we found out while working with the workshop producing the dice was calculating the distributed weight across each face of the dice and fill the pips of each side back in with the same mass removed, while creating the pips of each face side. But instead of using resin the workshop used a silicone gel form substance while creating the pips. This had to be done in order to make sure the mass taken out was added back in when creating each side of the dice in. Thanks Hi Brent Bristow, We have shown the actual sample prototypes in the video for the project and in the images listed within the body of the project between the content. We are not going to show the complete production process for creating the dice as this will as this will reveal trade secrets of our company. Thanks Hi Andrew, Yes we will have to factor in the mass removed for the side of the dice with the engraving, which really will not be much mass removed. Our production workshop will be able to determine the mass removed using their computer aided software to make sure the finished dice are balanced in the end. Thanks Kyle Sorensen, We have taken a look at the sites you mentioned in your comments and there are a few things that are definitely different in our dice and the ones you posted in the links. They do appear to be similar but the overall physical make up and quality clearly do not match up. Not even the characteristics. Firstly it appears that some foreign Chinese factory has gained access to 2 photos that we had posted on our pre-launch website that we had posted, but had taken down as we noticed a few of our design photos had be leaked. We made sure that we safe guarded the photos posted in this project launch by not listing them on any website of ours. The dice in the links you supplied do not appear to be aluminum even though they say so, they are way to glossy and metallic to be raw aluminum. Or they may be coated. They appear to very cheaply made just by looking at the rigid lines and groves. Very poor quality dice on the links you posted. Even at looking at the pips they don't appear to be machined the same. Our dice have more of a recessed pointed 1 pip, while the 1 pips from the links you supplied are circular and do not have much depth. Also the dimensions are not your standard regulated RPG size gaming dice. Standard size regulated dice are 16mm in dimensions. Our dice are standard regulated size 16mm RPG dice. The links also do not state the dice are equally weighted and balanced. This is a very important factor. Nor are the dice in the links aluminum brushed to give the dice a sleek smooth feel and appearance. Yes you can purchase cheaply made dice that may look similar but the quality clearly isn't there. And the dice in the links you supplied are not standard. We do appreciate the fact that you showed us similar dice on the market but they clearly are poorly designed and not the same as ours. Even the aluminum case appears to be made of some type of cheap aluminum. Thanks Hi Kyle, Our product is 100% USA manufactured. It appears the links you have posted are replicas or knock offs, which do not state that they are balanced dice nor produced in the USA. Please stop submitting direct and commented messages trying to degrade the value of our project and making idle threats. We have reported you to KickStarter as it appears this is not the first you have continuously spammed and threatened project creators. Hi Kyle, As stated we are the designers and our product is 100% manufactured here in the USA. You may support knock off products if you like at the links you supplied, but that is your choice. Our product features are original. Hi Kyle Sorensen, Are you sure you are getting 100% Solid Aluminum balanced gamer's dice from those sites. Our product is 100% USA manufactured as stated before, plus you have the option of getting colored pips. I wouldn't buy knock offs or replicas. Even the quality of dice in the links you supplied do not look as finished and sleeks as our dice. They appear to be more rigid and not brushed with perfection. Also are they true balanced dice. Thanks Hi Kyle Sorensen, We have answered your questions in a previous post. Many foreign factories steal the ideas of great inventors and produce replica products everyday. Our design idea and images could have easily been copied from a website that we recently had up and running prior to the launch of our project campaign. Which we took down as we where informed by our legal team to do so, so that no one would be able to steal our design and concept idea. Plus you will have the option to choose color pips with our Free Roll Gamer's Dice. There have been many products copied by foreign factories that stole the idea from KickStarter project creators. Thanks Hi Backers Our dice are 100% USA manufactured and designed to true RPG dice game spec standards. Plus we offer our dice with Colored Pips. DO NOT support knock off or replica dice products. Thank You Supporters Hi Kyle Sorensen, Thanks for sending us a message. We are the original creators of this design and our dice are 100% produced here in the USA, they are not foreign knocks offs from some other country. We have spent 1 1/2 years perfecting the balanced weight distribution for these dice, testing and retesting the equal weight distribution. You really have to know how to design and fabricate metal dice in order to produce balanced RPG dice. There are many foreign companies that replicate product designs, and try to advertise them for sell online. I'm sure you have come across this with many products retailed today. But do to patent laws foreign companies are able to get around and steal the design of inventors and produce similar products of less quality. If you are looking for a 100% USA manufactured dice product that is perfectly balanced and meets standard dice specs, we are the original inventors of the Free Roll Gamer's Dice. Also we offer our dice with different pip colors. Thanks for Your Support! Hi Nicholas Wemyss, We are discussing the option of introducing a new reward level with no colored pips. This reward level will also include the Aluminum case. This will be for those backers that prefer to keep the dice raw looking. But not sure if there will be any stretch goals at this point due to cost feasibility. Thanks for the Suggestions and Support! Hi Brent Bristow, After carefully calculating the weighted balance for each side of the dice using software and a little physics, we decided to give the dice our personal touch setting them apart from other dice. We do plan though to make more game dice for future projects. These are some really cool RPG game dice! Thanks for Your Support! Hi Kouture Crochet, Thanks for sending us a message. We wanted to make our dice look different yet at the same make sure each side was balanced. We spent a lot of time and effort in designing the dice and with our production workshop calculating precise weighted calculations in making sure these dice were weighted to a science. Thanks for Your Support! Hi Darsc, Thanks for sending a message. The image is just our logo. But we are discussing the possibility of making some anodized dice for a future KickStarter project. Thanks for Your Support! Thank you for all your support on this project! Let's continue to bring awareness about these awesome dice, just simply share the project link. Thanks KickStarters Hi Jeff, We have tested and used the dice for several months, and I must say they are durable and really scratch resistant. Just don't go rolling them on concrete. Unfortunately all the dice pips have to be one color due to cost feasibility. You have a choice of Black, Red, Blue, or Green. But we are discussing the possibility to offer more colors to choose from. Stay tuned. Thanks for Your Support! These are really some awesome dice. Hi Sean Kennedy, Yes when designing the dice we carefully factored the calculations of weight and density distribution for each side of the dice, taking into consideration the weight of the metal removed when creating the pips for each side. Using physic based formulas and software we where able to precisely calculate the balanced weight for each side. This method was tested and retested. Our production workshop completed the same calculations and entered into their computer aided production software used to create gaming dice and the results matched. The production workshop also calculated the balanced weight of each side by adding back in the material removed for each pip for each side to make sure the dice where balanced consistently using software for prototype sampling. Thanks Hi Y. Chung, Thanks for sending us a follow up message. We will have some more images of the case soon. Thanks for your support! Hi Neomorte, We are discussing other color options. Stay tuned to updates! Thanks to all that have backed the project. Please continue to help us spread the word by sharing the project with others. You can simply click the Facebook "Like" button on the project page and share the page link <url>"Lucky Dice" coming soon. Thanks for exposing this. Just had a look at the alibaba site and all it looks like he has done is buff the imperfections out and flog it here. Thanks Karl and Brent. Karl you scare me but in a good way. Brent : My plan is to offer international. I have to check pricing before I commit to it though. The part that gave this away for me was when he said he had a legal team. Likely had them on retainer too... @Sly Kly, I'll keep an eye out for that. You have my backing if i'm interested with what you have to present. (AND MY AXE!) Sly - I'll keep my eyes open. Hope you make them available to Canadians :) Well that was disappointing After seeing the Precision machined dice do so well it brings the scammers. I noticed how fishy it was right away since I have been studying different types of dice since I want to launch my own Kickstarter project based on a cool type of dice. Keep an eye out for it in less than a month or so! Thank you so much Guys for exposing him and making Kickstarter a better place for all! But for now the twitter link is still up @SPIELDesigns Leaving in a blaze of shame. Removed link to facebook, cancelled kickstarter account... Thank you Sly Kly - really glad you exposed this fraud. I would get the other dice on KS but they're only to the states :( Guess I'll wait for the next legit one! I'm so grateful to you guys for saving us from being scammed. <url>#6! <url>"this is not a project" you're given a chance to type in why) Yeah I think I'm going to back that other Aluminum Dice in KS right now instead of this now. The pictures are way too similar for this to be coincidental. Show us your prototypes or proof that you really do own this or hell buy from the retailer your calling cheap "knock offs" and post pictures for us to compare then I'll reconsider I love the idea of kickstarter and I take pride in backing the projects I have and will in the future however every single "project" like this which violate their guidelines make it harder and harder to trust the site. To have that trust maintained people like you must be stopped. You have no proof, you had copied pictures from another site which you've taken down and there is no evidence of your project plans not violating the rules against reselling existing products. This is funny! The creator can't provide proof that he makes these so he has basically been caught red handed. So he is trying to get these comments removed because they might be rude. He is crying out "Hey I got caught trying to sell an existing product but these guys are exposing me in a not so nice way. Please ask them to stop." Oops my last 2 comments was a double post. I didn't see my 1st one go through so I posted a 2nd similar one. Thanks for removing that photo from your video that was a direct copy of from someone else offering the exact same thing. I thought that was your photo though. Nice try on another cover up. Kickstarter has already been aware of this idea and my comments. But not because of me but because of you trying to violate the terms and conditions of Kickstarter. I love that you reeditted your video to remove the copyrighted, oh wait who owned those photos? Right. Way to continue to try to deceive your backers. Your case is the exact same thing as the links show. They also are felt lined. How can you tell from a picture that they are of substandard material or the rivet size? Stop embarrassing yourself and either provide simple proof that you made these or admit you are trying to sell an existing product. How can you tell from the pictures that "your" case is made from more durable materials? All of the links I have already posted have felt lined carrying cases. Stop making a fool of yourself and either provide proof of you making these yourself or admit you are trying to resell a existing product. Michael, I believe I have to remove my pledge as well in light of these concerns that Andrew, Kyle, and the rest have raised. They are asking you for simple proof of a few facts, but you are not providing anything beyond a sales pitch. I will keep an eye on this Kickstarter, and if you manage to put up proof before the campaign is over I will consider repledging. Yup. And thanks for posting word for word your same post from 2 hours ago to Kyle. You still haven't answered why, if you are selling a UNIQUE product, are you using the EXACT same case shown on the other websites selling the same product? If yours was so unique, you'd think your case would have been different. As a Machinist myself I can tell you that from your photos that your dice are not raw Aluminum either. Your pics are the exact same thing you are calling cheaply made and very poor quality. As for some Chinese Factory stealing your product pics! That is a tall tale if I have ever heard one. Those pics look 100% professionally taken. If you had them professionally taken then you should have proof of that. A receipt of some kind and 100s of other photos that should have been taken to get the right shot. But then only after someone asks for a picture of the aluminum case is when the "Metal Shop" sent you one. This just keeps getting more and more comical by the minute. Just keep digging yourself a hole. Just try and produce one more image of how these were manufactured, a receipt or bill from your machine shop after you 1 1/2 of development, ect ect. Until you can post more than a few generic statements and keep trying to blame China for stealing your idea although they have been selling it for 8+ years now. Oops Correction: I meant to comment about the Creators statements, not yours Andrew. You are right on the money and Michael is just trying to keep is head above water before Kickstarter shuts this down for trying to sell an existing product. I am sorry Andrew but that last statement of using silicone gel to create a model is not a method I have heard of before. I am a Mechanical Engineer and a CNC machinist and that method you described does not even make sense. Please list the CAD Program used and the name of the "Machinery Software" that calculated and captured the data?!? Any kind of 3D modeling software can tell you the exact center of mass of of a model. Once all these questions started coming up you are coming up with these half baked answers that do not make sense. As well as calling and existing product that has been around for 8+ years a knock off and not up to your standards ect ect. Just keep on digging yourself a hole. Thank you for all your responses Michael. I appreciate the effort. However, understanding how balancing works, your explanation of how you achieve balance in your dice does not add up. Not even taking into account colored pips and dice with engraved initials on one side, both of which would unbalance dice and neither of which have been explained in any of your posts; simply balancing your basic dice is essentially impossible without filling in the pips and making them flush with the surface. Seriously. The most basic example of this would be if you positioned the 6 side of a d6 facing you. Now hold the die such that one corner is touching the table. You will have an upper row of pips on one side and a lower row of pips on opposite side of the face. The mirror side of the upper row of pips will only have 2 pips, since the middle of the mirror will not have been drilled out to make a pip. This mirror side with 2 pips will have more mass than the side with 3 pips (by definition since each pip on the face has the same amount of mass drilled out). Since one side of the face has more mass than the other, when the die is balanced on its point, the die will tend to roll toward the side with more mass. This necessarily means there is an imbalance in how the side is laid out. Without filling in the pips with material of mass equal to the material used to construct the die, it is literally impossible for you to correct this imbalance without unbalancing the die even more. As such, I realize that it would be beneficial if you were to consult with some mathematicians in your design process since you are not accounting for these issues. I wish you good luck in your en-devours, but I came here looking for machined dice that were balanced by taking into account classical dice balancing issues, and your explanations have shown that you have shirked the methods by which these problems have long been solved. As such, you cannot, by definition, have properly balanced dice; thus this is not the kickstarter for me. I am removing my backing and hope you change your production philosophy in the future. Michael, I understand your frustration with all these questions, and I apologize for the hassle, but my previous question was only that you upload a picture of the finished dice. Your previous response specifically stated that you balance the dice by filling in the pips. The pictures currently on the main page do not show filled pips, they should empty pips, which by your previous post would cause the dice to be unbalanced. All I am asking for now is a picture of the ultimate final dice that backers will receive. That is the most reasonable request in this entire comment thread. Thank you for your response Michael. Your answer makes sense, but the photos of the finished dice that you have uploaded do not show pips filled in with the silicone gel form substance. The uploaded photos appear to have empty pips that are not flush with the face surface. If the finished dice have pips filled in with this substance, could you please upload photos showing these finished dice? Sorry but why is your case EXACTLY like theirs. You'd think if you didn't want to be confused with "knockoffs", you'd at least "design" a better case. Of course this is rhetorical because we know the answer is you are buying these online yourself to resell here. You will continue to tout the balance without showing proof, you will continue to tout "made in the USA" without showing proof. A video has been requested, it will take you weeks of coming up with excuses as to why it's not finished yet. The only redeeming value here is the design portion of the video, not that it's proven this isn't just copied from another video. With so many similarities and your refusal to answer questions like: 1) How can a knock off be sold for 5+ years and stole your idea you came up with less than two years ago. 2) Any sort of proof that these are unique to you. Your prototype pictures are identical to the ones you can purchase elsewhere for a fraction of the cost you're charging. 3) Show us the dice balanced. As Andrew suggested "It would also be beneficial if you were to upload a video of you using a dice balance caliper to show that your dice are properly balanced." 4) Why you said "We have reported you to KickStarter as it appears this is not the first you have continuously spammed and threatened project creators." When Kyle called you out. He has only ever commented on this project. You can see by clicking his name and than viewing his comments. 5) Give us pictures of dice through the design process, perhaps even a picture of the mold you're using or even earlier prototypes. If you've been working on these for 2 years than you made more than one set of dice. Until you answer these questions, which I feel are fair in asking, my backing will stay $1 Determining the mass removed is just one step. You either have to remove equal mass from all sides of the cube or you have to add mass to the side which had mass removed, otherwise there is literally no way to properly balance it. The same goes for coloring the pips. If you have one side with 3 pips and one side with 2 pips, and all pips are of equal size, then when you color the pips, the additional pip on the side with 3 pips will give that side additional mass. That is not even mentioning at if all pips are the same size (aside from the 1 pip) then you cannot be removing equal mass from all sides. The further you dig into the cube to remove mass, then more of an impact that removal has on neighboring sides. Your explanations of how you achieve balance for the dice are not sufficient. I appreciate that you are addressing questions in this comment section, but I am interested in investing and supporting perfectly balanced dice, and saying that "you have used physic[sic] software to determine the balance" is not sufficient explanation. There is more to the equation than simply removing equal mass from each side, which it appears you have not taken into account. How do you balance the 6 side the same that you balance the 3 side? Yes, you have to remove equal mass from each side (considering that the pip holes look the same, I have to question if that is done properly). But then it is a question of distribution of mass removal. The distribution of removal is different for the 3 and the 6, which means the weight distribution simply on the face of the die is different. You have mass removed from the middle and two corners on the 3 but the middle, four corners and the middle of two sides for the 6. This uneven removal of mass from the sides will impact balance. That is specifically why casino dice add back in a resin of the same mass as the resin removed when drilling the pips. That is also why my initial questions to you focused around casino dice balancing, you are departing heavily from the established method of balancing dice, which the government has regulated in the casino industry, and I am trying to understand how you achieve the same balancing results. Simply stating that "the computer program figures it out" is not an answer, it is a deflection. I reduced my backing to a $1 until I get proof these were made in the states and are not a modification / resale of dice made in China. Simply prove they are made in the US show us the process and some of your prototypes and you'll gain a lot of credibility. If you continue to refuse to do so you cannot expect people to believe anything you say. Back up what you're saying and I'm sure people will be happy. Unless these "knock-off" makers have a time machine the fact that your design was stolen 5+ years ago when you placed your pictures online just recently doesn't add up. Also, for the "Engrave All" option, you are engraving a person's initials on each die. How would the dice be balanced then? You would be weighting the dice against the side with the initials. Are all the pips aside from the "one" the same size? Yeah, I have to say that what Klye is saying makes a lot of sense. How could these other sellers be selling knock offs when they have been selling them for longer than you have been planning your dice? I would really like to see your intermediate steps with pictures and concept planning. The same exact case for identical dice is a little too much of a coincidence. If you have a contract with a machine shop to do all this work for you in the US, then it should be pretty simple to prove that. It would also be beneficial if you were to upload a video of you using a dice balance caliper to show that your dice are properly balanced. Also, as a sub issue, if your aluminum dice are "perfectly" balanced accounting for the pips drilled in, then by coloring the pips, you are unbalancing the dice. Can you explain why you are using the EXACT photo from the <url>"Knock Offs"? They have been available to purchase for over 8 years! The carry case you claim is from your machine shop has been available with a set of 5 dice for over 8 years! They are the exact same thing your are claiming you are going to make here in USA! Instead of making statements, prove it with pictures or video of the dice being made! Show pictures of the colored pic you are just going to paint on the dice you are buying from china! Just admit you are just reselling an existing product and stop lying to yourself and your backers. But if you do post pictures of the manufacturing process or list your local machine shop I will eat my words. Until then my "Evidence" seems to be trumping your "Statements", "Claims", or in my opinon "Lies"! I'm out without proof they're made in the US. Way too many similarities between the dice. The timelines also don't seem to add up. Not sure how they'd have something for sale identical to your product well before you started to design yours. I suppose an easier way to show us they're yours would be to show us all the prototypes you made. Or products at each step during the fabrication processes. I'm not saying yours aren't original I would just feel much more comfortable having some proof. This should be easy enough for you to provide given the time and effort you've put into this project. Hi Michael Singletary, Are you sure you came up with this design yourself? If your product has been 100% designed in USA by a local machine shop then please list that Machine Shop and post photos/videos of them being manufactured. I believe that if I back this project I will be getting a 100% China manufactured product that you are simply buying yourself and shipping to backers. I don't believe this is your design since it has a face style of Asian dice : <url>