@Khaled, On the USPS site it does say Customs Cleared, but then right below it says "Does not meet customs requirements - Return to Sender"... We didn't get anything back, so I'm going to call USPS tomorrow and see if they can give me a straight answer on where the game is at. If this doesn't work we'll use a different shipper when we resend the game. Either way we'll figure this out and you will get your game, sorry it's taking so long, we'll make sure it's handled this week. @Khaled, I'll look into that for you and see if we can't figure it out. @Hon Sing Sim your copy is on its way, I'll PM you to make sure you have your tracking number. @Steven, Let us know how it goes! Anime Sucks-- thank you for being a gentle soul. I just ripped open mine. -Jason Heh, yeah tuck boxes are the worst. I think pinching the sides helped, either that or grabbing it with your teeth and tearing it open. @Hon Sing Sim I send out an update shortly, but in short, the games are sitting on the docks in LA waiting to be reviewed by Customs, our shipping broker says it'll be reviewed by the 26th then shipped to our warehouse. @Timothy, we've been working with our shipping broker. They manage receiving, and sending the game to our fulfillment partner in LA. We signed all their papers, verified that we're a legitimate business(which is also new for us!) and now we're waiting for the game to clear customs in China!, from the date it clears customs in China it should be on the ocean for a couple weeks before we get it. We'll post as soon as we learn that the shipment is on the boat, and again once it reaches US shores. @Hon Sing Sim We're waiting to clear customs in China, should be any day now. We'll update as soon as it happens. @Tim, you better believe it! We'll have an update shortly with the current state of things. We just wrote an update about shipping! Thanks for being supportive of our game. @Chris, we have lots of news to share. We'll update everyone this week! @Tim: We're working on a new update right now that we'll be sending out soon. Sorry for the delay. Thanks for answering your BackerKit early! We may release them at a later date as a separate purchase, if things were going really well for us, but they wouldn't be part of the Kickstarter delivery. We're still hopeful that we can make it in the final few days! Thanks everyone, we're excited to be so close to the finish! @Luke: Thanks Luke ! Thanks @Marc! @Matthew Kennedy: Thank you Matthew. Share it around. We are very excited about how quickly it's picking up steam! Thank you, Jason and Grant This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Not sure why my order is stuck in Canada since June 8, and cleared customs there, while I live in Dubai, UAE. info please. Thanks. Why I haven't got mine yet? Got mine here in Canada today. Can't wait to play this weekend! Mine arrived yesterday in the UK, seriously can't wait to play it! :D Got mine, looks great! Can't wait to play this weekend! Tuck box open! I grabbed a screwdriver, shoved it in the butt, pushed up to the mouth.. and pushed it open.... gently Got my cards today, really excited to play! Thanks for the great work guys! Can't... open... 8-bit.... tuckbox.... How excting! Received my deck today . Can't wait to play Cards are not here yet. Any news on shipping? Any word Are you shipping already??? Shipping? Awesome!! Can't wait :D So is the game still coming out? No updates since January. Soooo April? Love the update, and thanks for the good news. Still on schedule for March? Updates? My pleasure, and looking forward to the update! I can't wait to embarrass myself with this game. Any word on production? I haven't received anything for the Backerkit thing. Has anyone else? Yay! Wow, what a buzzer beater! Great end to a great campaign, congrats to Grant and to all of us for being the first wave of people to play and get the word out on a game that will take over CAH's dusty, **** laden mantle! Booyah! and someone joins the fray! w00t! 13,000 stretch goal completed! so close to that 13,000 stretch goal...so close <email> Looking forward to leaving stuff. The top pledger on humble bundle led me here! This game looks so fun! Glad I made it in before the cut. Just saw this on BWL, Holy crap this game is going to be fun! Glad I didn't miss this one. if the stretch goals aren't met, will the spite cards be available as an add-on? Congrats! Funded!!!!! Saw the link to this KS in Humble Bundle top contributors. Looks fun! I can see the finish line. Saw these guys at PAX and had a blast. Great game that I look forward to drunkenly playing with my friends! After PAX Prime, these guys gave me and my friends their entire booth. The blue bench is my loot. Hell yeah I'm backing this! Good luck at PAX Prime! Played it last night at the bar. Everybody joined in. Tons of fun. Good luck guys! #atrollbeingatroll The top contributor of the humble bundle led me here. Glad I found it Congrats on being the first project I've pledged towards. Hope you reach your goal; it's going strong so far. I've been looking forward to this Kickstarter since I first heard about the game. Good luck! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.