Hey all, We wanted to write in to say that we are sorry for the lack of communication from us to you guys as to what’s been happening. We are definitely still here and the project is not cancelled by any means. Our situation remains largely the same, where the team has been working second jobs (during the graveyard shifts) to keep maintain income, slowing development down to a crawl. Add onto the unfortunate circumstance that one of our team members had to take a break for a couple of months as a result of his grandmother suffering from a stroke (who has since recovered thankfully). With the slowed development cycle, a lot of what we’ve been able to work on is still at an internal only state. During the time we have been able to get into development, we’ve been working on the later level environments such as the dungeons and castle with work in progress look and feel, ready for polish to the level you’ve seen the game thus far. In addition to this, character related work (enemies, bosses and Jouren) are also being worked on (similar vein to the updates we’ve released previously). You guys deserve to be excited about this project and we want to make sure that when we push out an update it’s something to truly whet your appetite. This is a primary reason to why we avoided updates, we felt there are only so many times we can create “the update is still coming” posts before sounding like a broken record. Again we apologise for the silence and we’re sorry again about the February estimated release date, it was extremely premature and you guys have become justifiably upset. All we can promise is that development is still moving, even if its slowly and we do have renewed internal milestones that will hopefully help us stay on track given our new unusual work hours. Hey guys, Charles here, we're very sorry that there has been a lack of updates. We've recently picked up jobs (new and continuations of times mentioned previously) and some personal situations amongst ourselves needed attending too (family, medical, and financial). We're doing the best we can given the shortened available development time to get another update ready for you guys, so please hang tight and as always, your support is always very much appreciated! Hey jonathan, I know we promised some updates soon and we're REALLY sorry we haven't been able to deliver. However we are still working and haven't left you guys, your support means a lot to us. A few of our team members are currently tied up with other work, which doesn't let them finish off the good stuff you guys want to see. Once that is done and dusted, we should be able to get updates out much more regularly. The Red Knight Games website is currently undergoing an overhaul and we're cleaning up some of the level design for the first stage of the game as well as assets that will constitute the next version of the free demo for you guys to play once it's done :) Hey Seizui, updates should be on the way soon. There have been some recent code framework changes that have sped up the game considerably, but due to some limitations a large amount of the code has had to be altered to work under these restrictions. Since such a large amount of code needs to altered some extra time is being spent on rewriting and cleaning up some of it, rather than quick and messy edits that might potentially cause more issues. This has all unfortunately delayed a update we originally intended to have out already. Work on code updates should however be done in a few more days as there are only a few remaining code modules to update. Thanks for the kind words David! We are quite excited about the chance of a Wii-U release as well Joshua and you hit the nail on the head as that is exactly what we will be looking to do in our final update. We hope to implement something a little more integrated into the website soon such as a Humble Widget but a simple game pre-order Paypal button should do the trick in the meantime. We will be doing a stretch goal update in a few hours but just as a little sneak peak for the people in the comments section... we heard back from some of the people over at Nintendo and the Wii-U console port is being added to the stretch goals as one of the first possible tiers for you guys! Thanks for all the kind words everyone, we are just as amazed as you guys at the huge jump overnight. We wanted to take this chance to thank everyone for diligently following along with the campaign and for all of your very generous contributions, we wouldn't be here if it weren't for all of you and we will do our best to make you all proud. Also thanks for those site recommendations Caleb, a few of those weren't on our email list so we will be contacting them shortly! An official update will be posted soon with where we will be going from now and what will be happening in the next few days. Seizui is right, we still have another 8 days so lets do everything we can to make this campaign amazing! Thanks for the boost Arsene! We are doing everything we can to contact indie departments for consoles like the Vita, PS4, Wii-U and the 3DS. Sorry we haven't been able to give any clear updates on the console front but unfortunately the process of dealing with bigger corporations can sometimes take some time. Thanks Caleb we actually love Angry Joe so it would be amazing if we managed to get his attention somehow. We have been contacting as much games media as possible, so far we have gotten articles written about us by Gaming Blend and Rock Paper Shotgun with a few more on their way so we are really humbled and excited for the added attention! Is there anyone in particular that you would recommend contacting? Sorry for the mix up, we are reddit noobs, but the AMA is now currently live at the following address <url>"do I swing or not swing" choice. Game mechanics like that aren't final and might change or be split into separate mechanics if its more fun or allows for more balancing or level design, for example moving the length changing aspect to its own hanging surface but allowing for a much greater possible length. However, there are always situations to consider when altering mechanics, what if the player releases the grapple button immediately after hitting a swing? If a minimum swing distance is added to make that less sudden how does that then affect gameplay? As for the textboxes there will be text speed options once both the artists and I get to working on updating the menus. The later ones that don't stop movement I can certainly look at extending the amount of time they appear for, however they will always auto disappear as by design they need to be separate to what the player is doing and inputting. changing jump directions in the air is as slow as it is right now to give more importance to the choice to jump, if the player can alter their aerial momentum faster it gives much smaller consequences to an ill timed jump. Feedback like this is greatly appreciated and while not all gameplay mechanics are final there can be less apparent situations that can dictate available options. Thanks Jordi, we are glad you like the look of it, we are really excited about it too. Currently the poster is limited to the 100 issue run we are doing with the artist which is only available at that tier (as a way of retaining the exclusivity). If the initial run sells out and there is enough community support for a follow up then we might be able to organise a few more in a new and unique combo tier but the amount we would price that at is unclear at the moment. I hope that helps clear things up a bit. We are glad you guys enjoyed the last update and Jeremy, we will do our best to make sure that as many popular controllers are supported as possible, if the PS4 controller is in fact auto detected as a direct input device then that is exciting news! A new version of the demo is up, hopefully the new archive plays a little more nicely for Linux users, if not then let us know and we will get back on it until it's right. Still working on the rendering bug which causes the horizontal cuts to appear across the environment :) Hey Ultimoore, Programmer here to follow up on questions. the game should be able to be played at any resolution fullscreen but has to be set as fullscreen through the game options rather than any OS based command, and as in the previous post the pixel size also needs to be altered. auto setting the displayed pixel size based on screen resolution (and higher settings beyond 3x) is something I will be looking at doing soon. Detection of connected controller type is something I have planned but haven't touched yet. Custom setting of gamepad controls is already supported in the games code but will have to wait until we get around to updating the games menus. On the subject of bugs a new build fixing issues related to the 1up pickup should be out soon. I'm terribly sorry that one got though, its TypeID was unfortunately mis-set from its correct setting from previous builds. Also thank you so much for the kind words and the write up Ultimoore, we will be sure to plug it where ever we can. Just as a general note to everyone, the email to send any and all bugs to is <email>, we will incorporate it into the campaign description itself so that it is a little easier to find. Thanks for taking the time to sniff it out Ultimoore. Thanks for the heads up Ultimoore, we will upload a new tar.bz archive for Linux ASAP (hopefully along with a few other fixes and additions for all platforms). As far as gamepads go, at the moment we are only detecting a couple of specific gamepads, most predominantly Xbox360 controllers but as we move forward we want to try and find a more general way of handling various USB gamepads, so currently the truest experience you can get would be an xbox controller but we definitely have plans for more. Doing something like gamepad key binding would definitely help people customise their own experiences so it may well be a possibility. 1920x1080 is actually a great resolution to play the game at, but for the game to scale accordingly with the resolution, the pixel size option needs to be fiddled with. If you do have access to a 1080p monitor then we suggest playing full screen with a pixel size of 3 (which means that 1 art pixel is represented as 3x3 on screen pixels). Haha you are absolutely right Seizui, and we definitely don't want to ignore anyone who has been awesome enough to pledge towards our campaign so I just wanted to take this moment to say that you are all amazing! We are so touched by the reception we have been getting so far. Secondly a few of you have been mentioning console ports so I am glad to say that we plan to do everything we can to make console ports a reality; (and just quietly maybe some of those consoles are included in stretch goals yet to be revealed) we definitely intend to get in contact with the indie divisions of all indie friendly platforms such as Sony, Nintendo and OUYA to name a few. Lets do everything we can to try and bring Grapple Knight to as many screens and consoles as possible. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. After all this time, I believe an explaination of where the money went and why we aren't seeing final and maybe release what you do have. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. any news? This user's account has been deleted. I still want my money. Hi! I want my money back. 2 year Dev. This is ridiculous, it has been 3 years without an update. A refund will never happen, hope you enjoy the money **** bags. This user's account has been deleted. I reported the project as someone else mentioned since there is no communication from the creator. To dungeons deep and caverns old We must away ere break of day To find our long-forgotten gold. Is there still anyone here? No update for a loooooooong while... Right whats happened to this one? last update was mid last year WTF Far over, the misty mountains cold Is this still a thing? If by any chance you guys are having trouble with development may I suggest that you see the Sydney or Canberra AIE establishments or Universities? And work out a deal with them and give students a chance to work on a game intended for the market? Either that or apply for a small business Government Grant? Welp.... Did you die? kickstarter said they contacted the creator and spoke to them. but i don't know that that makes me sure anything is going on unless they can take 5 seconds out of their day just to say. "we are still working on it." Alright, this is getting ridiculous. Hey, to the 198 backers that have backed this and occasionally check here, I recommend doing a "Report this to Kickstarter" and select "Post-fund Communcations", or whatever the last one is. So sad coming to this site, looks like things might be dead now. I had really hoped this game would get finished. I just cant imagine supporting another game on kickstarter after this rather epic failure. I still have a slimmer of hope but realistically I believe otherwise. Maybe an update to let everyone know its over? ...Okay, this has been going on too long without an update. I think I am on the verge of asking for a refund. There has been no progress within the past couple of years. :/ Even though I haven't been involved in the project since the Kickstarter, I would still love to see them finish it. The game was still a lot of fun. For the record, I have offered them the background assets that I had already done for them. I don't know if they'll take the offer or not, but I hope that they try to show something off in an update sooner than later. ...and we are now at March. Wheee! 1 year mark. Thanks. I expect it will be worth the wait. Its November 22nd .How about an actual update?. Fair enough about issues outside this project but this project is well delayed and people are getting itchy feet. Hey, guys? Been quite a while! I am starting to get the feeling, too. :/ Welp, I understand the fact that things happen and situations change but it's approaching a year anniversary since the kickstarter started, even just a trailer to show of some of the art changes would be cool at this poinr but it's feeling more and more like a vaporware product. Ahh, I was just about to pop in to comment, too. Alright, gotcha. @RedKnightGames - You guys were doing good on updates for a while there, but it's been two months since the last one... Hope to hear something soon! Appreciate the team being in touch more lately. Digging the behind the scenes art / creation approach :D Well, the March update mentioned about the art director and environment art contractor. But... besides that, I am curious, myself. Whats actually the delay with this?. The goal was reasonably small, delivery due feb 2014. Its June (tomorrow) and there hasn't been an update since Feb 18th Can us backers get some form of approximate delivery date, or at the least a monthly report on whats happening?. REALLY PEOPLE? Not to sound like a jerk, but ANY sort of an update would be welcome right now, even if it is just an explanation of why we haven't gotten a update in a while, haha. I realize you're all probably working hard on this game, but communication is still very much appreciated :) I would like to know a likely release date as to when the game might be done. Also a bi weekly update would be appreciated. Some pictures and videos or something to show us backers what you have done and improved, as well as before and after pictures or before and after comparisons of all that has been done to this point and possible schedule breakdown of how you plan to proceed and how much longer you have. Any updates? curious about a UPDATE guys. Would love to be playing. Hey guys, any update coming soon? Congratulations guys! Congratulations, guys. z_z/ *thuds to sleep* Gotta disagree with the last sentiment. I highly anticipate a Wii U release, and hope the developers look into Paypal funding to reach that goal! This game looks like a Nintendo dream come true :D I think you should have re-arranged the stretch goals for better success. For example, the Bonus Stages should have been the 16 000 tier since nobody really care about the Wii U. Glad to be on board for a digital copy guys. Glad to help an Aussie project too. Congrats on reaching goal! Could I get the SNES controller as an add-on? If so, how much? Hey guys is there any possible way to get the snes controller in a higher tier? I originally was going to do face in the game but changed my reward to all physical (without lowering pledge amount ) after seeing you guys said it was only for physical. ..HOLY HELL, that is one hell of a jump. I was stopping by to check up on this for the night and I suddenly see ($10k) and I was like 'HOLY HELL'. So yeah, congratulations on making it. We have 8 more days to see how far we will get in the campaign. However, we are at least now funded. thats awsome! 1 person took the custom hero skin 3 thousand in one night how!!? omfg we did it nevermind aboutthat last guy he wont' take a random request... but he might take a business inquiry: BUSINESS INQUIRIES: Genna Bain // genna[at]cynicalbrit.com Tried ENB, VaatiVidya and Rurikhan, might push this past total biscuit since there's an open demo Youtube Channels that might be worth contacting <url>’ll come back with some. It’s nice to hear rock paper shotgun has got a hold of this game and gaming blend. Have you guys been talking to gaming media? I’m sure there’s plat former specialised games media that would cover this. I'll put This campain in the Angry Joe kickstarter forums and spread the word a bit. Hey. I like how this game looks. Sorry I don't have too much to give and I'm also not much of a PC gamer. If this ever made it to the 3DS, I would buy it without a second thought! This is gonna cut it close, I'm gonna try and signal boost this a bit. Greetings from canberra red knight I answered where you asked nearly 24 hours ago, but no response from you. It seems that you do not want the conversation you proposed.. I'm very disappointed with the last update. Not well designed stretch goals, and unrealistic amounts. At the speed that this campaing is going, they will be unreachable. 15K for soundtrack? Achivements for an extra 5K?? Double objective funding for only reaching more tracks and achivements, is by far uninteresting. Extra levels and bosses are good effords, but too far away. come on... Looking forward to this awesome game, I love side scrollers! Hey guys. It is good to see that the campaign is making progress so far. Granted, 17 days left and it's almost half-way funded. I will admit, I feel like part of the campaign may suffer from the music. There's something to it that... lacks a zest to really capture the attention of a player. Probably redoing some of the songs with more zest to it may add something to the feel of the game. I backed this because the graphics are awesome! The game is also scrolling really smoother. However, I don't particularly like some of the gameplay mechanics. Some of them are not intuitive, especially when swinging. If you ask me, when you're swinging, just release the swinging button to let go instead of using another button. And it takes a lot of time to turn around when in air. It's like taking too much momentum. Also, I would suggest display boxes to disappear after hitting a button, instead of closing after a short time. I wasn't able to read the most of them. There were some other aspect I didn't particularly like, but I guess the demo is in too early state. Good luck with the project! oh.. :_( but hey! the exclusivity has its price! :P what a piece of artwork this poster! excellent update, but one question @Red Knight, please. Will this poster be available through an add-on? There are several 100$ tiers, so if you're in one that is not the "adventure knight poster"...will you have the chance to get it anyway? And nearly 50%..great! I hope PS4 controllers will work out as well. I use mine for PC gaming as well and Windows 7 seems to detect it right out of the box as a standard USB game pad. The demo is awesome! :D @red knight games programmer, Great stuff, I love hearing back from the programmers as I get the best info on what is going on. Great work guys. wow! awesome new update! that amazing Megadrive box + that snes usb controller! you convinced me to jump to a higer tier! sorry for the triple post just found the bug report email address sorry for that. sending now. Also I i am aware that this game is in the very early stages. So I don't want to sound like a dick . But this was definitly worth my 95$. Hey Red Knight Games, Ultimoore from Rootgamer.com. I just tried the Demo runs great and a even better concept and I as a Linux gamer thank you for thinking of Linux as a platform to bring this game to.but I have a note on pachaging and some questions on gameplay from the demo. Packaging: Note that 90% of pc users use zip files. That is fine and dandy but on Linux you should package the game as a tar.bz2 for ease on all linux distrobutions. Gameplay: note about my setup. I am becoming a livingroom PC gamer and have gamepads to support this filthy habit (Its wonderful). I am using a Logitech F710 wireless gamepad (x4) and anyone who had used the F710 knows there is a switch ontop that allows 2 settings. 1. "D" = Direct Input (so the game reads the gamepad as a plain usb gamepad). 2. "X" = Xbox controller (I think you can figure that out). - Will players be able in the future to set the bindings for both USB and Xbox controllers? As I noticed a massive difference between USB gamepad settings and Xbox gamepad settings. -My res for my TV is 1920 x 1080 when I tried fullscreen the window expanded but the game did not. The Art looks Fantastic, The sound and music is great . This game does much more then give a feeling of nostalga , I really feels like I went back in time an I am that little kid again playing a great plaformer. This will be a great game for Steam Machines (wink) and Steam OS / Linux. Keep it up. TimeZONE, not timeline. Woops. Small note: it is a good idea to engage the audience, as it'll raise the interest and activity. Otherwise, prospective pledgers may lose interest. Mind, I know that you may have some serious timeline differences, but every bit helps! Yeehaawww This game looks like a interesting idea! I think this would greatly fit the ps vita. You should contact sonys indie dept! To begin with, I'm at the lower tier. Let's see what this game has to offer in the upcomming updates. and oh! I'm in for the Wii U port too! Let's hope you consider it! Interesting pixel-art game! It reminds me a lot of the old Actraiser snes game with the Bionic Commando hook. Thanks for bringing such great games on Linux! :) Oh man! I love good platformers and this one looks just amazing! First of all this game looks really interesting and seems to have a lot of potential and I really hope you guys get a lot of support for your Kickstarter. Secondly, I'm just hoping that you would aim even higher. This game would be awesome to port to various consoles, perhaps on Nintendo or the more indie friendly next gen consoles (maybe even OUYA). The Megadrive/Genesis box was a real tease, reminding me of PierSolar by WaterMelon, and if you don't have the know-how yourselves to make ports of the game a reality I guess you wouldn't have much trouble finding someone who could help you with this - all funded by the campaign of course. The gameplay feel seems like a 16-bit version of Shovel Knight, with gameplay elements of Bionic Commando/Hook Champ and Run Saber. If you're able I think you should consider revising your stretch goals and maybe look up options and costs of adding console ports to your Kickstarter. It would probably get more attention in the gaming community and reach out to a broader audience. Just an idea. Once again, I wish you the best of luck with your Kickstarter.