Hi John, Hmmm... A few emails did bounce, and I'm wondering if that's what happened. Can you email me at <email>? I'll send you a new key. Thanks! Howard @Rob, Hi Rob! Awesome, really glad you got the key! When you activate, is beta key the only thing that it says? Or is there a separate item on Steam library as well? I think the confusion right now is that Steam hadn't turned off the beta yet, so if you can wait until Steam does that, and try again, that would be great. Otherwise, I'll need to follow up with Steam. Thanks a lot! Howard @Nathaniel, yeah we are. It's going to take us time, and we're building it block by block. Right now, we've created the worldmap, different faction and town concepts, and written some of the story. After skirmish, we'll be working on co-op modes, and once that happens, we'll be abel to expand toward Adventure Mode. Hi Carlos, yeah backers should have gotten beta keys already. If you haven't, let us know and email us at <email>, and we'll send one out to you asap. Release date is now Oct. 29th. @Patrick, you should have gotten a beta key from us already. If not, let me know, and I'll send you a beta key right away. We had some issues with our email service, so some people didn't get their beta keys. For the retail copy, costumes, soundtracks, etc., we'll be sending them out shortly before release. And yeah, the release date has been pushed back. We wanted to reserve more time for polish, optimization, and fixes. @LiLo, not right away. We probably won't port the game as is, as the the hardware requirement would be a challenge and the control scheme isn't the best fit for touch right now. When we do port, we'll more likely create an experience that's connected with the overall game but more focused on a single aspect of gameplay. Thanks a lot! Howard Hi ORJTsukasa, are you still missing your keys? We had a bunch of trouble with the email server that we were using to send out big volume of emails. Sorry about that. If you are, please email us at <email>, I'll send you the keys right away. Thanks so much! Best, Howard @LiLo, Lol! Hi John, bummer! Sorry to hear that. You and everyone other Kickstarter backer can play in every beta weekend from now on with the same steam key. So no worries, we'll see you in game during the next beta weekend! @Josh, whew that took a while... Glad you got it! Alright! @Адриан Дабири - Yay! Wow that's awesome, thanks a lot! Not sure what's most convenient for you, paypal, check? Please let us know! @Deborah, alright! We're glad. Hi everyone, sorry we haven't sent them out just yet. We are troubleshooting some issues with the Steam server at the moment. As soon as we are ready, we'll be sending them out. Thanks! I'll post an update on rewards soon as well. Thanks everyone for being really patient. Good! Sketching through the log books, t-shirts and posters are both ordered and should arrive shortly. Art book being ordered. And USBs should arrive this week as well. All coming together! On Beta: Getting close! Working on Steam integration and getting the coming soon page up. We'll make announcements about a new trailer, more pre-ordering, and a site update in the next couple of days as well. @osmija, I know I know. We just need to work with Steam and work through integration, and it'll take a bit. Thanks a lot for your patience, and we will get there! For everyone waiting for beta, we're still working on doing this through Steam. We'll have update as soon as it is ready. Thanks! @ORJTsukasa, nope! We would definitely love to encourage communication between players and have people help us spread the word. So we would want the opposite of an NDA. We would want an VDA, a viral disclosure agreement, if possible. Hahaha, just kidding. But definitely not an NDA to answer your question. @Jon, yeah, we're working to set up the beta on Steam. Once that is ready, I'll let everyone know. And thanks everyone! @Mark Derail, ok, I added a note to get you another key. Thanks! @osmija, we should be ready in a few weeks! We are still working to get everyone on steam, and as soon as that's ready, then we can be ready for closed-beta. Hi John, great question, as long as you have an internet connection, you will be able to join a match with an AI crew. There will be match making in PvP. Thanks! Howard @Sherlock, gender is just customization choice, and it is not tied to class. Thanks! Howard Hi Mike, Noted! And thanks a lot for your support. Hope it will run on your computer, fingers crossed. As we go into beta, if you don't mind, it would also be a good case to see how the game performs with integrated graphics. Thanks again! Howard Hi James, this game expands on the original game in a lot of ways. IIt will finally have a PvP experience in combat, with different game modes, and multiple ships and crews fighting against one another. The ship will also be customizable. A player can play as captain, with captain license and can customize the ship and dictate combat tactics. We've already created 10 gun types, some close range, some long range, so the Gunner would have more guns to shoot with master. The engineering game has more depth, with more sequencing, perfect repairs, etc. There is also now a captain class. Aside from customizing the ship, the captain pilots, and is responsible for scouting enemies. Each class has skills that it can use in combat. Let me point you to the site for Guns of Icarus Online, and it will give you more detailed info: <url>"world" mode later that would include trading hubs, towns, and something akin to an MMO open world. Lastly, thanks for the Reddit idea! @Sunjay, thanks for asking! I should have mentioned this in the project or the rewards... We basically padded a little bit to cover for shipping, and I think we should be ok. But we didn't really do a close calculation on how much it would cost to ship to different places internationally. So if you don't mind adding a little bit to help us with the shipping cost, that would be awesome. But no worries at all. We should still be fine. @Andrew, it depends on the size of the ship. To start, you can have a ship with 4, and as you unlock bigger ships, you can have 6,8, etc. people in your crew. @Ken, yeah we will! Hope to see you there. There is no subscription! Hi John, thanks very much! Great question. In combat, only the ship gets damaged and not the players. The focus is on team collaboration and frantic action. Also, in PvP matches, your ship damages are also in match only. Howard Hi John, Great question. The costume will be the same for all tiers. We wanted to make the costume exclusive to pre-orders and people wanting to play the game at closed beta, and Kickstarter is the only place where we can offer pre-orders right now. If we can offer pre-orders on Steam, then we can include the costume as well. But regardless, we don't want to offer the costume beyond closed beta, otherwise, it won't be exclusive anymore. Thanks! Howard Hi everyone, we just made the log book and exclusive costume selections. Can you see it in our latest update. Thanks very much! Thanks a lot Marin! We are definitely looking forward to you guys help in testing to help us improve the game. Hi Marin, we are still aiming for March for players to start entering closed beta. Thanks Barel and Shu Sam! Hi Matevz! Definitely. We added a little bit of buffer to each item, but didn't really factor the postage amount to ship to each country internationally. We should be ok. If you want to help us with a few dollars extra to cover for shipping, that would be great, but if not, don't worry about it, I think we will still be ok. On the rest of the goodies, the USB I can only get a proof before I place the order. The place we want to use doesn't take one off orders or give us a proof before we commit to placing the order. But for the USB, I'm confident that it will turn out well! For the captain's log, I'm still exploring and trying to find more samples. So working on it, but haven't settled on the final one yet. We will need to decide on it soon though! Hi Philip, we are still aiming for March, and so far we are still on track. We need something to show people at GDC anyways, so we'll be working hard between now and March to get the game ready for people to try. Thanks a lot George! Really appreciate it. Hi Threevenge, ok no worries. If you pledge for more copies, I'll make a note and make sure you get them. Thanks! Thanks very much! Really appreciate it. Thanks Jesper! Have a gerat weekend by the way. Hi Jesper, we created the page on indiedb! It's still being reviewed by the site. I should take a few days. I'll check back again when the page is officially up. Hi Jeremy, Thanks a lot! Yeah the multiplayer of the original just wasn't good or where it needed to be, and everyone's criticism is totally right. We're definitely doing something about it in this game. Really appreciate your support, it's awesome. For specs, we have two GPUs in our office we are targeting for our min-spec. ATI Radeon HD 2600 PRO ATI Radeon HD 5450 If you have over 2GB of RAM and 2ghz processor or better, or if you can run Portal 2, you should be fine. And we'll do optimization work and allow you to turn some of the fancier stuff off if you need to. Thanks again! Howard Thanks a lot Arran! Yup, we've definitely played Air Buccaneers. You'll find some similarities between the two but imagine flying higher in the sky, bigger ship, bigger guns. If you enjoyed Air Buccaneers, we're sure you'll have fun in Guns of Icarus Online too! Thank you for your support! Yeah definitely Jesper. Great point and idea! We'll try to scramble for some time to create a page. Thanks a lot! Thanks very much Erik! Thanks for getting us over $6000. We'll definitely try our absolute hardest make this game great. Thanks Cristina! For the rest of the gift items, I'll try to post pictures of them asap. Hi Erik, yeah totally. If you go to the bottom of the project, you should see a photo of the t-shirt we took. We ordered a few for ourselves, and they turned out great. Confident that you'll like them. The posters as well, the quality turned out really well. Hopefully we get there soon! Thanks Patrick! Hi Ben thanks a lot. We've been trying! :) The forum is up at gunsoficarus.com by the way. See what you think. Have a good night! Hi Moonfish, no worries, we still have time. Thanks very much! If you can get the word out for us, that would be really awesome! Thanks a ton Charles! Hi Spencer, thanks so much! Really appreciate it! And really appreciate your pledge as well. Hope you have a great start to the new year! Howard Hi Benjamin, thanks a lot! We'll need to update the site more often! We're working on getting a forum up, so you'll be able to talk to us there. We'll also add more art work that we did recently. Best, Howard Hi Patrick! That's great. With all the support you've given us, with your ideas, suggestions, sketches, etc. We should definitely do something special for you! Howard Happy New Year everyone! Thanks for all your support thus far! Thanks Jason! We'll focus on releasing the PC and Mac versions first. We've planned for web, and we'll try to get the game on PSN, but these will be later, and it would take more time and effort. Hi Matevz, Thanks very much! Yeah, we can definitely do something for you. I'll create a new pledge item bundling the 2 together, and you can just select that one if you like. Please give me a few days to make that. When I create the item, I'll message you to let you know. Thanks again, best, Howard Hi Daniel, thanks very much! If you can check out our new FAQ section at the bottom of the the kickstarter page or the gunsoficarus.com site, we'll try to get all your questions answered! We'll be updating both places more as well. Ok noted! I'll try to add a new pledge item. Please give me a bit of time to do that. Thanks! We've added an FAQ to answer some of your questions. Hi Matthew, thanks so much! We'll be posting more stuff here as well. As soon as we have more weapons working, we'll be able to have more footages of them. Same problem here, I'll send you an email. Thanks for your work. Hi Guys, Still no sign of my key, are they being released in batches? Frustrating knowing the game is launched and I can't play! Thanks John Hi guys, Received my retail key (awesome) but when I activated it on Steam, it has activated as a Beta key -- ?? Should I give it another day or so and try again ?? I'm in the UK, so it's not midnight in the States yet I don't think, Thanks guys, Rob Are you guys still planning on eventually building the giant world you talked about early on (Adventure Mode), or are you stopping here with the Skirmish-type stuff? Also, we will be receiving access through steam, correct? I can't remember if you specified that in the updates. Curious about getting access to. Steam says it's released 28th of October, has the release date been pushed back? When will the eligible backers get a key for the game? Day of release? Guys, any chance of seeing an iOS port coming along at some point? Hey guys, I never got any beta keys? I was supposed to get two and never received them.. Nevermind, just found the update saying we'll get them through steam. Got home from travelling to find the penstick waiting for me. Noticed the game and soundtrack are not on it. Don't know if I missed an update or anything, but are we still getting a copy of the soundtrack? Got my Captains Log Notebook today. Looks A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Only problem is that my wife wants to steal it and make it her own Super bummed- my computer epic crashed last week and I didn't get it up and running until this morning. Hope everyone else had fun in the closed betas though :( Recieved my poster today...its pretty awesome! No, no. You guys are awesome! I would like to pay via paypal. Keep up the great work. Got the captain's log. Love the sketch by Eugene Chu. Cheers guys. I would also like to pay the $10 postage if it's possible. Got my T-shirt! I love it! Nevermind. For some reason I thought the weekends were consecutive. Has anyone received their codes for beta weekend 3 yet? Never got a code, Disregard previous comment. I got it. :) I think I'm a bit daft. Where do I actually download the game from? Alas I was given my code the same weekend GW2 had its first open beta event. Any update on the steam codes? any update on te steam codes? Still waiting for steam code :< thanks for the update I was wondering. and I did get the same email for this weekend too, but no steam code yet I haven't received my steam code too I have gotten the email for the beta test this weekend and i still did not recive my steam code Nice to see GOI Online on Steam's upcoming list! Looking forward to testing it. How are the rewards coming along? I was checking earlier, thinking it's about time we got the next update! Let's just say I fell asleep, and the update came right after =P. Is beta up yet signed up to kickstarter just for this ! Oh sorry for double posting, but just wanted to add that choosing to work with steam is one great choice. I bet you guys won't regret this decision! Heh, it's considered one of the worst periods of time for a gamer - Awaiting the release of the game! I would say "Haste makes waste", but goddamnit where's our game! Haha! Just kidding (Not kidding about wanting our game though). fair enough. cant wait to get my hands on it and play with my friends, even if itll be on US servers :) any update on beta progress? @Muse Games Great. Looking forward to streaming it then when things get moving! Will there be any NDA? hows things moving along? do i need steam to play the beta When will beta begin? Congratulations! We knew it would exceed the pledged amount, but seriously so much more than expected! Can't wait for the game, really! Congrats guys. Looking forward to the beta. Congrats guys! Trying hard to patiently wait for the beta :-) Congratulations guys. I can't wait to play this with my friends. Congrats! I hope that choosing the 10$ level and paying 20$ will give me two keys... Hey simultaneous funding to GoIO and the Order of the Stick Reprint Drive ! My Bank account won't like it :-) Success! 300% funded! I played Guns of Icarus when you first put it out on steam ages ago, and this looks 1000% better! I am pumped for this! Congrats guys, now make this game so I can play it for hours and hours :D Congrats on your funding, you guys did awesome! I was pretty tempted to grab that bullet-shaped USB drive, you should definitely have these ready to sell at any conventions you go to, I would buy one in a heartbeat :D Mike you should try making a separate kick starter for your wife then you will be able to get it twice Hi, Really looking forward to this game. I had wanted the $20 pledge for 2 games for me and my wife, but it's sold out. I pledged $10, and thought maybe I could do it twice. But that doesn't seem possible. If I add $10 to my pledge can I get a 2nd digital copy. Thanks Dang, I wanted to be the thousandth backer. Ah well, I guess I will have to make due with 1,005. Thanks Muse Games, it looks fantastic! I enjoyed the original and am excited for this one. Out of curiosity, is the game going to be all group content or will there be solo content for when you can't get a group together? Sure, I'll be happy to let you know how it performs. It might not be very representative of the same hardware on Windows though, since I'll be going through WINE. Sometimes it's a little faster, often it's somewhat slower - kind of a crap shoot. Is it posible to get the T-shirt for the captain and crew pack? or that would involve to give 4 shirts or 4 posters to each member? 4 copies for LAN gaming nights! Thanks for putting up that option. Is character gender tied to class, or is it part of character customization? (I'd prefer the latter, if it's still up in the air.. uh, no pun intended) Just pledged $20 and I'm reasonably sure I won't even be able to run it - that's how cool this looks. I've got a double-whammy working against me - the computer I spend most of my time on is a pretty powerful laptop, but it only has Intel integrated graphics, and I run Linux so I'd have to run it in WINE anyway. So the more settings you can give me to dial down the graphics the better I'll like it. ;) Still feel very good about supporting work of this type and quality. If all else fails and I can't get it running I'm sure I'll have friends interested in a donated copy. Sorry slightly confused, what is different between this release and the may 2010 one? could of been mentioned before but im slightly confused. Is this Guns of Icarus 2 ? If not then I am very confused because as previously stated there is already a GOI listed on steam for a mear £3.49! Hello, I have to say that I fell in love with what you guys are doing as soon as I chanced by it while browsing the video game projects. This is exactly what I've always wanted to see done in a game! I only learned about previous games in this style after looking into this some more and I regret not having had a chance to play them online. Quick questions for the development crew: This will be a retail game, correct? As in a one time purchase sort of thing? If so, what kind of price are you aiming for? I can see this easily going for $20~30 on steam but I'd like to know what you guys were planning in that regard (I have some friends who are interested in pledging but for one reason or another cannot use Amazon and so would have to wait for the release.) How will the online be handled? Will this be dedicated server based or peer to peer? Will you guys aim for hubs or will the gameplay completely take place in the skies during battles? How many players/player controlled/airships are you guys aiming for per server/instance/area? Will there be massive battles or will they be more controlled and focused bouts? Also, I don't know if it's been suggested yet or not but I think you guys should try doing an "IAMA" over on Reddit. Reddit always love learning about indie developers, their experiences, and their work. I know there are thousands of people there who would love to play a game like this. It would be great publicity for your studio and your project. Give it a shot. :) quick question~ will we have to pay extra for international shipping? I apologize if this is a stupid question but is it possible to add more FIRST MATE packages? I kind of want to get this game for one of my friends as well. Keep up the good work and love how the game is looking so far! How many can you have in your crew on the airship at once? Two questions: Will you be at PAX? What kind of subscription model will you be using? Oh, the things I'd do to get the FIRST MATE reward... Will there be a galley on board to heal after fights? You got my 40$ looking forward to the game. My friends and I want to own the Skies! Hey, hoping to see a nice end spike in the last days :-). And I hope the games that are quite visible, being on the front page etc. (like GoIO) are going to get a little bump from new people who came to the Kickstarter train with the Double Fine Adventure game incredible pledge (more thant 25 000 backers in less than 24 hours) :-) @Howard Thank you for the super quick reply! Looking forward to accidentally falling off a flying boat in the near future. Just wanted to say that this is the first KickStarter project to which I've pledged some of my scarce funds. You guys obviously have lots of talent and a great idea on your hands. Looking forward to getting in-game myself. Good luck, folks! Are the exclusive costumes different per pledge tiers, or are they all dedicated 'kickstarter' exclusives of one style? Also, will they be available to non-backers in the future? Just curious. :o Selkcip was the 500th backer! I'm sure somewhere that is quite a prestigious honor. :3 Hi! My pledge didn't include a soundtrack. Is there any way to add/purchase it separately? Looking forward to the game! :) Ps. this is much more cool Steampunk airships I wish i had more money to pledge to you guys. I dont even care about the rewards. This is a game i have been waiting for since i have seen the Star wars galaxies space combat. Same as this but just in space. Woohoo! I'm sure this'll be as good as the hype! :D Can't wait for Beta. :3 (Been watching pledge count get closer to 20k... It's better then TV! @_ @) This game is going to be fun, i hope you guys do a great job and im looking forward to do some beta testing to help this be one of the recognized online games in a see of online games, :D :D :D Can't wait for the Beta :D!!!!!!! When is the beta soposed to come out? Hey Muse Games :) I have to say the game looks FANTASTIC!!! I pledged $20, and I want to wish you good luck. Looking forward the game, Barel from Israel :) Why have I not commented yet? This looks amazing. I backed this on first sight. Looking forward to the beta! I happen to have two more questions for you. The first one concerns international orders, ie. how you are going to handle them and do we need to pay extra for the shipping costs? Second and I know you're busy, how's progress going on the rest of the goodies? Can you give a ballpark estimate as to when we'll get to see how they look? yay i have birthday in march. i may have to think about donate 40¤ sorry but when do the beta release @cross Agreed... I can't wait. If I visit this page any more then I might start pledging more than i can afford. Wow this looks amazing! Just pledged the captain and crew as me and my friends would are all really excited about this :D Hey, quick question: I'm currently signed on at $25, but I have a few friends that I'd like to get copies for. Is there a possibility of tacking on an extra $10 to get additional copies? I'd go with the Captain and Crew option if I wasn't so selfishly wanting one of those posters ;P Congratulations again guys! Be proud of the awesome work you've put into this game so far! This could be the next big title, Indie or not. I await March in utmost anticipation! Congratulations on achieving your backing. Look forward to seeing the result. Keep up the hard work guys and I'm sure this will be a hit! @Jeremy Loscheider Me and my friend play the steam Guns of Icarus, TheTraveler is my username, add me if you want :) Great! I look forward to following your updates from there, and I'll be sure to point a few people your way :) ALMOST THERE! *Falls over in excitement* I bought the Steam version last year and was playing the other day for some stress relief, and thinking it was such a shame I could never seem to find other players online because I could really use some help on the ship against these confounding air pirates. Lo and behold ... I wish all at Muse games absolute success. The story is awesome, the gameplay fierce and intense, and even the 2010 version looks great. Any word on specs? I doubt the new version will still run on my old HP. I'm really liking this concept. In for the $40, 4 copy deal, would be an awesome game for me and my friends!. I was wondering, have you guys ever played Air Buccaneers? It was a mod for UT2k4 way back in the day and this game has some vague similarities. Anyway, you guys are definitely making the goal, good luck on your development! This looks awesome! pledged more or less within half an hour of finding out about it, sounds perfect! Trying to persuade a friend I game with to pledge as well but he's notoriously fickle when it comes to these sort of things, luckily enough I pledged for the 2 copies so I do of course have back up plans... :P Looking forward to watching this develop anyway guys, i think hopefully you have the kick starter in the bag and so for the moment i can only wish you good luck! Just found out about the original GoI a few weeks ago, I got it off steam, and now I am totally sold on the airship combat thing. I noticed you guys don't have a moddb.com page. I think it would help the game reach a larger indie friendly audience if you made a page there. Many indie games have their base of operations on moddb, and many gamers, such as myself, regularly check in for updates on projects there. Or if that's not a priority, I could do it for you, with your permission of course. Because this game might just be waiting to fill that multiplayer combat niche that people never knew they craved :) Anyways, good luck! This is THE GAME I've been waiting for in all my life I love both steam- and dieselpunk and airships in special is one of the most epic things in the world I wish you the best of luck! This user's account has been deleted. Hey was just wondering, can you guys post pics of the t-shirts/posters? You guys are more than halfway there and theirs still 42 more days to go! :D If I was a gambling man I would say that Guns of Icarus will make its Kick starter amount :) 2,000 Dollars in two days is allot of money. Muse Games get the word out! Captain and Crew for the win. I'm not sure if we can actually achieve $10k at this point though. Really a great game but looks like the fans aren't rich like myself... Will try to advertise about this too. Do not get VBulletin for your Forum Software - Use this it is 100% free <url>