@ Joseph Litherland: We recommend that the front tire is inflated to 60 PSI (4 bar) and the rear ones to 50 PSI (3.5 bar). Keeping the tires well inflated will greatly reduce rolling resistance thus taking less effort to ride, while in the same time reduce the risk of puncture from a pothole. @ Ulrich: Nice pics , even better videos :) You look like a pro already! Is it really your first try or you've been playing with it for the past hour before making the video? I'm asking because most of the first timers that we had so far need at least half an hour to do the things you're showing. If it's really your first time you are a natural :) Congrats! @ Cyrille Martin: The issue you're experiencing can be easily fixed by adjusting the two little screws on top of the rear truck. You can do so with the hex keys that came in the box. Try to tighten them a little, one at a time to see how it affects the behavior of your halfbike. @ Michael Cooper: From our experience DHL is a very reliable partner when it comes to shipping internationally. The only downside I can thing of is the higher cost compared to some of the other carriers. But that doesn't really apply to you since we'll cover the cost of shipping anyway. As to the import taxes they are based on the value of the item being imported and should stay the same regardless of the carrier used. If you insist on using another company I can try to arrange it. Cheers! @ Josh Gilbert: I hope the end of summer doesn't affect your enthusiasm. We really hope there'll be plenty of warm days this autumn so all of you can enjoy your new halfbikes. You should receive yours within a couple of weeks from now :) @ Michael Cooper: We'll use DHL for the international orders. We would like the halfbikes to arrive in a timely manner after the manufacturing delays despite the additional shipping cost. The declared value for each bike would be the amount pledged. Hi everyone! It's been a while since our last post :( We are even feeling a bit ashamed from taking such long absence. The T-shirts and stickers are finally on their way which leaves just the Halfbikes :) We've just posted an update explaining what we've been doing lately so if anyone is interested he may check it out. We are also trying to post somewhat regularly on Facebook so you also may have a look there every once in a while to see how things are going :) Cheers! @ Maria Pankova : Thanks! @ Ulrich G. Meier : We would like to see more videos too :) We'll see what we can do about it. @ James Seng : Don't worry :) There is a two week window to collect the pledges from all backers. Plenty of time for them to verify your account. You should receive instructions from Amazon how to fix your pledge. Thank you all !!! We'll be back shortly once we come to our senses :) @ Tsvetan Tsonev; Edward Chan : Thanks so much! To both of you. We are quite close indeed. @ Ulrich G. Meier : I got in touch with Paul from Double O to see what is the best way to fit it to a Halfbike. We'll see what he comes up with so stay tuned. @ Tenko Nikolov : Hooray, and thanks! @ Antti Veko; Stephen Pollei; Ulrich G. Meier : Thanks so much! We are indeed touched by your seemingly endless enthusiasm and support! @ Ulrich G. Meier : That's great! We hope you enjoy your new Halfbike and thanks for your support! I'll send you a T-shirt as well :) @ Ulrich G. Meier : Great suggestion! We will certainly fit an integrated chainguard (I know it's missing on some of photos in the campaign but it will be mounted on all Halfbikes) @ reworked : Thanks! We are very pleased that you decided to join! @ Ulrich G. Meier : I wouldn't say riding a Halfbike is exhausting but it certainly is a good exercise. Since you regularly ride a bike switching to a Halfbike shouldn't be a problem. Riding anything more than 2-3 miles does break a sweat. It's great if you want to do a little workout though. All rewards include international shipping so we can send it to Switzerland at no additional cost. This is Halfbikeeeeeeee! As things are running tight towards the end and there are exactly 300 backers I just couldn't help it :) <url>#4 though. Currently the brake is on the rear wheels so no need to worry when doing downhill. As far as the price is concerned I really don't see how even an entry level model could possibly cost less than only the rear truck does now. We'ill give our best to drive the price down once production scales up but we are in no way willing to outsource the production to some Chinese factory just to make it cheap. @ Ray Knight: The automatic hub does sound great. The problem is that the hub changes the gear based on how fast the wheel rotates and the ones we found so far are designed to shift at 9-10 mph when used with 26 or 28" rims. Ours is 20" so it will shift earlier because of its smaller circumference. This practically means that it will shift when you reach 5-6 mph. We are still looking for a hub that will be a better fit so stay tuned. @ Josh Gilbert: Josh looks like that the "community of oddballs" prefers sending messages instead of leaving comments. I really feel than now I type twice as fast compared to the beginning of the campaign :) We are just preparing an update regarding pretty much all that's been suggested so far so stay tuned ;) @ Michael Cooper: It is 40 x 16 x 51 in. (100 x 40 x 130 cm) there is a chart containing all specs of the halfbike about halfway down the page. @ VICTOR SKULICZ: the retail price of the Halfbike depends heavily on the outcome of the campaign. We don't have a exact figure yet but initially it will at least match the price here. As for the big reward most of the money will go toward paying for the trip itself. If we planned on including a share we would have mentioned it. @ Mark Sunday: we'll be expecting a photo then :) Hi Bradley, all expenses paid should be read as: All travel expenses, accommodation, keep him occupied with activities he hopefully likes and we promise to feed him well :). Starring in a video (We would be making a short video covering the trip and it would be great if he wants to take part. Since he will be the first official Halfbike user sharing his experience is something we are looking forwards to) But most of all we'll try to make the trip so it fits him. Going around town on a Halfbike and seeing people's faces, meeting local bike communities, are just some suggestions we thing could be a good start of an awesome trip. We'll try to keep him out of those casinos though :) Hi Ray, you are right! The hub does have a freewheel indeed. We still need make some tests to see how it works but stay tuned. It looks good and I think it has a standing chance. Hi Martin, I just did a little research and it turns out that the hub you proposed has coaster brake. I knew it sounded too good to be true. It's great to have gears, but you also need to be able to paddle backwards as well. It's handy when you need to adjust the pedals to a comfortable position. Furthermore we don't want to put a front brake because of the short wheelbase and relatively high center of gravity. Hi Martin, thanks! That is a great suggestion. We should seriously consider recruiting you and Lauquin Jean :) One of the main reasons we rejected most of the different gear systems was because of all the added complexity that came along with them. The one that you proposed seems to fix all that. We need to test it first though. Hi Jean, thanks for the great suggestion! We'll definitely think how we could do it without sacrificing either the Halfbikes simplicity nor the price. Hi Andy, great suggestion. Since the very beginning we've been thinking of ways to make it fold-able without sacrificing it's simplicity though. It's something that we are still working on and you should be among the first to know if we get there. Thanks again for the great idea! Hi Peter, Riding is quite smooth (if ridden over decent pavement) and mimics low impact style running. I assume it should be good for your back though I'm not a specialist. Sorry for not being more specific but I don't feel competent to give medical advice. Hi Johan, you are right that a hub gear could facilitate climbing steeper slopes, but only to a certain degree. The Halfbike is not really made for climbing steep hills. As long as the T-handle is concerned the rider will intuitively try to twist in order to turn like he would on a normal bike and Halfbike works by leaning. So we feel that the handlebar is better off like it is now. Hi Josh, great questions. The height of the handlebar is not adjustable but we will pass a survey among all backers and will ship their Halfbikes with a handle corresponding to their height. The optimum hight/weight range is mostly a matter of personal feel and comfort. We've tested the Halfbike with riders with various height and we can put the comfort range somewhere between 5' 2'' and 6' 4''. Very tall riders (more than 6' 4'') seem to find it a bit awkward. The same applies to the rider's weight. Someone heavier than 220-230 lb will find it less comfortable. But again these are just some approximate guidelines. It is suitable for both recreation and exercise the only difference being the rider style. You can take it easily or really put some effort. Hi Martin, We expected the US and the EU to be our main markets and as we already said we believe in local manufacturing, so yes the Halfbikes for EU backers will be shipped from within the EU and respectfully US backers will have theirs shipped from the US. We wanted the Halfbike to cost the same and be equally accessible for backers regardless of their location so that is how we intend to do it. Thanks for the tip Kristina! Honestly riding downhill is a blast. It feels so smooth and relaxing. Similar to skiing actually. Going uphill is alright as long as it is a gentle slope but if it gets too steep I'm afraid that you may need to walk it :( Thanks for the idea Antti! Looks that the Trigger Bell will be a great addition to a Halfbike indeed. We'll keep an eye on their campaign as well. All rewards include worldwide shipping. We want them to be equally accessible to all backers regardless of their location. This user's account has been deleted. Yay, got mine today! Now to find my helmet. What is the recommended psi (in lbs) for the tires please? The front feels a little flat. Just got mine today. Boy is it hard to learn new tricks at my age. What a workout! Great work guys its a joy to ride. Well done guys. Very good project - just wish I had had enough money to buy one? Is there any where one can try it out in London? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Hi received it next monday, I was in holidays, so I just picked up thursday. Cleary it takes time to manage the halfbike but it's fun !! I have the feeling my halfbike is turning on the right, do you have the same behaviour? Thank you Kolelinia for your project ! Woohoo! Just got a shipping notice! Thanks guys, can't wait!!! This user's account has been deleted. Nice! Where are you located Ulrich? Did you get a shipping notice? This user's account has been deleted. Hi, From my experience DHL's shipments always undergo inspection and taxation (and DHL's handling fees are steep!) whereas others' do not. If other carriers are cheaper then we both win. Please let me know if you can use another carrier. Thanks! Hi, It is my (bad) experience that shipping with DHL always incur the highest import taxes and also handling fees compared to other carriers. I've backed numerous projects and found similar comments regarding DHL specifically from fellow backers. Is it possible to use a different carrier? Fedex, UPS and so on? They also offer fast delivery and usually rates are pretty much the same. Disclaimer: I, or anybody in my family do not work for any international carrier :) Great news guys! Which carrier will be used to ship the orders internationally? What will be the declared value? The weather is starting too cool off so I'm excited to get pedaling - any update on shipping? Got my T-Shirt, thanks! I hope you can start the mass production of the half bikes soon :). This is a great project. cheers This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Amazon seem to suspend my account pending verification of my identity. I have submitted the information needed to Amazon but still waiting for their action. In the meantime, is there another way to get the money to you guys? This user's account has been deleted. Congrats guys! :-) I'm glad the campaign was successful!!! There's going to be a lot of celebrating. We're so happy for the whole team. John and Maria YEA!!! Congratulations, Kolelinia! WAY TO GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! John and Maria This user's account has been deleted. Congrats ;) Amazing, I am truly happy! Congratulations in meeting the goal!!!!! Up 15 from me as well! I've just increased my t-shirt to $40 and now you are only one halfbike away from the goal! Good luck!:) Donated $899 and hopefully this is success, meanwhile, is that Double O a water-proof design? Just send out this question to Paul and waiting for answer as well. Besides, is there more colour choices such as matt black? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I'll make sure you guys pledge your sum. Just gave 899 and will have a colleague to do the same. We're almost there! This user's account has been deleted. Upgraded my halfbike pledge with 25$. Hey backers. Let's give this project final push it certainly deserves! I just went up to $1250USD from $950USD . So I increased at least $12. This user's account has been deleted. Not long to go, best of luck and hope you can make it the rest of the way! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. After a lot of consideration, I've upped my pledge! I think this is a great project - the development of new modes of urban transport can only be a good thing - will be very interested in following the development of this project and also seeing the new ideas that are born from the process! Good luck towards reaching the goal! Go Bears! Come on let's do it, almost there! As a retired aeronautical engineer, the elegant simplicity and functional focus of design was immediately apparent to me. I'm honored to be with a $899 pledge and am now going to up it another $100 as my way of encouraging your efforts. I look forward to success!! I really hope that this campaign succeeds. It seems like the project would be just as possible with 95%+/- of it's funding. Frustrating that Kickstarter doesn't have anything in place that would allow for some sort of vote/agreement to be struck between backers and projects owners agreeing to move forward despite not hitting absolutely 100%. Or some way for the project owner to lower their goal amount at the last minute to allow for it to succeed... I'm sure that if those things were in place, someone would find a way to abuse that. But I really don't want this one to fail. How much do you really need to make a bike like this? I would be able to do it for $1000 all in, using scrap metal. I am suspicious that the funds are being misappropriated and would like clarification in this regard. Its always easy to spend someone elses money :) I'm interested. I assume you have all these in mind, but here are my requests: 1. compact, collapsible, carry on a plane, backpack-able 2. optional (swappable) treadmaster instead of pedal and crank 3. granny gear for climbing San Francisco streets 4. rear wheel brakes (not keen on downhill in the wet with a front wheel brake.) 5. rain fenders to suppress tire spray in the wet 6. optional very wide wheels for off-road (ish) especially grass, sand Thinking about folding, while I like it light and rigid, I wonder if a pivot under the steering arm might also allow for folding and suspension with a coil-over shock between the rear fork arms. The steering arm could be a telescopic rod, adjustable for rider height and preference. I think riders will want handlebars to be able to balance and put power into the pedaling. Not to get too far along the design arc, but it looks like a platform suited to an auxiliary electric drive with regenerative braking, etc. Something borrowed from electric skateboards would likely integrate into that rear truck and wheel assembly. Maybe a wider rear track for "novice" riders and a narrower rear for easy street riding and riders wanting different handling? As far as price point goes, for the simple "treadly" design, I'm guessing an entry level model around $199 would bring the (crucial) widespread early adopter population and usage that these alternate-bikes (invariably) fail to achieve. If the real price point is $800 or higher, as suggested by the pledge prices, this will be a hipster gadget for a few geeks, which is fine, but it would be great to see these things stacked up (in their folded, backpack configuration) in the foyers of buildings and under the feet of train commuters, et al, all around the world in their millions. In any case, good luck! Of the two hubs suggested I think I like the idea of the automatic one more. @Lauquin Jean But I've never used a geared hub like these before so I really don't know. Seems like kick shifting would interrupt the pedaling process...am I wrong? Really hoping this campaign succeeds so I can use this as my daily commuter. Though, it may have to compete with my OneWheel for that role. Been seeing all sorts of good press/articles on this, so fingers crossed. Any info on the dimensions of the halfbike? Surprised to see there isn't more conversation going on in here - wonder why over 200 of us are so quiet? Seems like Halfbike should make for a pretty cool community of oddballs. Guess all that matters is that word is continuing to get out - not a whole lot of time left. Any update on either the folding aspect brought up down below or the kick shift hub? @KICKSTARTER - thank you for the info. Can you confirm the cost of the contribution on the basis I pay for my own trip. THANKS. I think $7,000 is too expensive for a weekend away with no equity. But I like the project, thanks. I plan on affixing a stick horse into the grip, and riding around Jackson Hole like a grinning idiot! Hi, I am interested in this project, and even the higher donation of $7,000. Can you please tell me the estimated cost of this bike when it comes to market? For $7,000 is there a share in the business? Thanks. He can get his own plane ticket and stuff. He can have the bike, the expenses go towards my fun though. :) Just did the $1 pledge to comment, I may up it later after I talk to my mom so that we can maybe split it and get my dad one. He likes to run, but his knees are getting bad from the impact, and I think it'd be pretty hilarious seeing him in this self-powered Segway. That and it'd be good for him, and if he liked it I'd see less of him :). And as for the trip, by all expenses paid, does that mean many nights out on the town and lots of money spending is covered? And what about shopping? Probably easier in english : <url>€ Upon further research, it looks like Sturmey is re-using their PDF from the S2C (C for Coaster Brake). The S2 as linked previously does not have this brake. Just to follow up on Lauquins suggestion. What about a Sturmey Archer S2 Duomatic hub. It's 2-speed, freewheel and changes between its gears by pedaling backwards (kick shift). Very simple and available for < 100$. <url>"drag" around when not riding. You guys should think about it~ Would it not be possible to incorporate a hub gear to assist on steeper slopes? Also, just curious as to why you don't have a small T-handle? Just wondering if the height of the handlebar is adjustable at all, or if there is a specific height range/weight the Halfbike is best suited to? Also, as far as exercise - is this more geared for recreation and fun, or could it be used as a sort of cross training piece of equipment? Only ask because "Sunday morning in the park" and "short distances" seem to downplay the workout factor. That said, it is one sweet looking machine! Thanks for clarification :o) Kolelinia seems to be located in Sofia/Bulgaria. Where are the Halfbikes shipped from? I hope you plan to ship the Halfbike from Bulgaria to EU backers and from Tucson, AZ for everybody else. The halfbike doesn't only seems as cool to have but also as a great multi-muslce-groups trainer especially compared to a normal bike. I guess that could be yet another very strong selling point especially for office people stuck on their chairs for 8+ hours. I just wonder how easy and respectively safe it is to ride it up and down a hill and whether you have thought of including a small storage compartment...like for a small shopping bag or a girls handbag? As a backer of both these inspiring projects, I hope I can mount my trigger bell to my halfbike later on this year, when projects are successfully funded and ended. Just wondering if You would like to do kind of transatlantic co-operation and combine a bit those two innovations? Trigger bell would be good addition to halfbike I think. Great project! Hope to be riding one soon Is international shipping included? Is halfbikes for backers in the EU shipped from the US?