Thanks for commenting about Almond+, it looks like a really great piece of hardware and in the future we will likely look into integrating with it, and possibly even replacing our base station with it. It is quite a bit more expensive than our base and all the details on integration have not been released yet, so only time will tell. Lots of updates in the works, including hardware upgrades and pictures of our pre-manufacture run of the product. Stay tuned. Hi Dani, Answered via email regarding the reward levels. Gareth, Good Idea. I don't want to spam there, so if you're a member please cross post it :) Jesse, Thanks! I don't have any plans for making anything homebrew specific -- at the moment -- though I do want to expand the line of stations. First things first -- delivering on the rewards and polishing the existing line. Great idea though, I hope the community takes advantage of the open source nature and capitalizes on it. Till! Thanks! You're a part of it! Erik, Wooo, WiFi plans fell through, sketching up a couple ideas on a new 50k reward level RedRum - Better late than never :) Thanks! Peter - Thanks again :)! Gareth - :)! Thanks Karl - I'm looking into this ... it would be some extra development work, but I know there are a number of people that would like to see this both in the UK and US. Caleb - Awesome -- I'd love to see this spread to the medical community in those states. Please pass on the word in your social circles and grower community :) Each unit only has one moisture sensor, but assuming uniform water, soil, and plant type / stage of growth -- they should consume roughly the same amount of water. You really don't need a moisture sensor for EACH plant. Just each "crop" of differing plant/soil type Raleigh, Since all the reward levels get +1 sensorstations you're actually getting a base and four sensorstations. If you'd like to upgrade to the $199 level you can pick a sensorstation+ as your mix n' match and still get two sensorstations. Artyom, Yes you need an AutomationStation to control devices. It has four outlets which can be controlled independently. The USB is for power and programming only, the prototypes use 433MHz RF to communicate. We haven't worked out retail prices yet but we're aiming for around $100 for the SensorStation+ and less for the SensorStations. Gareth, Thanks for the love :) Be sure to spread it to your friends. Bert, Unfortunately we aren't offering any of the other stations as kits, they are just too costly. Only way to get them is with the $199 reward levels and up :) Juan, You know whats up :) almost broke $20k Thanks again for your support man. Bert, Good Choice. I've burned more than a couple of my prototypes leaving them out unattended in my hydroponic setup and coming back to find a rotisseried board. Sandwhich baggies do not a waterproof enclosure make :) Thanks for all the questions. As always feel free to E-mail, comment. or PM me with your feedback. I've heard so many great ideas. Love it! Hi John, Good Questions. Yes it can be powered by outlets with built in USB ports, USB hubs, etc. The reprogramming is compatible with Mac/OSX, Linux, and Windows. It is Arduino compatible. Artyom, The AutomationStation actually controls the equipment which is plugged into it. Here's how it works. Sensors are streaming data back to the cloud. You'll log into your account and identify the AutomationStation and the numbered outlet you want to control. From there you can specify rules to control that out. An example would be the temperature rising past 80degrees, turn on a fan. When this requirement is met a message will be sent from the Internet back to your BaseStation. The BaseStation will then forward the message over RF to the AutomationStation, which will in turn switch the fan on. Does this answer your questions? Thanks! Mike Jan, Thanks -- great questions. You are correct in your assumption. The 99$ level is a base station and two sensor stations. Our manufacturing costs are quoted below $99 for the three units. We also have additional funding in the background to cover any unplanned expenses in the process, so we're pretty confident. Hope this answer your questions! Mike Adam, feel free to email me @ <email> and we can chat more Hi Adam, Thanks again for your pledge. We have looked into monitoring the macro-nutrient levels of soil, but measurement equipment, as you indicated is prohibitively expensive. No doubt in my mind, due to the open nature of the project that someone will share a DIY version though. We're using 433MHz RF. We may in fact switch to Xbee however, due to the possibility of simplifying cross integration with other products. 433MHz or Xbee, I think the demand for solar powered devices is there and will be coming down the pipeline shortly after the kickstarter. Building plant profiles based on climate, setup and environment is one of the more interesting parts of the data collection. There is so much potential for the data platform, we're busy now creating a feature rich engine for our backers:) John, Thanks! Glad to have you as a backer. Be sure to spread the love and help make this project a success. Let me know if you have any questions and I'll be sure to get back to you ASAP Juan, Awesome to hear. What were you building it out of? Arduino? Shoot me a PM or an email if you have any questions or are stuck with your project. I'd be happy to help. I have thought about solar power with LiPo batteries, and it is certainly a route we'd like to move toward in the future. The difficulty is maintaining a balance between battery life and how often the station is turned on to monitor. Cheers! Mike Adriel, I think that is a great idea for aquaponics. I haven't had much experience in the area, but I can see how it would be advantageous. I'll look into the dissolved oxygen and ammonia sensors and let you know what I find. Happy to have you as a backer Erik. Your pledge is going to make a big impact. Thank you Peter. Every little bit helps. This is really just the starting point for what I'd like to see become a reality long term. The more we understand about optimal plant growth, the more we can optimize in terms of the resource consumption and overall yield. Same here. But why Kickstarter is silent, that's the question... I figure we will never hear from this guy again but for what it's worth: I’m giving up and invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I feel like we come here every now and again to mourn the passing of a potentially great project. RIP Harvest Geek, it's a shame we never got to meet you! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Anyone have any info since Duncan reached out? Still waiting. I'd say it's about time to sue for breach of contract. Research Seth Quest, and the Hanfree iPad accessory and see how Neil Singh sued and got things taken care of. The creators of the Harvest Geek do not need to go unpunished for this lack of foresight and failure to follow through. If anyone is a lawyer, or has a lawyer in their family, please tell them this story and mention the above pursuit. I will gladly sign-on if anyone wants to pursue legal restitution or our pledges. Doesn't look positive but anyone have any update? @Duncan how did you go with his boss? Any response? Folks, I've determined the Mike is currently employed by a small medical marijuana delivery service in Santa Monica called Woah Stork. I am in communication with the founder of Woah Stork about Mike right now. Its possible he may be able to influence Mike as his boss. If you are able to calmly and rationally express your desire for a refund / actual product / any kind of communication from the person who stole $50,000 from us, please contact them at <email> Additionally, if you would like to potentially be involved in a small claims court action against Mike Alt in the event that this does not work out, please email me at dca46 [at]. cornell [dot] edu. Several of the larger backers are already on board. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Very disappointed at the lack of updates and products. If Kickstarter doesn't help or comment I will not be investing in anything else This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Looks like he probably screwed everyone over. Looking at his LinkedIn he is now the cofounder of a online marijuana store. That may be where all our money was invested... Pretty bummed about this project. It is the only one I have backed, because I thought the Kickstarter platform was a good idea. I havn't backed, nor will I back, any other project because of this guy... I have been patient with this project, but with no communication I'm at the end of my patience. Please update us or refund our money. Heeellllooo??? Are you alive? Have you screwed us all, or has something terrible happened to you that you can't even post an update? Are you in a coma? KickStarter - surely you have a phone number for this guy? Please reach out to him directly and get us a status. If he was killed in folding chair accident over the summer, we should at least know, and find out who his heir is that could return what's left of our money or ship what's available of the product. What is going on here? I want my money back! This has gone beyond any reasonable persons ability to be understanding. I've done both the google form (July 29th), and the "Report this Project" button more recently. I've heard _nothing_ from Kickstarter. @everyone please fill out this google doc from Kickstarter: <url>£5 and solder my own LCD, and the software could be developed by the community. Somehow I doubt that will happen though... Is there anything else we can do as backers aside from reporting this project to kickstarter? Have you still not found any developers willing to help with your issues ? you can at least release the source to the backers ( open source ) and ship out the PCBs that you had designed and manufactured. You should have received the LCD modules that were blamed for a previous delay so there shouldn't be a reason not to ship what you have and we can at least get something more useful than an update every 4 months. 3 months since the last update. There must be something to report?...right?... Guys, thought i might share this with the rest of the people who are chasing up dates. <url>"If your project is successfully funded, you are required to fulfill all rewards or refund any backer whose reward you do not or cannot fulfill. A failure to do so could result in damage to your reputation or even legal action on behalf of your backers..." Mike, give an update on the project or send me my refund. Thanks... Micheal doesn't seem to respond to messages on facebook or twitter or from the Harvestgeek website, He is active on Reddit under the username " wangyo " , Maybe we can pressure him to respond on the project status if enough of us contact him directly in public view to get him to fulfill the project deliverables or refund our contributions,this is really ridiculous ! Hello, any updates? I'm putting together an aquaponics project and would love to incorporate HarvestGeek into it so I'm hoping that it's ready for shipping soon. @Mike what is going on? @everyone who pledged: if we don't get some kind of info SOON we all have to file complaints with Kickstarter. I sent them an e-mail allready and they replied some generic crap about some projects taking longer than expected bla bla (I'm fine with delays) I'm not fine with Mike not responding. I think we got screwed and we need to take action. Everyone file complaints and request you money back. Mike had an obligation! He did not fullfill it! Any updates since the move? Is this project still a go? I believe this project failed. Please provide an update. Also, if these do ship soon, you should send out requests for shipping addresses for those that have moved, like myself. I do not think what you have in your records reflects my current address. Thanks Any new updates? It seemed like things were moving forward with the last update in September? "The cases and the LCD units are the last pieces were waiting for prior to assembly. The lead time the LCD mfr for those is end of October and will then probably take a couple weeks to be couriered. " So is this realistic or not? If so, you should have those LCD's in hand now. @Mike, I wouldn't hold your breath. I suspect we have been taken for a bit of a ride here. What's going on with this project? Will we ever see a product? Would it be possible to: drop the base station, focus on the sensor hardware, and have backers buy an Almond+ instead? That may shorten your hw development time, hardware costs, and allow you to invest elsewhere (web, sensors, etc). Love the graphics on option number one, but absolutely have to be able to read the display so I vote for option number 2. It's been two months since you posted any update, and 6 months since posting anything of substance (pics, video, etc). If you mis-budgeted this project and it's dead, please admit to it. These things happen and it's not good to leave your supporters hanging. It would be really good to get some updates on what is happening here. If there are issues delaying the hardware, it would be far better to communicate them, because I get the feeling people are rapidly losing confidence in you. I know you apologized for your level of communication before but if you're failing as a company, a little communication in and of itself will bring a lot of forgiveness. So just talk to us and keep us in the loop. I have not received my perks: Sensor's Delight -- One BaseStation , Three SensorStations and a HarvestGeek.com subscription to track your progress and set custom alerts. Estimated delivery: Aug 2013 What is happening with this project? Any updates - come on This sucks Any info guys? I've had one backed project that's failed and have gone silent, another that's stopped contact after promising me they'd send a unit out last month.. And now this one that's being slow to update , 7 months past it's expected shipping. I can't back any more kickstarter projects now, my confidence has dropped, even more so after the security breach. Please guys, don't let us down, keep us updated with what's happening! "Additionally, we will be providing progress updates by early next week as to our next steps." 1/29 So...? Despite emailing 3 times in the last 6 months I've had no reply about when I can expect hardware - or indeed anything in return for my money. And now the website harvestgeek.com appears to have gone down. What's going on? This was such a good idea but I'm getting to the point where I feel a bit misled... I agree with James, before I backed this project I specifically asked about standalone operation. I was told it would run this way. I would very much prefer to not upload any data, anytime, anywhere. Please let us know what is going on. Not near enough updates. Is this gonna work? Why is the website development holding back the hardware from shipping? I understand that the vision for the product was to have the information directed back to harvestgeek.com where we are given detailed information from the sensors, but is there not standalone software that we could at least work with until the website is up and running? Just noticed that updates are being posted to the blog. For those like me that didn't know it existed, here is the link: <url>"November has come and gone and we are into the first week of December. We are nearly done with the testing of the units, but there is still a few things we have to cross off our list, primarily more range testing and lux calculation correction, before we can start shipping units. We will keep you posted with our progress as it changes!" So it looks like we may get this in time for the spring planting season Christmas is nearly here, how are we looking? Any new updates? Last update said most rewards would be shipped prior to Christmas. Just curious if you are still on schedule for that delivery . :) Just researched my emails from HarvestGeek and found the one about the t-shirts and how Mike is behind schedule -- likely December 2013. So answered my own question... Should I have received my T-shirt by now? Estimated delivery says May... Looking forward to the updates! Do you have an updated timetable for this project? Hello? Anyone??? Hal??? Your backers would love to hear how things are going. Been pretty quiet, as usual. How's the new team? It's coming up on 6 mos since you were successfully backed. Has there been any progress that you can share with us? I am really looking forward to getting these into my garden. @James... you beat me to it! Logged into kickstarter to see if there was any news... been a while... any updates? Any more news? Thanks for the update --- keep 'em comin! Sounds like the project is back on track---great news. bleep bleep bonk... Chirp....... chirp. Bump. Do you have any updates for your backers? Are we getting any closer to a shipping date? The site is throwing some rails errors. Bug or feature? 3,5K away from the stretch goal, with only 5 hours to go! Should be feasible, no ? :) The reason the sensorstation+ is at the higher pick n mix pledges is due to high cost of Co2 sensor, which is understandable. Regards to an EU /Uk automationstation; Evolved agriculture are still looking into this so won't be possible through kickstarter, but may be possible through their website n the near future. Hope the answesr help Andrew. What were the answers, Dani? Thank you for answering my questions. Not long to go now :) Just to clarify, in my personal circumstances two sensor stations are more than adequate for my needs, which Is what I'll be gratefully receiving at my pledge level. I'd also benefit from the features of the sensorstation+ but if I increased my pledge to a pick n mix I would then have two sensorstations and one + which would be excessive for my small setup. It would be great to increase my pledge at the $119 level so that one of the included sensorstations could be the sensorstation+. Is this possible? Im really excited about this, excellent work guys. But I would definitely increase my pledge to include the automation station if I knew it would be ok to use here in uk EU. Im a little confused with regards to the sensorstation and the upgraded one - have you upgraded the sensor station in all pledges, or would I have to increase my pledge to include the updated sensorstation? Sorry if this has already been answered. Congratulations on exceeding your funding goal. This may be redundant at this point, but this is a GREAT idea and I'm super excited in anticipation of my harvestbot. Thank You! Congrats for the funding achievement :D I am happy you made it! I am sorry for Double posting but will i be able to put sensors in multiple pots of soil from the same unit? Just did 399* backing. I grow "meds" here in California and always wanted something like this. Thanks cant wait till it is ready. Congratulations on reaching the goal! I have a question about the AutomationStation - will it be possible to use this with UK (240v) AC? Congratulations Big congrats on passing 100% funding. Woohoo....goal and more. Guess I'm a bit late, but this is great news. Excellent! Now let's stretch it to 50k and get the wifi-enabled BaseStations :) Still plenty of time left! Congratulations from me as well! You are fully funded! Congrats! My wife and I just backed you at the Early Bird Starter Kit level. I believe that initially will use the setup for herbs, however I am excited to find ways to apply it to homebrewing. Do you have any additional plans for homebrewing-specific sensor hardware? Example: pH, specific gravity, alcohol content, temperature in center of large container of fluid, heating, cooling, scheduling, and possibly air pressure (for detecting when the blow off tube "burps", effectively telling you that fermentation is either happening or slowing). Keep up the great work - we look forward to seeing where this goes! Hi, to finish off your funding have you promoted your appeal any forums. There is the farmingforum.co.uk Britisg Farming Forum where I'm from. I've changed to the $99 kit instead. The waterproof housing is something I can't make myself ;-) Come on! ppl share it :D you are going to make it very very soon! Just pledged for the $65 kit. As I understood, this comes with 2 sensorstations? Is it possible to opt for the Sensorstation+ or Hydrostation or is that only possible with the $199 kits and more ? Keep up the good work ! Fantastic idea. Anything which can help farmers be more productive has to be beneficial. Mike, yes you did. So I need AutomationStation in order to control my environment. How much devices may be connected to AutomationStation? I see USB cable plugged into SensorStation. Is this cable used for power source only or it's connected directly to base station? If it work wirelessly could you explain what protocol it uses (zigbee or something else)? How much will be SensorStation and StationStation+? Thamks First off, I love how you guys are going about this. Automation of my mushroom grow room has led me down a hilarious line of receipts from home depot, to amazon, and even ebay. I'm definitely going to back this, especially as this is the first kickstarter I have seen that may be a godsend for me. I set myself to be rewarded the basestation + 3 sensors, but I was curious about how to register for the sensor station+? My biggest problem is I can keep humidity right, but I never know how my C02 levels are, and thus dont know if I need to pump fresh air in until its too late. anyway, thanks! I noticed that the base station is powered by micro USB wall warts.... Can it be powered by outlets with a built in USB port that can be used to recharge for example an iPhone or iPad? Also stated the USB is how you reprogram and associate with your PC. Is this also compatible with Mac/OSX? Could you explain, how the BaseStation would control equipment (e.g. fan or lamp) If I understand correctly, as a backer at the $99 level I should expect to received 1 BaseStation and 2 Sensor stations (based on the 2 for 1 update), is that correct? Is the soil moisture sensor included? I'm concerned that the assembled components and parts cost could exceed $99 for those 3 parts, especially if an XBee radio is selected. How confident are you in the manufactured cost of the final product? Thanks Mike, I'm hoping you guys get the funding. Likewise, I see you're in my neck of the woods, if you are still considering people, I'd love to work on this. What's your stack like? I was at an HVAC optimization startup that did sort of the same thing with Digi and Python. Man! This is the exact concept I've been trying to build! Are there any plans on monitoring the macro-nutrient levels of the soil? That's where I seem to be getting hung up since anything beyond a pH sensor shoots into the hundreds. Also, are you using Xbee for communication between devices? There's plenty of literature online about build Solar-based Xbee communicators (since Juan asked about it). For me it's in concept stage, thought on that for a couple on days only.... I was considering a solar powered raspberry pie. I was also thinking on building first some small database of profiles for certain plants. So you just select "Tomato" and then the system decides the amount of water, temperature, etc for that specific plant type. Hope all this stuff helps you get some ideas :) Excellent idea.. I was starting to do that exact thing at home :D Have you thought on powering it all using only Solar Power Cells? As a module for exterior plants, of course :) Excellent project with huge potential! Would be great to see some support for dissolved oxygen and ammonia sensors at some later stage too - that way the aquaponics crowd can jump on board! Best of luck! Happy to be backing this project! Thanks again Mike for being so helpful and quick to respond to questions, concerns, and ideas from the community. Everyone else, be sure to spread the word! Thanks for the updates. After spending some more time reading the specs and the updates....up'd my pledge now going for the mix n match pick five. I hope we all get the word out about this project. I hope you get fully funded. I think it would be amazing if this idea becomes a reality.