I keep hoping that a big technical issue we've been having will be resolved before I update - there's been this damn core bug with compiling the game on windows that's been mystifying everyone, but hopefully we'll have some good news this week. Either way I'll make a full accounting by the end of the week. Rick @Christopher Chaney - That, in essence, is what I think we're going to try and do - or something close. So, I'm going to have a big update that I've been working on figuring out all day. It will go up tomorrow. Anyone who still wants a refund after that only needs to message me directly through Kickstarter. Veav makes a compelling point! I need to talk things over with the team and some outsiders, but yeah there's more to be said on all of this. Stay tuned! As I noted in the latest update, the lengthy campaign that we spent a lot of time on just wasn't something good enough to release. Our failure. My failure specifically. I will personally refund your money, if you like. @Joe - Yes, absolutely if you want, no problem! The single player campaign flips back and forth between Denizens and Intruders, so you get both sides and decisions you make in one affect what happens in the later chapters. Good morning Everyone! A bigger update later today, but I just wanted to chime in and let folks know that the Big Generous Donor from yesterday is a real person that I know and who has the money and isn't going to withdraw the pledge. I haven't asked him if it's OK to say his name, but I'm sure he won't mind revealing himself soon. I'll ask today, maybe even get him on the podcast this week. So, in short, that money will come and we'll use all of it for the game. Hi Mitchell - thanks for your pledge! Yeah, it's your name - we can't model specific characters because when I say we, I mean just Austin, and he's got bunches to do to get the core units in. As for Vita - I have no idea! I'll look into it.... Veav: The animations are smoother in the game - the video capture program I used makes things look choppier than they do natively. That said, improving animations is definitely in our schedule. Every time I look through my list of Kickstarted things I find this and am sad. Any chance there's someone out there toying with this a pet project? (since it was open sourced) Creator seemed like a great guy - my heart goes out to him that this didn't work out :/ Still mourning this loss in 2016 Totally busted. Updates 30 & 31 pretty much say it all. He is dead Jim!...Is there any development going on or is it totally busted? *poking the corpse* :( Any updates? I hope things are going well - not only with the game, but with life in general. :) @ John - yes, I'm in the same boat but give a lot of respect to Rick for how he handled things here. He made a few horrible decisions that derailed everything but the good intentions were always here. I got the tshirt, the portrait and only asked for a portion of a refund. Rick is a very stand up guy and I wish him well and maybe someday Haunts will come to life. As for Erik and Doom.. I think I've made myself clear on that project how I feel Well I'm out of a nice chunk of cash from the fraud perpetuated by THE DOOM THAT CAME TO ATLANTIC CITY project, but in this case, I have always felt there was a genuine effort to get HAUNTS out to us backers. I will not hold my breath on this one but perhaps something good will come from this. An update, of any sort, would be nice. There is no version that compiles. I honestly don't mind waiting for the final product on this one, no matter how long it takes. It would be nice to get some project updates occasionally, or maybe post the most recent version of the functional alpha for people to take a look at? I'm not going to ask for money as frankly I think I can afford to lose the $5 more than Rick can, but honestly my KS projects are like 1 for 5 at this point. This whole website is turning into such a waste of money. Either you get some halfassed project or nothing at all. Of course it's not going to be made. Is it gonna be made? So: Is development continuing, or should we start expecting refunds? Any news? I'd love a quick update just to know what's going on, been silent for some time. Been quiet for a while. I know there has been a lot of people backer support offering to help get the game made. Any more information for the backers? Is the project officially dead? Just my luck. The game I was looking the most forward to is looking more and more like vaporware... I'm encouraged by the recent update. Definitely, taking care of the physical reward fulfillment, and paying the composer are the chief concerns. Coming up with the next plan of action (which surely involves a paid alpha funding program to gather new backers/players) can wait until all promises are delivered on that can be done. I've sent Rick a long message with encouragement and suggestions from my experiences here on Kickstarter with dozens of other video game projects, as well as with awesome indie video game communities, like Desura and IndieDB. Out of this dark cloud, a bright future may be ahead! No matter how long it takes, I'll keep supporting the game and I'm very eager to see the final product. In case you need additional music, I could give it a shot if you'd like me to; I've done music for about nine years now and I've been involved in a number of projects; A couple of flash games, indie short films, and currently a puppet show. I certainly don't consider myself a professional but I like to compose something every month of the year. If you're interested, I could show you some of my work privately and then you're welcome to judge if you'd need me to work for you. You don't have to worry about costs; I consider this a hobby and I'm glad to help out even for free if need be. Hope everything works out, Rick! I'd help, but there is nothing I can help with :) It looks nice what you already have. It's really a 'pitty' that your programmers leave you in this state. It's something I can't understand... But I don't have all information, so I might judhe wrongly at the moment There was a new update at Mob Rules Games today: <url>#entry29921847 I like the sound of that. Any answer to the preceding questions would be greatly appreciated. Please update the Kickstarter with progress! Are you still planning on release before Hallowe'en? Still no beta, i take it we wont be seeing this for Halloween then? The shirt looks so much cooler in person. Love the design, can't wait to play the game now. There have been some interesting discussions regarding the AI in Haunts....I thought I would share this article that I discovered from another forum..... <url>"it's fucking gone" to "changed into a different form" or "released as a work in progress aspect". @Daniel: Yes, unfortunately. Wait, so "A lengthy single-player campaign tells the house’s horrifying history and unlocks new denizens and intruders to use in the game." - is that gone now? So no more dedicated single player; just some washed out AI? That's my interest in this gone; thanks for saying you'll be making something and then completely changing it. If I wanted another lame ass online multi game I would have gone and got one of the 10,000 already out there. Have you considered adding your game to Steam Greenlight? Thanks for the update Rick! Hope you get the sales and more. *twiddes thumbs 'till Halloween* This user's account has been deleted. Wonderful, thanks much! Survey complete! I noticed that no mention of platform selection was made. How will that be handled? Will it be similar to the Humble Bundle store, where your unique download key permits you to download (and re-download) whatever platform you choose? Or will the key redeem for a particular platform at the time of download? Thanks! Filled in the questionair. Checked it a gazillion times for typos. Now waiting for Halloween to notice the typo I am bound to have missed :) Beta bosses, rather. I scrolled through and didn't see this addressed: May I submit my entire family's names for the best bosses section instead of just one name, if it's still within the 40 character limit? As in "Bob, Alice, and Ted"? Thanks! I'm looking forward to the game. On behalf of the estate of Edward Gorey: congratulations! (Not really a part of his estate.) Well done a very successful KS! Can the caricature be someone else, for example my 8 year old son? Runner-up vampire also :-) Ah, sign me up for five copies of a beautiful art style. Glad I remembered before going to bed :) Posted on my site : <url>žić mentioned this on Google+ and drew me to it, so give props to those hanging out over there that helped to promote this. They helped you guys get my attention, as well as many others. YES! Can't wait for my game, plz dont mess this up guys or you will have almost 1000 angry gamers going after you. Woo hoo! Woot! Killing me with the $1... need a new one dollar backer to push us up to $26K and 950 backers!! I think I convinced my girlfriend to play, so I've bumped to $10. Happy to see this over the line with plenty of time to spare. Open Source, Go-lang, Horror, B&W style, .. can it get any better? Wooo!!!!! I can't wait. Congrats!! Whoa! Somebody stepped up but good. Congrats, guys! Hooray! I was really worried there for a while! Glad you made your goal! Can't wait to see the game. So happy to see this hit goal. Congrats Mob Rules Games, big bucket of win to all of you. Plugged this again in my column this week. It feels like this is going to be a tight race. <url>"Popular" project or a "Staff" pick. The first is clearly a function of already having attention and exposure. Do you have sway with Kickstarter staff? I do not, but that would be awesome! Polite suggestion. Try to find a way back onto the front page. I've been unable to find your page through regular browsing. I can only get to it through my backer list. @Tom At Skyjacker we're using a flat $15 or fiddle around with <url>"Ten Nights of Killing and Mayhem at FJB" I was reminded to say I was sent here by MBMBAM. Looks like a great game, guys :D My fourth project to back, so far great stuff. I am credit to team! Veav, longbeach, your comments came up at our meeting on Monday, FYI. Thanks for posting! That's an awesome concept! I love turn-based combat when it's done well and feels like tabletop games. This looks very promising! I've never been a big fan of turn-based combat games, but the aesthetic and devotion to all horror subtypes is enough to secure my backing. One small, humble request: consider developing a port for Android tablets. Add that, and I'll kick my pledge up another notch. :) @Veav - that could be really fun and interesting if they could work that into the gameplay - I'd think about using my cameo role as one of them if possible For the record, a poltergeist that inhabits random objects would be awesome. Just throwing that out there. ... stupid wallet refusing to be emailed. I may not be an internet personality, but I intend to plug the heck out of your project. Keep it coming! They are indeed present, and there are a few we haven't shown yet that are even… bigger. I am thoroughly excited for this! Thought I saw some Lovecraftian horrors in a couple of the art previews- if they are indeed present then I will cheerfully throw more money at the project. My first Kickstarter donation. I just had to back turn based awesomeness. Reminds me of the days when I could play tabletop games all weekend. I can't wait to play the beta. Backed for Linux! Also this game looks awesome. Am I the only one that wants copies of those two drawings in the background of the video (to the right of the lamp)? Also, there are some jump cuts in the video to keep things lively. Aha, good deal! The aesthetic is incredible already, but that's the one thing that moted my eye. Looking forward to this! Are idle/smoother animations somewhere in the dev timeline? Style is flawless! :) And thanks for GNU/Linux version. This sounds positively awesome. I'm in. Looks like someone has played a whole lotta Gloom.... Im in for $5 How about a t-shirt? Your artwork would make it awesome! A 30 or 35.00 price point w/ two copies of the game? Just a thought. Can't wait to get my hands on this! Haunted house + morphing rooms + black and white, stylized graphics = genius. This concept is very, very cool! I cannot wait to see the polishing and tweaking for the October release. Rock on! Fantastic concept! I grew up loving Mystery! on PBS and the art of Edward Gorey. Deep respect for the ethos of Mob Rules Games. I'm in! Open Source, Creative Commons, Transparency, Linux and more... Win! is written all over this project; very happy to say that I've pledged at the top-tier. Sounds fun to me. I hope you guys get the funding and more. "open source" paused video and backed. I love you kickstarter and I love you tiny indi-devs that make something different. MBMBAM sent me, blame them when you have a character named Robocop McDiehard. Welcome back mob rules :). Your coming back with a fine product at a perfect point in kickstarter history: good luck! Yay Linux games, I backed it as soon as I saw that! Penguins unite! Linux - excellent! And a great video on <url>