It's been coming along slower then I anticipated on my end, but hopefully will speed up soon. The style I'm working with is very painterly, and tends to take a lot of time, mainly on the backgrounds. Sorry for the long silence, it's been hectic. Hey Kristofer, you might! Nikola Jajic will be at the Arcana Comics/studio booth doing some signings for his new book, Devil's Island. He'll also be on a panel. He's the man to harass. Very disappointed to see him selling his wares through the "Gen Con Deals and Sales" page at: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I'm happy to say that Mr Hershey provided me refund within an hour of me making contact with him by social media. He informed me he has no access to the Kickstarter project or mail, so has not received messages by that route. The speed and willingness of the refund when contacted by Facebook supports this statement. Whilst I am disappointed by the handling of this Kickstarter I am content that Mr Hershey has dealt with me honestly. Fat Goblin Games is having a bundle sale at www.opengamingstore.com/products/fat-goblin-games-mega-bundle Thought I'd ask them if it included this graphic novel or if we are still screwed... Soooo... Now that FTC is involved maybe we can point them at this guy? How did you get ahold of him? Thieving bastard! Can you give us Rick Hershey's facebook page link so the rest of us can attempt to get our pledges back? Thanks. I managed to contact Rick Hershey via facebook and get a refund for this project, if anyone else still cares. I posted on the fatgoblingames facebook page about updating their 'abandoned kickstarter' -- evidently they have more than one they started and never finished. Classy guys. Looks like Rick is more active elsewhere... <url>"Jason Stoffa" <url>"maybe". Ask a girl out, get a "maybe". Ask if someone likes your work, get a "maybe". Ask about a Kickstarter project, get a "maybe". This user's account has been deleted. Hi Rick, If you're not going to complete this project, please stop by and let us know. Just sharing this info so backers have some updated information. I've backed other projects where the comments have devolved into personal attacks, disbelief, etc. - that is not my intent in posting this (and I hope no one resorts to that). I figured I'd pass this on so people can adjust their expectations and get some indirect news. This info is also on the Facebook link a posted a little ways below, but here is an article that gives a status <url>"...we capitalize on the talents of our studio members by developing long-term relationships with each of our clients through integrity, open communication, mutual respect, and fast production time..." <url>