@Kitty, Bruce Everything goes through Amazon. We do not see any details of anyone. Those websites post are experimental projection from Kick Starter and if you look at the claims they state that they are not accurate as they are built on experimental models. The main one is the daily projection. That tells you the true numbers. Backers, money and comments. That is real. Nothing else. Hope that clears that issue up. @Dr Tune You pledged $1. Then you started a bombardment of commentary to benefit you. @Sarah We will @Sarah Yes we will deliver. But the nonsense from hackers and employees from competitors will always be ignored. They do not identify themselves. @Steven The numbers for the US and EU patents were posted. @Christian Really who are you? $1 pledge to get a name on Hackaday? @Christian Again? @Christin Do you have a recall problem. Steven just posted that. @Christian and Dr Tune It is very easy. Who are you and why? Not because you think this is a scam but because you work for someone else that is scared. Easy. Come clean. IP is important. @Christian Who are you and who do you work for? Then everything. And in the US it is analog not analogue. @David Which Shanghai Medical Hospital? Yesterday you said you were a an acupuncturist. @Christian We are always looking for smart people. Maybe you are one? @Christian You just stated you are unemployed. So if you get the technical details will you use that to get a job? If you want a job send your resume to our website. @Steven It was posted for the US and the EU @Everyone Even lower than Dr Tune and Adobe. @Everyone There is one but that is not for here. Sorry to everyone but now the bar has sunk to an all time low. @Everyone Now the last post was scary. Wanting a federal ID number? That is bad Please check posts from now on. @Steven EIN Number? Really? Would you like the bank account as well? @Christian No it is not. So you have been unemployed since 2005. Looking for the Golden Goose? @Dr Tune Again. Who do you work for? @Christian Not the one hiding. You are. Who do you work for? You have the email. @Warren Thank you. A spell checker. @Sarah Disguising. Sorry @Sarah Sorry. It is very difficult to disgusting. Please contact Paul directly @Roma No wonder Chris loves you. 200ft is line of sight. You know that @Marcel They are posted on this comment wall. We can post them in more general location @Dan, Jeffrery and Sarah It is impossible to differentiate between real "people" and competitors. We know several of them are posting and as a result you have two channels. One the Q&A everyday and then the private email. Sorry but that is why the private email was set up. @David No problem. You work for a Chinese competitor. LOL @Roma What does #6 say. YES. @David A real Chinese medicine doctor? From where? You asked about us so can you be transparent? @Roma Is it not? @Roma The important one is #6 @David Sorry. I misspelled your name. @Daid Not to scamers. You have our email address. You brought up I-Ever. Do you work for them? They are in Shanghai were you said you are from. @Dan It is done every day @Christian We do not know who you work for? Do we? It is called protecting IP. As an engineer with 20 years experience you must understand that? @David You are not a guy from China. You are in China. You want information so you have an email address? @James Satisfied? @Christian Please stop pledging and nu-pledging. Your $1 is very safe. @James University of Strathclyde, Kings College University of London, University of Utah. @David These are not hidden. Would you like to tell everyone who you work for in Shanghai? @Warren The email address is there and if you are real you can talk to him. @Warren Maybe in Ireland there is no identity thief. But here in the US it is prevalent. Maybe you should see what it feels like? Then it would be a different story. @David That is Wales, the country not Plano. Get the facts right from Shanghai. @Christian You said you had worked as an engineer for 20 years. That was the statement. Not you were 20 years old. @Christian As an 20 year old engineer you know that the real experiment is how to measure input versus versus output. The input was measured in each case. Then the output. @Roma You cannot read comments @Christian That will be posted tonight. @Dr Tune Oh that. No. @Dr Tune I have no idea what you mean? Flying monster? @Roma Now "gaydar" is not appropriate. Go get some Castlemaine XXXX @Christian I have two doctorates. You have a whisk and an iPhone in your picture. My direct email will be coming to you shortly so you can contact me. @Roma My grandparents were from Brisbane. Paul By the way is who gay? @Roma I will be just north of there. He is not. @Dr Tune This is a real Dr. I earned it. My name is Dr Paul McArthur and we are posting a bio of me and contact information if you want to ask me questions. When you ask me questions I will gladly answer them, if you are for real. Do I sound upset? Maybe. Do I want you to feel confident? YES I DO. That is the point. We are not hiding anything, so I assume you will not. No false names, no false identities, no false addresses. I will gladly answer. Check the post coming @Sam Hi this Dr Paul McArthur. There is an update coming about me. You have been searching me out. Not a problem. I have an appointment just north of there at 9:15am. What would be a good time for you. Maybe lunch? @Sam No one mentioned drop kicker. You did. @Wes There is a statement coming. @Dr Tune Sorry but you want chip set, Gerber etc. Normal policy? @Sam You too? Want to do it? @Dr Tune Do you want to sign an NDA? Then all of your questions will be answered. But then you are legally compromised. Including place of work, etc? @Dr Tune We? You. @Roma No. That is how a company grows. Listening. @Jian You are correct. The current draw in the table does include the sleep mode. The state is for a continuous ROPE. @Jian In a five second ROPE the device is asleep most of the time. Five second is the interaction interval. Q1. According to your posted timeline, iFind should already complete certain stages. Is the timeline strictly followed? A1: Following standard product development practice, the individual subsystems of iFind are being delivered by their primary and secondary suppliers, which are ISO certified. They include the tooling for all the unique components. They undergo rigorous tests to ensure no fulfillment delays of the production parts. Q2. Please show some evidence of your team's technical background. A2: The R&D team of WeTag consists of senior engineers with experience in the US consumer electronics industry, led by Dr. Paul McArthur. WeTag currently has four pending patents, including "Battery-less locator system." The application numbers of this patent are: US: 14281043 EU: 14172842.8 We hope you would understand that we will not publish the full patent applications. So, we would ask you not to ask for it. Q3. What are the FCC ID's of the routers used in the WeTag office? A3:The first one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQ802MAG, with 300 mW output. The second one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQMI424WRI, with 500 mW output. Q4. Have iFind or similar products been launched elsewhere, by the same team? A4: At the moment, none of the team members or the team itself has any involvement in any similar product worldwide. iFind is our sole product so far. @Jeffrey Just for your info they also called this device i-Ever <url>"36Kr" ever before. So there is no way they could release any more detail about our prototype. Also, it does not make much sense to correlate a "funding platform" with our technical details. If you are really interested in our prototypes, techniques, or patents, please keep an eye on our KS updates. Thanks, @Sam Johnson Yes we have patents. Companies in the USA are also wanting to license them. Does yours? @Sam Johnson Thanks for the email. We want to talk to you too. @Jian Thanks. Great translation. @Sam Johnson Great comments and welcome back. We missed you! @Mical It will be posted today. @Warren It is being written. It takes time to make it readable for everyone. @Amit You can change the amount in your pledge. We actually have no control over the amounts, only Kickstarter. @Marcel That is the point of the testing and the results. We have taken a lot of data and hope it will explain the different situations. That is the report we are preparing. @Dan The group is still testing and correlating the results into a meaningful format. @Warren No. The two operating systems are different and one had more things to iron out than the other. Android has now caught up. @Roger There is a well known issue with the stack in Android. People that tried to publish it without the latest upgrades that have resolved the issue. We saw this with up to eight. That was reported by a lot of users and why some other companies have stuck to iOS as it is much more stable. @James No problem. It is better to discuss it through the form on the website. @Jonathan We are trying to get it finished for tomorrow night Monday at the latest. @the JJ Actually the last device is very interesting. Maybe they have found a cure for tinnitus? @Andrew The first thing is to collect the data that everyone requested. @the JJ You are correct. But these are not distractions not to anyone other than Customer Service. @Ian Do you have a link? @Ian Thanks. But the comment is not very clear. Maybe just promoting that project. @James What is Headbones? @Roger Thanks for pointing out the mistake. You are correct. It should read biocompatible. @Roger and Michael. The part is biocompatible. Is there a reference for biodegradable? @Jassen Agreed @Ian That is what we intend @Justin Really? @Jacob We will post results as per requests. @Asterix What can you do? @Atserix Yep. @Len You are in Calgary? Before you questioned us, and we asked, so what do you do there? @Len Jeffery is very respected attorney in his field. His opinion is important. @Everyone What is a Troll? @Asterix Wonderful idea. But this is the USA. Trolls have an opinion like everyone else. @ Billy Why did you just cancel your pledge? @Billy Guilty conscious? @Billy Did anyone accuse any person of being associated with Tile? @Ricky Even when we show evidence you will not be quiet. That is the US policy. Go Tile!! @Ricky Yes and we know who you are too. @Jeffrey There is a reason we did not go to Indiegogo. That is due to the fact that you can comment. Criticism and answers to such builds trust. @Jeffrey Thank you for the comments. We know that you are a respected attorney in your field and we expect you to comment at any time. That is your right. We are sorry that you got burned in the past, but that is not our mission. @ B. Hackett Great point. @David We can look into that. @Adam No. @Nick We are performing tests. @Tien You can just add to your original pledge or cancel the first and create a new one. @Roger Maybe we could send her some for the royal corgi's and get the publicity? @Roger That is so correct and so funny. @Billy Please see previous comments. @Jim "Not by shape, size" means not one of them is changing. Maybe Texas English is not good? @Jim You asked about the holes before. Please do not use two different questions. @Roma The product that she represents please go check. It is wonderful. We have reported it. @Jim No. There was electronics inside. @Mary Totally unethical. @Warren Yep. @Jim Not by shape, size before you ask. @Jim We will show them when they are through the QA. They are different. @Roma LOL. @Jim We will post them when the new housings come back. @Ian The comments that have been flowing for the past ten days made us decide to go and do measurements in a very wide range of conditions. @Jian Input power means what is at the input to the RF/DC converter. Where do you get 25dBm at the input? @Dennis There are several outlets for the cavity @Dennis It will be in the $22 to $25 price range. @Roma Thanks. @Warren The first thing is to publish the extensive testing results. @Dennis We read the review and as usual Michael is very insightful. We are putting together the set of ranges as was pointed out earlier. @Ian Thank you for the idea. @Asterix LOL @Asterix Tile was $2.2M @Roger We do not comment on others but there are users here. Roma for example. Asterix another. @Roma Yes. @Roma Yes. Did you not say your TrackR did not work? @Roma Yes. @Roma 200ft is a big room. We have looked at a situation where the tag was in one room and the phone was outside 75ft away. That went through a number of walls. There have been others. @Roma We have no idea how the Pebble watch works. The minimum range is against each other and the maximum is 200ft. @Jim We have tested it in different situations, like types of buildings, rooms, outside and the range varies. @Jim That obviously varies with situation. The maximum is 200ft. @Warren The weekend when the testing is complete and documented @The JJ Yes that is part of the data set that is being built. But that is more time than the Rope function that was outlined in the tech brief. @Len Yes we can update them. No I am not Yuan Song. @Roma Sorry about that. These are mistakes that be used to create better products and projects. We are not defending anyone, just listening to ensure we deliver the best device. @Roma But you did get a full refund (minus the crowd funding charges?) so they cannot be that bad? @Len You are correct. Negative comments can be deleted on Indiegogo by the owner of the project, which is not a good thing. How do you improve? @Wouter The first stage is to get an application for windows. It is widely known that the OS support is not complete for a competent release from anyone. It is supposed to arrive in July (No fixed date) @Roma We are really sorry about your experience. @Wouter Great ideas. We can investigate them. @Warren Yes. The last comment you posted there was very disturbing. The one thing about Indiegogo is that the creator can stop negative comments being posted; you only see the answers. @Jian We measured the functionality and validity of the distance measurement firmware. @Roma We know about that. You do not like TrackR? @Jian We are not revealing any details of the firmware. @Wouter Using both can verify the outcome. @Wouter The return of flight is the most accurate and is dependent on the processing algorithm. For the signal strength there could be interference issues. @Wouter There are two ways to measure the distance. Either signal strength or by response time to a communication. @Wouter Not literally meters but the unit. @Warren Oops. Really 13 months? @Warren LOL. Are you pitching another project? @Warren Yes. @Warren Nice post by the way. Did you get your free one yet? Hope you get more than one. To answer, not at the moment, but when we switch to the website we plan to. @Wouter The Rope will be in meters. The retail price has not been set but will be in the $23 range. We are talking to distributing companies in a lot of locations so the charge will be covered by them. For example we are discussing with a company in the Netherlands so Belgium would be included in that demographic. @Jim We are measuring different types of situations (real time) that will measure power output from the converter. This includes home, work and outside. In certain cases we have had to ask for permission (Do not want to get arrested). They will be done by the 15th. @Jason They will be released well before the campaign is nearing closure. @Jim We are working hard on them and they will be completed soon. There are a lot of different scenarios to measure. When they are completed they will be posted in an update. @Asterix To get one of them free you have to have five friends click on the link and order. He must be looking for a free one. @Billy Sorry. No there are no foreseen delays. There is residual time built into the timeline. @Billy Ptototype 2 was always planned as was explained in the development cycle comment previously. The flex circuit is for a batch of parts that can be used for QA analysis and set up. The tool of the flex is the important aspect. @Jian All three were tested and measured. @Robert First prototype was before the KS campaign started. @Jim The tests are for a set of environments that have different EM conditions. @Andrew If you read the previous comments that was detailed. @Jian Actually both. @Dennis That is what we will do, although that is a surprise about a good product. @Andrew We have a very defined schedule. In the next video we will use the second prototype. @Andrew The old video had the first prototype in it but we are going to shoot a new one. @Jian As we have stated several times the first prototype has the first run of the components. After that there are some adjustments that need to be done. Simple engineering process. @Jian The first prototype was functional. The second is under construction. After that there will be pre-production units to test the ATE. It is a simple product development release mechanism as you, being an engineer, are fully aware off and avoids the risks of failure. @Jian The task was set in motion over the weekend, due to other commitments in the schedule. As has been stated previously there will be no "insides" of the device due to reverse engineering concerns. @Jim We are trying to complete a very stringent set of tests and will post them immediately when they are complete. @Eugen It would be extremely nice to track other devices but that relies on cooperation with the other companies. We are looking into working with some other companies. @Warren Yes the device was tested. That was the phase i prototype. Currently we are performing additional testing at the request of some of the backers to encompass some different environmental conditions (field strengths). @Warren We fully intend to. @Dennis Thanks and we did not forget. The team is looking into that. We will keep you posted. @Peter No. The range is set at the limits of the BLE signal. @Dennis We are looking at adding that feature. @Tanner If you switched it to three with the early bird that is 3*$14 which is $42. @Wouter We will update the FAQ's with the answers to your questions. A lot of people will be interested. @Fiona Obviously, but all of the quotes were not needed. @BF We said no more meaningless drivel. @Everyone Please concentrate on the issues at hand. This is not a war zone. We are fully aware of what has to be accomplished to get your support and trust and we are working to that end. Our goal is to deliver you a product. THIS IS NOT A TESTING SITE. PERIOD! No more meaningless drivel in the comment sections, please. @Len No. We are not saying that. @Len We just checked with ObjectBox, which is our filmmaker, and got their reply. The original parts were shot by WeTag team using the prototype I. They were passed to Object Box, the media company that we used, and they found the live shots were unprofessional. So they re-did some of the shots. If you are really uncertain about the feasibility of iFind techniques, we request you to wait for the next technical release. The R&D team is in the process of conducting the experiments that have been requested by several backers. @Len No. There were several edits of the video. @Adam It was tested in a set of real time circumstances. Some people want to measure the actual energy over a variety of conditions. @Kalus Thanks. We will look into that, but the FAQ should cover that. If not we will update. @Jim Actually that is part of the set of tests that are coming up as per the requests from some of the backers. @Stephanie The device has a storage bank on it that allows it to operate when the is not sufficient EM around to harvest. Those levels are dependent on environmental conditions and we plan to perform a rigorous set of conditions. @Frederick The device can be put in sleep mode. @Billy Of course. As we said it was a conversation today between other backers. @Billy As usual, all we are doing is listening to everyone, either here or in PMs. @Billy No. It is only a discussion with some backers. Nothing else. The words are "would have to be". @Sam Thanks. We know that. @Jian The charger is only a discussion and would have to be an accessory later. That is a major decision. @the JJ Yep @Asterix We are looking into that. Roger also asked the same question but would like it added to a stretch goal. @Jeremiah Tile has never claimed to be battery free. They state that under normal operations their battery will work for a year. Close to a year after delivery they will send you a shipping bag to return the Tile and replace it with a new one. Seriously do not know how that works as if the new Tile is free how can they make money? All of the locators seem to be adding new features. The later ones incorporate what has been done better (optimization) and add new features (Reverse find). Our favorite one on the market is made by Phone Halo and called TrackR. The iBeacon is part of the release schedule and we do intend to release a SDK and start a developers group. @Sam, Asterix, emc2cube As you can probabley guess there are a few companies working in this field. Soon with more exposure and updated designs it could resemble the LDO market surge of the late 1990's through 2000. The main thing to remember is the system is greater than the individual parts. @Sam If you are interested the chip set in the video comprises of three different components. The main difference is that one combination is continuous output, the other is pulsed. The transmitter is there for demo purposes only. It is a very good device as you will see by their partners. @Emc2cube. Now that would telling, but there are two options. There may be usage where the settings are not loud enough so the firmware can be adjusted during some com commands. @Jeremiah We have a list of agencies in the US and Europe. It is okay to ask questions. When they are doing it we can ask if they can make a video. @Asterix You can look at some of the studies that were performed by DOE grants, if they are still posted. Also as you pointed out before there has been a lot of work done for the medical field, but at much lower frequencies. @the JJ That has been going on for many years. There was a joint development and there is DOE funding for the project. Nice catch!!! @Liam Thank you but that is okay. We have to listen to everything to make the product better. @Asterix Great point as always.We have to get the device certified by a series of agencies as well so they will have to do exhaustive testing. @all We are fully aware of the comments and are in the process of setting up another set of measurements to answer the questions. @Mohammed Programmable up to 95dB. It can be adjusted in the firmware. @Johnny We are looking at a variety of different products. @JJ Th diameter is 0.5 @ the JJ That is too large. @Lisa Thank you for being our backer! @ JJ That is a really good question. We actually had a smaller hole but enlarged it due to some comments from a survey. What size do you have in mind? @David We have looked at engraving but the best option would be a paint signature label. @Ews Sorry. that should be what @Wes Absolutely. Level heads are hat prevails. @Sam Thank you. @len Are you a buyer? $1 gets you to comment @Fillpe You are correct. @Len No I am not Wanda. LOL. I shave every morning. As you know (well by your comments you do not maybe?) a real company functions with people that are in charge of relevant departments. That is how a company functions. @BJ You are correct. This was made personal by the comments. Business is business. There is a marketing group that is separate. @Len Why is that important. She is a business woman who does not deal with the technical? You still have not answered our question? You are in Calgary so what do you do? Do you understand how companies work from the top down? @Len What do you do in Calgary? @Len Are you discriminating against people getting involved in other businesses? Really what is the point? @Len Yes. So? @The JJ We fully intend to do a series of measurements. We like everyone to ask even those with less than 5 years. @Everyone Now this is getting ridiculous. @Len Why is that necessary? @Kalus Sorry the alarm is programmable by the firmware and is 75 less than X less than 90 although it could go as high as 96. The code can adjust the alarm if the range is close. @Kalus We can do the environmental tests. @Len Thank you so much for providing a really good opportunity to prove if iFind is a breakthrough. "No matter what the outcome is, an investigation can only help reduce risk for all of the backers." Honestly, we really agree it is a reasonable solution to resolve current problems and establish more mutual-trust. So before KS investigation comes out anything, and also before R&D feedbacks a full report addressing questions here, is it valid for all of us to keep a clear comment wall? We will see :) @Wouter Thank you for your help in answering. Unfortunately the $14 tags are all gone and have been for days. It would be $40 for a twin and shipping @Kuo chin ni: Correct :) @Roger Sharp: We got u Roger. No one wishes more than us to see a clearer comment wall. I could ensure you that R&D is burying heads again into all questions feedback from CS. Without checking with R&D head I cannot say any exact timeline. It is going on and will be posted in our best efficiency. I will follow up with R&D tomorrow to further make clear the timeline. @Levi Depew: Thanks Levi. Also, we hope you were one of WeTag so sincerely. WeTag team stands with all our backers. Not hackers. @Ollie Heaviside: We do appreciate your technical questions. Again, they will be worked on. Also, we acknowledge that not any kind should fits the spirits of Kickstarter. As Roger et. al just suggest, you have 27 more days to decide if your pledge will be a loss or a deal. Thanks, @Roger Sharp: Absolutely agree. And let us ask in advance: are you part of WeTag team? LOL @Asterix: How we hope you were really one of WeTag Team, LOL! We appreciate your constructional points all along. @len We do understand. You want an answer to run the device off of WiFi only. Read the previous comments were there is 0dBm at 1.55 m from a 30 mW source. That will allow charging plus some modes of operation. @Len There is enough energy in the bank to operate the tag. It is the charging that is the debate. Sorry of you want to cancel but that is your choice. @Len Ollie says from a Wifi to make the tag run only from that energy. @BJ We can look at that as an option. It would be relatively inexpensive. @Ollie We are dot arguing about your calculations. There is other residual energy that can be captured apart from WiFi. @Ollie In certain circumstances you are correct. It depends on the sources of the energy @Ollie Please look at the comments in the brief. We have no intentions of working the tag off of just WiFi. @Mohammed We know you are brilliant. Pass your exam. @Len Actually not the case. There are two frequency bands that are used for charging while the tag is in operational mode. If there is sufficient energy the tag will charge quicker than operation. @Filipe We have disclosed documents that no one else in the sector have done. @Filipe No.We are always discussing everything with our backers. @Mohammed Totally agree. @Jing We are fine with it. "Being transparent" to a company policy. We have to focus on tech discussions and cannot provide an English translation here to our backers to see what is really happening. However, the text, to whom know Chinese, is very straightforward. And, we do think you should not distract the attentions of KS community here by a personal "fight". You could take it offline and exchange ideas with Atlas via the original channel. We are going to focus on verifying tech parts for all our backers today. @Jing That is funny. Atlas Wang is not the CEO. There are several people in the company that speak Chinese. @Asterix Tell me about it. I have no idea what this one is about as I do not understand Chinese. It is just a distraction to what really needs to be done and that is to get the device out of production. @Jing, The word "炒作" means (n.) hype or (v.) to hype. Yes, we are trying to get as much attention as possible, since we are confident and proud of our patent pending technologies. What's wrong about it? If you are being skeptical about either this project or the technologies behind it, why don't you state your doubts and reasons rationally? We are always willing to listen and to discuss. Posting some excerpts without any context and accusing us being frauds is not the most efficient approach. @Jing 1. I'm not Atlas. 2. For that sentence you pasted, I've already translated it. 3. Again, please do not ignore the context of this sentence. @Jing He didn't mention anything about the design either. What he said was that "There wouldn't be advantage for them if they are pitching this technology to big companies without any data from the market. iFind tag is merely a "shell" for this technology, demonstrating what this technology is capable of." Next time when you are translating something like this, even it's only a brief translation, please make sure you don't miss any relevant point. @Jing I guess your problem is running it through Google translator which is really good!! @Jing According to the context, atlaswang was addressing this question "It took five years for Amazon to turn e-ink technology into Kindle, what makes you think you can pack your battery-free technology into an end product?" His response was "The tag is literally transparent to any senior engineer except for the battery-free part. Comparing the processes of turning multi-touch technology into iphone and eink into Kindle, applying this battery-free technology to item locating devices is nothing but a piece of cake." @Jing Now that is a complete false translation and statement. What are you trying to achieve? @Jing We can get it translated for you. @Michael Comments about Joshua. Maybe if you are more reasonable you can take this off line and ask to speak to someone else. @Michael It is bad enough that you continue to drag this out here, but questioning the integrity of people that you do not know is just silly. As far as the bank account goes there is no way that Atlas would say he would divulge the bank account information. @Michael Smith Again we are aware of your situation. Atlas was forwarded the email from customer service, and he was absolutely unaware you "ordered" through a test website until you finally told him. Before that you are just urging bank information from us and suspect our bank credibility, that was why Atlas mentioned we open up a local bank account, and sent you the verification by Amazon payment. Out of helpfulness, he suggested maybe you could consider other payment ways. All are based on the confusion, intentionally or unintentionally caused by some party, that you are PAYING through Kickstarter and encountered problems there. After realizing your situation, no one from WeTag asked you to do any direct deposit, which is obviously ridicules, Also, we would like to kindly remind you to show due respect to KS fellows. We win our reputation by what we do everyday, and we really lack money if we "buy" such good reputation from all the backers here. LOL @Joshua Thank you. This is really not the place for this discussion. @Mohammed Please concentrate on studying. LOL @Michael We have already said we will discuss it with you. It is not a problem. It just needs some level heads and rational thinking. @Mohammed It was meant in kindness. We really appreciate your comments and questions @Russell, Asterix, et al Maybe this can be the start of a trend for projects to share information? @Russell There were a few others like Roger in Austria, JJ and a few more. But Asterix and Mohammed deserve a lot of the credit for the prodding. LOL @Ethan Thanks. Customers are always #1. That is the rule to succeed. @Asterix Maybe. @Mohammed No problem. If it is an exam we wish you the best. @Mohammed The graph is input power versus time to charge. At -6dBm it takes about 111 hours to charge the large bank. At 10 dBm it takes 1.5. @Mohammed, Asterix et al There you go. @ Michael Smith As approved by Atlas, here we publicize our proposed solution to Michael's issue: ?Therefore goes our proposal: please provide us with a receipt or confirmation of the third party charge you suffered. We, after verifying it (the company is supposed to take your order in a US address and then ship it to your foreign address), will reimburse you. If you are satisfied then, please remove all the negative comments you have made anywhere. " @ Michael Smith We are here to learn your ideas about the last private email. @Mohammed Thanks for all the support. It is actually being uploaded in the next five minutes. We were hoping to kill two birds with one stone with the next stretch goal but that can wait. @Mohammed The team will deliver what they promised. Deadline is coming but you will not be upset :) @Asterix @ Mohammed We sincerely appreciate your voices. @Michael Please check your email. Our co-founder Atlas has just replied the email he received from you. BTW we sincerely do not think your last email is written in an appropriate manner. If you would like, we are more than okay to share the whole email thread with KS public. @Michael As we have said we will discuss it with you, but it seems that you crave attention. By discussing it is not in the form that was emailed to Atlas in the past hour. @Asterix Absolutely. We feel sorry that someone took his money for shipping charges. That is the weird part. @Michael As confirmed by our hired developers, the test page was put online for just a few hours, and we really did not expect anyone would come across that, while the webpage was not promoted at all. We are really sorry to hear that you paid extra shipping cost to some unknown third party and are willing to discuss on it if there is any receipt. Thanks, @Michael Who took your money for the shipping, as they would have had to verify that with us before accepting your payment. That is not honest. @Michael It is better to walk through this rationally. 1. To place money into any bank account from a website it has to be an authorized gateway. The account has to be verified and the consumers privacy has to be a priority. There are too many identity thieves around. Our website will not have a store in place until after the KS campaign ends and we are ensuring that we the best gateway available. 2. The international shipping is a red flag. Why would we take an order from Australia (AU) and then tell you to pay for someone else to ship it? That is not our fault but we would be willing to talk about covering that cost. 3. You were not supposed to be accessing that page. After beta testing from the developers the site was released without that page. We seriously do not know how you got access to that test page. We have seen the screenshots and are very annoyed at them. You are the only person that got access. As we have said we are willing to discuss this with you. @Michael It has been recorded at this end as well. Was there any money transferred from your account? @Michael How can we honor an order that did not exist? Do you really think that iFind would be on sale for $1? We are sorry for the mistake and we have tried to discuss with you but all you have done is post negative comments. @Michael There is a reason you could not complete the order there as the page was not set up for anything other than testing. @Michael We are aware of what happened to you. You got access to a webpage that the developers we hired were using as a test. The tags were there for sale for $1 each. You ordered twenty for $20. That was the day before KS. We have said that we would work with you on the issue. You have also asked for our bank account and routing number, which seems a bit ridiculous. @Asterix Do you want my job? LOL @Adam. No it is not magnetic. Thanks for the suggestions. We look at all of them. @Sam We already said we are doing that. Check Roger, Asterix, JJ et al. @Sam Just realized you have the same name as the Plano congressman. @Sam Yes you can. @Sam Manufacturing and other company issues should not be discussed here. @Sam Yes we are in Plano. You can ask through the website. @Roger, Asterix, The JJ, Mohammed, and Colby We got you. We will make a complete update on KS, with a link to the blog, too. Backers will be able to get the info within KS; and if you further want a pdf sheet or so, feel free to visit the blog. Please keep watching; it is coming :) @The JJ Having just checked, we can add an image of the PDF. Would that be okay? @The JJ Sorry about the bad experiences. Maybe we could generate a PDF and load it in the update? We really do not know as this is the first project. We can check. We are trying to be fair as possible. We will be posting conversion, usage data which has never been done before in the type of device. We guess we are the line in the sand? LOL. @Asterix You know we like you but it is easier to post it on the blog. @Mohammed It will be posted on the website and notified from here. @Jackson Yes. @Colby That's for the color post and for yesterday. We also understand your concerns and are working on it. @Andrew We can post the color chart. We have not run any plastic yet. @Andrew There is a slight but noticeable difference @Kevin Li @John Yes it is correct. We will send out a survey after the campaign. Thanks, @Roger You guys make Saturday bearable. LOL @Roger Sharp: Hi Roger Thanks for your helpful reminder. We will look into it. Thanks, @Asterix We believe that you just ship the part back and it is replaced free of charge. @Roger Actually we have not considered a disposal service. Most electronic devices have recommendations, as such, these days but we should not fall into that category. We assume that Tile is not worried about the battery disposal as well. This is a good marketing strategy where one advertises that you never have to change the battery. However we think that Tile is a very good product. @Asterix Yes that is correct. It seems there will be some crossover of dead time for the tag? @Wouter Yes you can turn it off @Marie Hi again. Thanks for being so diligent. We think he may have confused us with Find V2.0 that was on this site last week. @Wouter Thank you so much for the idea. We will definitely look into that. @Ari We will. Thanks @Ari You can track up to eight at once but can load the menu with as many as you have. @Matle Yes. That would include the shipping charge. @Roger No the radiation from outside an oven is not significant to saturate the circuits. A lot of work was done in the past to negate the claims that ovens were a source of "cancer hazards". Just like the same issues for the cells pones and melanomas around the ear lobe. There are severe limits on the levels that are actually around the oven. @Asterix Yet again, great insight. @Kalus Probably not. @Roger Sharp: We will deliver a technical report by this weekend. IT IS A PROMISE and we are working on it right now. Still two days away from the end of week. Why not just wait for no more than two days and see if you are backing a solid technique or not? We are hoping all backers pay attention to the coming technical release, too :) WeTag @Roger You were given an answer. We work seven days a week since the release of the project. Our week ends over the weekend. The team is working on manufacturing and testing issues. @Roger The tag does not continually buzz. If you activate the tag and you let it run, by mistake the firmware makes a decision to close down the cycle. As we have stated we are releasing a technical document. If we answer questions piece by piece it defeats the purpose of the technical document. @Roger We will follow up on Adrian's suggestion. @Adrian As we have stated before we intend to send out the phase 2. @Roger Previously in the comments it was stated that we were in discussions with large companies to license the technology. Obviously part of the deal is a rigorous evaluation of the product. We assume that is independent enough? @Mattia Shipments are scheduled for October 2014 @Andrew Thanks. We will deliver you what you need. @Daisuke That is not in the development plan at the moment. We believe that there is someone considering doing that design. @Asterix Hi again. We are getting the update together. Lot's of great questions. @Roger LOL. No we are not claiming that. We are saying that there is a storage bank that is used and replenished whenever there is a signal available. @Roger Yes it will respond immediately and continue until you shut down communication. The EM is a replenishing mechanism for the on device storage. @Giles We are in the process of writing a technical brief. @Mohammed Thanks. The tag is always in a low power mode until it is told to wake up by the phone. Then and only then is communication established. @Sam The tag is in a sleep mode when you are not looking for it. Part of the protocol is for the phone to send a wake up signal for the tag from the list. At that point communication is established until the tag is found. @Roger The amount of depletion depends on the type of function that the tag is set to perform. If the tag is continually asked to communicate the depletion rate is higher than when the tag is in hibernation mode. Thanks for the grammatical correction. @Roger The removal of the energy from the bank is dependent on the type of use. There will be recommendations for recharging if the bank ever looses its energy. @Jie Hui Gan Thank you. We intend to deliver you a product that meets expectations. @Roger No. There is no drain @Ari At the moment there are stack overflow restrictions on Android of eight. Hopefully this will be increased. As far as iOS it is ten. @The JJ Thanks. @Ollie We intend to publish the necessary details. @Chaz Thanks. You are correct about Nokia.We are releasing technical details this week. @Ollie That is the second time you have posted that link. The article is four years old. Plus you have to look at the link at the bottom to get the truth of what they were trying to charge. <url>"glow in the dark" tag and may add that to a stretch goal. @Ari That feature release is in the plan @Francesco Yes. That is the intention @Adrian Thank you and we hope to talk with the makers of Ninja Sphere. @Colby We will look into that. @Ari Once we hit the $500,000 stretch goal, the Last Seen GPS Location function will be added. With this function you can easily locate your car. At the moment, the iFind App also offers a visual locating display showing the estimated direction and distance. @Vu The updates will be included. @Filippo At the moment there has been no contact with the makers of Ninja Sphere although that would be a good relationship. @Dennis We intend to incorporate all of the features that our customers suggest at some point in the release cycle @Pande Windows Phone support is in our development plan. We need to further check the BLE specification equipped with Windows 8.1, and hopefully WP users will be able to enjoy iFind APP later this year. Please keep posted. @Colby The tag identification from mobile APP will be encrypted by our algorithm. No worries: no one can de-sync & re-sync your tag without your permission; iFind is safe in every way. @Kayla Yes you could refer to the "Uhelp" function. It implements exactly what you described. @Pande The issue is not with the developers of any tag system. It is the lack of support from the OS designers for BLE that makes the Windows version lag behind the others. They have a lot of catching up to do. @Winston We are getting the prototype 2 together. @Asterix We have a predefined release and qualification process. It will be done. @Asterix Just designing the way it appears and interacts with the user. It is not a technical issue. @Asterix User interface. @Sven Yes a WP APP is in the next step development plan. @Weineng No. You do not have to re-sync. @Marius We can look into that. Will keep you updated. @Dennis We will look into an easy way of doing that. @Marie and Filippo If there is to be a universal app then there would have to be a work group set up. We would be okay with that. Our tag has its own CRS and privacy codes, so that would have to be addressed. To ensure that privacy is guaranteed the other tags must have the same issues otherwise anyone can access your tags. @Michael No. @Luis iFind APP is by default running in the background. Well we have to look into the case if you choose to manually close the background APP, of if you turn off your cellphone :) In the meanwhile, iFind APP will never "quietly" turn on your bluetooth without letting you know it. This will consume your phone’s battery and reduce your phone standby time. It also has a privacy issue. Hope it helps, @Asterix and @Kenneth That is correct. You cannot. @Michael That is decided internally. @Ollie We are putting together a package for release. @Ollie Thanks for the article. We are fully aware of it. We will release technical data later. @Eia Yes. That is in the plan @Eia That is covered in the FAQ section @Christos After they do the official release we intend to support it. @Christos We have every intention of supporting Windows phones but that is dependent on the OS reliably supporting BLE. We hope to have it working in late Q4 or early Q1. @JJ We are looking at adding that feature. The UHelp function was the Pseudo GPS. @David Thank you @David Hi there, that is covered in the FAQ's at the end of the page. Hi David, Currently the tag works with iOS devices with Bluetooth 4.0 (iPhone 4S and later, iPad 3rd generation and later) and Android devices with Bluetooth 4.0 support. We plan to launch the Windows application later. @Adam Interesting concept. 1. It would be okay to attach to the disk. 2. If it is outside the effective range you will be alerted. If you are good at Frisbee golf then that would be quite often. 3. The tag is always synced. 4. Anything that runs iOS 6 and above plus BLE. 3. @Vu Xuan Loc Hi To answer 1. The phone rings. Yes the function can be turned off. 2. Yes you can turn it off. @Billy Thank you for your kind comments. @Asterix You are great! @Asterix Hi there. Whose towel? @Daniel You are welcome :) Hi Max, Thank you for your interest in our project and your suggestion. We will be updating with beta units soon, definitely before the end of the campaign. Please stay tuned. WeTag @Daniel At the moment that is not a feature but could be added to the app in a newer release. @Adam Yes that is correct. Hi Adam, Yes, it is correct. @Billy LOL. Thanks. There was a lot of work. You are smart yourself. Best of luck with your project and keep in touch. @Billy That is covered in the patents that are pending. On a side note we really like you DC / DC converter. @Billy We will be releasing the technical specifications soon. Yes it will be pre-charged. @Minning No problem but thank you for considering iFind. You can buy later from the website if you like. @Mayank The KS campaign is for the pre-production qualification of the tooling systems and the mass production @Jon No. But that is part of the development road-map. @JJ Okay, we will. @Jassen We will be updating @Beaudry No Problem. Our CS is available 8am to 12pm CST. @Beudry Thank you for your question. Those answers are in the FAQ's that were built from earlier comments. @Scott That is an actual phase 1 prototype. @Scott We know the rules and regulations. They are stage 1 prototypes. We will be updating with beta units soon. @Asterix Thanks again. Maybe you could send an email? The staff at Boston Scientific did a similar device back in 2004 but it was about twenty times larger and used for urinary tract problems. There has been a lot of work done in the medical implantable field since 1998 and has flown under the radar. The devices are ultra low power and mostly custom SOCs. The most recent studies are for similar devices for epilepsy treatment and vagus nerve stimulation. @Damiano Thank you for your kind comments. Our goal is to deliver the you best product. @Asterix. Thank you again. We are sorry about other experiences and our aim is 100% satisfaction. Cannot wait to see your blog. @ Asterix. We do have good firmware engineers. Part of the technology is the power control loop. We are working on doing that. LOL. Could be! The mud is okay. Hurricanes and Tornadoes we need to check! @The JJ That is answered in the FAQ's. @The JJ That is another tag that is on KS starter at the moment. You can check using the search. @the JJ Maybe you are confusing us with the Find V2.0 product that is also here. @Levi and @the JJ First Levi thanks for your answer to the question. We are also much smaller. @Giles You are more than welcome. Thank you for the great questions @Giles Sorry. Updates will be made. Yes you can turn it off and on. No the firmware does not allow the drain. @Asterix Thanks. As usual great insight and level head. @Rob Of course you will be notified through updates. @Giles Hi most of the questions are covered in the FAQ's. For the last one, we will be sending out parts from the first QA run for evaluation. @Mansur We are looking into all of the product functionality add-ons and will update when we have a decision. @Dan The main reason for the Kick Stater campaign is to offer the backers special discounts and get the system recognition. Contract negotiations with large companies take time to come to closure and money from this site will be used for certain aspects of production, logistics and quality to ensure that we deliver the best product. @Chloe Yes you can. That is a quirk in the site. @Levi Thanks. That is fine. @Nick Lunecase uses the cell phone signal itself, not residual EM, although we do tap into the same energy when available. @Charles Yes. And that question and more are covered in the FAQ's if you are interested @Asterix As usual you have great comments and insight. We will look into the stretch goal you mentioned. @Nick a. No. You enable the communication from the phone whenever you need b. Not a problem. @Jassen Thank you. We will keep you posted @LC 1. Yes. There is a complete development plan in place 2. They will be implemented. We had to put stretch goals. 3. We will update in the blog and newsletters. 4. Phone will "beep". 5. Phone has a visual finder, tag has a "beep". 6. We will put in a request to R&D for the "metal detector" like feature. (That is what you mean?). @Dianne There is an early bird for two devices @LC Thank you for the comments. To answer in order. a. They are free b. There will be free upgrades. c. They are undergoing exhaustive QA. d. Yes, but there should be no issues. e. Yes, provided the same unique user assigned code is used. @Asterix Actually our IP attorneys are dealing with that. @Chris No problem. Thanks for the conversations @Chris We are really not surprised. Sure we could talk about a license. @ K Baker We do not support that yet, but it is planned for a phase two release. That upgrade will be free. @Chris As we have stated and stated we are not revealing anything yet. You may have missed a decimal place in your two comments though. The first is 0.015 the second 0.15. @Chris Very nice paper, four years old. That's why we are patenting the technology. @Marie We understand what you are saying and we know full well who got burned and by whom. This was done by examining every project that was launched in the past and getting to know the frustrations of the backers. We want to be remembered for two things, quality of products and customer experience. So do not worry your comments will not be ignored. @Y. Chung Thank you. We are looking into a way to keep everyone happy. @Asterix Of course the production run will be shared with you @Asterix It is not about just this product but the family of products that are in the development pipeline. They also need protected. We are looking at the request and the most productive way to deal with it @BJ We will consider your request. Unfortunately there are some people that are just trying to harvest information (no pun intended) by any means. @Asterix It is always nice to talk to a very interested backer. As we said we are looking into releasing the video. As far as the RFID blocker wallet. That type of wallet is effectively a miniature "Faraday Cage". The harvesting will obviously be decreased due to the cage. We know that several of you have had extremely bad experiences in the past and we will do everything to ensure that we do not fall into that category. Hi Marie We will look into generating a suitable video. @Chris We are also in contact discussion with several companies to license the technology and any disclosure would be detrimental to those discussions. Prior to you asking we cannot reveal the names of those companies. @Chris We fully understand what you want. We will not post any video of the circuits as that can be used in reversed engineering very easily. @Charles We are in the process of updating both this site and the website with the images. @Asterix Hi we did answer that in the FAQ's as per your request @Chris We cannot publish any technical specifications on the internal components. @Chris Unfortunately, as we have stated many times before, we cannot reveal any technical details of the patent pending circuits. We are confused by "Unedited video". @Charles Yes. It will recharge. @Charles You will be able to select the colors at the end of the campaign. @Jacob Yes that is possible. we tract all orders at our end. Thanks Charlie @Phillpe All of the patents that are pending state that it is battery-less. Earlier you stated that a capacitor is a battery as it is a storage device. It can be described as that. So we tend to differ on the definition of terms. Nothing more we hope. Anyway thank you for your comments. @phillippe In order asked 1. It is a hybrid 2. It is not Dialog Semiconductor. 3. As the circuits are patent pending we have been advised not to post images due to reverse engineering. I hope you understand this privacy issue. @Peter Thanks for your comments. The tag does perform on EM harvesting but has an on board storage bank the is continually charged. When is starts to use this is continually recharges. Kind of like keeping the gas tank full until you hit the open road (Simple scenario). @Brian German We are looking into the clear plastic housing. As far as the different colors, of course you can select the color combinations from those listed. We will not limit you to just one color per pack. The product warranty will be updated. @Edgar We are adding all the technical information to a special update and FAQ's section. @Ara We have negotiated with several shipping companies and each of them have promised to provide tracking numbers and information which we will provide to you. You can then track the package via their websites. The companies we have decided to use are dependent on geographical demographics of the destination as certain carries offer better benefits to different areas. For example the USPO covers North America but DHL is better for Asia. As customer satisfaction is our highest priority we fully investigate all areas that have been seen as blips by other companies in the past and target our own procedures to be upgrades. @Adam and @Marie The contracts that we negotiated ensure that the international taxes and fees are covered in the $10. The exterior package is designed for multiple inserts dependent on the number of tags. It is that singular package that is taxed. Regarding the question about an extra $2 in a comment below we do not see that, so please clarify. If you up the pledge from one to three tags, international wise it is still $10 for the shipping. From our end it is only the insert that needs changed. We realize that other companies have made mistakes in this in the past and ensure that our contracts do not allow this to happen. @CK If you look through some of the early comments it is briefly explained. We are also updating the KS campaign and the website for a more intuitive insight into the technique. Hi Ara, Thanks for your interest. 1. We are intending to add to both the website and the KS explaining the basics of how it works very soon. We will keep you updated. 2. Yes, iFind tag has a buzzer in it. 3. I've forwarded this question to the relevant team members and they will get back to you tomorrow. Best, WeTag @Xkorter you are welcome to pledge $14*3 = $42 by choosing the "early bird" level (excluding international shipping fee if any) @Eugen (SPb) Our understanding of glow in the dark means the plastic is luminous. If that is the case we can check and see if that is an option in the manufacturing process. @Mark We thought about offering the laser etching but we can look into it again. The actual tag has its own unique company serial number that can be read by the APP and you can also add a personal code to keep it even more private. That code is what you would share for the UHelp function. Thanks Liam! We are posting an thank you in the updates The glow in the dark option seems very interesting @Charlie N Thank you for your comments. As was stated earlier this morning we are updating the KS and the website to give a basic understanding of the technology and the App. Every comment here will obviously be addressed as customer service is just as important as the technology. @Marie The idea itself and the initial R&D was accomplished by the founders. As you can probably imagine contact from external companies is high and we want to minimize that. @Skilfing a. Yes b. Later on this tear early next. @Johnathon and @Marie We are intending to add to both the website and the KS explaining the basics of how it works. As far the inside of the device we are committed to keeping the circuits secret to avoid others to copy and reverse engineer the technology. We are discussing with several international companies about licensing. There are bios of the company's management on the KS page. @Russell We actually have two dedicated development teams, one for each system. They work off of the same marketing and software specification documents, so both have the same features. Hi again We will actively look into all of these great suggestions and keep you posted in a quick and timely manner. @Second Guess We anticipate that both of these goals will be met. In any event they will be included in the APP at product release for those supporters on Kick Starter. The upgrade will be covered here @Eytan That feature operates as the inverse of the ROPE function. At the moment it is not in the initial release but will be in the future as a minor upgrade HI Ian Yep. We are based in West Plano. Go Lone Star! That is part of the media plan. @Robert Khoe The idea of harvesting has had a lot of research performed. In fact our own R&D has been ongoing for over four years, As you have stated there are a lot of different scenarios for the capture, storage and mode of operation. For this reason our patent pending circuits are unique. And yes enough energy can be captured to operate a BLE communication link. @Abdul iFind tags use the patent pending techniques developed by WeTag Inc. For now, WeTag team chooses to start from this specific market sector, solving a very practical problem, and establishing our brand. However in fact, WeTag has already been WIDELY APPROACHED by potential collaborators, including some really big ones. to apply our techniques into a more variety of devices. @Minsc&Boo Thanks for the questions. 1. The APP does have a visual locating display. 2. We have our own high level encryption scheme to provide absolute security. @Astrix Thank you for being so diligent and asking great questions. @Charlie We don't have the clear version at the moment, but if there's a demand, I'm pretty sure we can work something out with our plastic housing manufacturer. @Charlie I'm glad that we helped :) Thank you very much for your support! Presently we have to pay duties on the shipments to all international destinations. We are trying to negotiate with other carriers to Canada, but at the moment it is $10. We can track it at this end That is fine Thank you so much for your support @emc2cube. As you have guessed iFind is just the first in the product line. we will keep you updated through the newsletters and the blog. Thank you Asterix We will do the FAQ's as you suggested. I will forward the comment on the charge for the application to the R&D team. We will also look at the certification. No Problem @emc2cube 2. Minutes. 3. Days No the Rope mode is always functional. There is a scheme in place to ensure that the tag wakes up for a short communication to the app in a set time interval. This is only active when the Rope function is set operational by the owner. To answer @emc2cube 1. One suitable source is a any Wifi hub. It is not limited to just this. The device is not magnetic induction. 2. The charge time is dependent on the strength of the source. As the device is continually monitoring and charging this is transparent to the owner. 3. That depends on how many times the owner of the tag wakes up the device. In normal use the tag is in ultra low quiescent current mode. We hope that answers your great questions Hi Asterix. The phone can be a source of energy if it is transmitting. The tag has a protocol that makes it go to sleep and lower the quiescent currents. As you suggested there is a wake up algorithm in place. The orders will be fulfilled at the same time. No problem Thank you for your interesting comments. However there is some confusion. The comment from @Creators was to ask if the device will work in a remote area like a dessert where there will be minimal energy to harvest. It will as long as you have a device to communicate with the tag, the tag has storage and that device has power. The comment from @Asterix is a little confusing. You do not need your phone to charge the tag, but you do need a phone or tablet to communicate with the tag. The tag does have a range unless you have a group of friends lost in the dessert with you and you can split up to locate the lost tag, using the UHelp function. I hope this answers your comments. Hi Robert, Thank you for your interest. As long as you have your phone with you, even if you are in the middle of dessert, you can still use it to find your tag. Excellent point. The tag will long outlast your iPhone or Galaxy devices battery. Hi Edwin Great question! We have a function that is available called Rope where the device will trigger if it is out of the range you prescribe. Thanks Edwin The $14 pledge is for a very limited number so when those are snapped up the $30 pledge becomes the next best deal. The USA shipping is free as we are based here in Texas. Yes the device is hermetically sealed and therefore waterproof. The harvesting circuits are continually on and collecting. There is a switch to ensure that the bank cannot overflow. The power control firmware ensures that the scenarios that you mentioned do not allow the total discharge. If the tag is somehow completely discharged the charge rate is dependent on the strength of the source. The Qi charger works on induction techniques where the resonant coupling of the coils is critical. It has no effect on this design. I have put in a request to get you an actual dB level for the buzzer from R&D At the moment the application does not show the charge available for the tag. The actual hardware inside the tag is extremely proprietary (patents pending) as you can guess but maximizes the power available using some unique ultra low power control and software processing. As far as the EM blocking is concerned the life inside the bag will be dependent on the cycle of communication protocol. Using the design the hardware is in a hibernation mode until it is requested. If you are outside the USA the shipping is $10 so that would be $40 for two. Hi Weineng Too. If you live in the USA it is possible to get two for $28 if you use the $14 early bird. That is due to the free shipping. Outside the USA it is more beneficial to buy the $30 package as there are shipping costs. Hope that answers your question! In reply to Eugen. Absolutely. That is the beauty of the programming list that you can set up. Currently the tag works with iOS devices with Bluetooth 4.0 (iPhone 4S and later, iPad 3rd generation and later) and Android devices with Bluetooth 4.0 support. We plan to launch the Windows application later. The environment we live in is surrounded by residual electromagnetic energy. Our patent pending circuits adjust to the maximum levels, capture and then use that to inject into the storage bank. The storage bank itself has a commercial lifespan of over two decades. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @Victor The campaign was suspended which means no one was charged for it so not sure why your looking for a refund? I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @Marius Yes I would. 95% of the kickstarters I have backed, have handed over what I pledged for. What's important about pledging is doing your homework and investigating the project. Be honest about kickstarter. Go look at all the pledges you've ever made, remove all the projects you actually really use and leave the rest: the scams, the products that are so bad you would be afraid to use, the ones you don't use at all and so on. Now sum all those money up. Would you still want to back a kickstarter project? EVER? The Campaign was suspended by Kickstarter because the Campaign owner was unable to prove that their claims about the energy source were scientifically valid and provable. Basically, Kickstarter preemptively closed down the Campaign as it looked like a scam. As Jade G notes - no pledges were collected, so no refunds need to be processed, and no product will (at least via Kickstarter) ever be shipped. So no point posting your name, address, email and phone number in a public forum. (Ever hear of Identity Theft?) Thanks Jade G! :) Hey guys, Look up and to the right. The funding for this campaign was suspended on June 26, 2014. Why? I have no idea. That's Kickstarter's decision. Your money was never collected. That means: you were never charged for this pledge. You will not receive anything. The entire campaign has been canceled. I can't offer any explanation. I was also a backer. I'm just leaving this comment to help others who haven't bothered to read the updates on the campaign page. How do I get my money back? Charge back? I have not received anything yet? Please advise!!! I ordered a $70 5 packs. And had put on Facebook. And got a e saying I was getting one free two. I have not received a thing from you. Where R they. I'm so tired from having to fight for my stuff from u all. I paid in good fath. I WANT MY STUFF! Linda Carey 1807 Daffodil Lane Wausau , WI 54401 <email> 715-551-3858 image1.jpeg Sent from my iPhone Guys, if you are interesting in tracking, you should like this one as well <url>"how about my money" & "what about my money"? oh god how do we explain this one to you? Sure! that Dapper Sasquatch with the blue vest on the ridge has taken your doubloons!!! and if you're quick you can catch him!! If you believe that your will also believe kickstarter and amazon took your money before ending this project. You would have recived an email stating payment has been made aaaand you would see it in your amazon payments account. Also if they did take your money (highly unlikely) use the kick starter "contact us" section instead of chasing Sasquatches. Wonder if the mods can lock comment threads on here... How about my money ? I agree. It is done for this project. Considering how much they raise, any creator (just like myself) would go mad to see it gone. So the fact they never comments here, it means it was a scam. I don't think any crown-funding sites will touch this product with a bargepole. Fortunately, it's "coming soon" (still) as reposted endlessly (along with link-bait and cat pictures) on their FB page. But no, no actual pictures or anything remotely credible. Yawn. Is there any possibility of this project restarting? So we will never receive the product? @Cynthia: Your money never left your wallet as the Kickstarter campaign was suspended. What money do you mean otherwise? So what happened to my money? @Warren I'm curious, how is isensor a scam? Another scam in the form of isensor going on but Kickstarter again won't listen. Trying to use the platform as a pre ordering sales tool to gather and the product is already been made This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. What is going to happen now with the product? It won't let me view any previous messages Thumbs up for KS! Project like this harm those with honest intentions! @Jeffrey Not sure what you are saying. The WeTag directors are shown on this incorporation form <url>"Dear Mr. Price: We received your request regarding WeTag, Inc. Your request has been assigned ID # 10523131426 by this agency. According to the records of this office, WeTag, Inc., taxpayer number 3-20524-7819-8, has until November 15, 2014, to file its first annual Texas Franchise Tax Report and Texas Franchise Tax Public Information Report with this office, therefore no officer or director information is available at this office." This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @DrTune: Awesome! Thanks. I had given up hope of this being real and was going to pull out, but forgot to. (I should have done it much sooner, but my early bird status made me irrationally resistant to doing so until I was completely convinced it couldn't be real.) Just the other day I realized my mistake, and now came to the project page to find it wonderfully suspended. I'm glad you spent the time you did, and apparently pushed KS over the edge. If you're ever in Grand Rapids (Michigan) I'll gladly buy you a beer. @DrTune Congratulations on the thanks from KS. Well deserved. In your honor, I have developed this truly battery-free locator device. Available in 12 attractive colors with NO patent pending. Always in "rope" mode and should last at least 3 decades. Details are shown here <url>"no way is this real" it seems fair to think that KS actually weren't swayed by my ranting, more by WeTag's gratuitous mismanagement of their own campaign, most of all the continued lack of evidence to back up their claims. Basically; if anyone else smells a serious rat on a KS project; gather lots of evidence, document everything with ample references, challenge the creators to answer the questions, then take your story to the press & Kickstarter alike. Try to keep your cool also, I regret the tone of a few of my comments on here. :-) @DrTune, Well done! Out of interest, would you mind telling us how many messages you sent Kickstarter, please? When was the first and when was the last? Just trying to get a feel for how responsive they were. Thanks. Just got an email from Kickstarter: "This is a message from Kickstarter’s Trust and Safety team. We just wanted to reach out to thank you for so proactively educating us, as well your fellow backers, about the risks of the iFind project. We take the integrity of the Kickstarter system very seriously, and rely on the input of whistleblowers like you to help us maintain the health of our ecosystem. Please keep up the great work, and again, thank you." Awww... nice to be appreciated. :-) Of course it's practically impossible to conclusively _prove_ this is/was a scam - the onus was on WeTag to prove they were for real and they completely failed at that - but a number of people did the math on their energy-harvesting claims and none of it came anywhere even close to working out. The numbers they did give in their 'technical updates' were absurd. There is still no evidence they've built a prototype - not even a single photo. IF, on the incredibly unlikely off-chance that two guys in a garage have rewritten the laws of physics with their (invisible) product, I'm sure we all look forward to them completing and shipping their product this fall (as stated on their Facebook page). As long as WeTag are spending their own money (or that of accredited investors, who will want to see rock solid proof of their outlandish claims just as we did) they can keep working on their perpetual motion machine till hell freezes over. @Davjd Schwartz Did you check your spam folder? Or maybe the KS email is in your scam folder? Due process is great but there are way too many lawsuits. Much better that KS has rules and takes action against significant violators. WeTag can still demonstrate their product, just not on KS. Apparently, WeTag considers this suspension to be just a minor inconvenience. Well I never got any email from KS, I just got this sad notice above. I feel sorry for these people if they have something that works, and if they don't and were just trying to run away with $500K, well shame on them. However, we live in a society of laws and due process and they should have their chance to demonstrate their product. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Chipolos are rubbish go check their comments page,they have all started to break and the creators have done a runner. Nice chipolo but i ve tried trackr bravo Just buy a chipolo. They work great and only costs me $4 a year to replace the batteries. ($16 really since I have 4 of them. $1 per 3 months). I had my doubts when ordering the 10 pack for a mere few dollars more than the pledge below it. I'll be trusting my gut feeling much more from now on. Appreciate you wasting everyone's time. @Tamir You really are not paying attention: 1. You received an email from KS on June 26 explaining why this project was suspended 2. As described in the comments, WeTag violated many KS guidelines 3. There is no evidence of a working prototype. 4. The demonstrated software was fake 5. The video was made in Chicago. There are no scenes of a workshop in Plano 6. Significant evidence indicated that this would not be a successful project Funny how I just discovered today that this project got suspended. Ive backed a lot of projects on Kickstarter and Ive seen it all. Ive seen those with lots of detailed updates and those with barely any updates at all. They have all been either funded or not funded, but never suspended. I dont understand why there was so much negative PR and people thinking this was a scam. They kept to the Kickstarter guidelines. They showed a working prototype with software AND showed behind the scenes in their workshop in Plano. I want Kickstarter to start giving legitimate reasons and explanations for suspending funding...especially to successful projects such as this one. Its not fair to the backers or the project founders. Im greatly dissapointed that this project was not allowed to be funded. I LIKE TURTLES!! Christopher Childs found an existing patent "Wearable system for monitoring physiological signals" that describes a RF harvesting scheme very similar to the one used by IFind. It uses both 900MHz and 2.4GHz bands. However, its max transmission power is set to 4W EIRP. And the system works only within the same room.... <url>#comment-1461383675 @Len Thanks :) @Kelly - The KS definition of suspended means permanently, see faqs here: <url>"it's a bunch of crap" without providing evidence we'd be no better than iFind. Be sure to post a review/teardown here when you receive your preordered devices, and happy summer to you too. I'm going to pre-order just for giggles and to annoy you guys, great if they deliver, no biggy if it fails to. It's amazing how much effort and time you guys have gone into this. It's no longer on KS yet you are still here. It's summer time guys! Patents with Paul McArthur: <url>"...In 2004, he and several other authors were granted a patent for an article locator system that used GPS and, by his account, didn't pan out...". This is not correct, In fact, as I mentioned in one of my comments a while ago (see <url>#comment-7085023), That US Patent 6788199 "ARTICLE LOCATOR SYSTEM" does indeed include using RF harvesting for location tag. Its frequency range is from 902 MHz to 928 MHz. Although Paul McArthur is one of its inventors, the patent now belongs to Eureka Technology Partners, LLC, Therefore, it seems that WeTag either legally used the patent or infringed it. Couple more nuggets from <url>"Dr Paul McArthur" and added the following quotes: "iFind's McArthur said he's been working on EM harvesting since at least the 90s, even nearly getting arrested for 'doing experiments outside of a power station in 1997.' " mmhmm.. it gets better.. "...McArthur said the tag pulls from two frequency bands that most household appliances center on: 915 MHz and 2.4 GHz." ...Well sadly 915Mhz isn't going to be a whole lot of use to you. It's in the ISM (unlicensed band) in the US (only), and compared to 2.4Ghz is relatively infrequently used. Some cordless phones use it. Maybe a few garage door openers (however they're mostly lower frequency). Skeptically I'd guess the reason Dr Paul mentions this frequency is because it's commonly mentioned alongside 2.4Ghz (the other main ISM band) on the interwebs and often pops up next to it in Google results. ... and a REAL stinker ... "Since teaming with iFind's other co-founder, Zhangyang (Atlas) Wang, McArthur said they built a 'phase one prototype.' McArthur stated that these prototypes were destroyed in the testing process. "You have to open them up and destroy them to check the parts," he said. " Really? Seriously? Never, ever, ever have I heard of that before. Sure, after doing some medical experiments on animals you have to "open them up and destroy them" but not on a piece of electronics (which of course has no reason to be sealed up in the first place if it's a prototype). This is an utterly ludicrous statement. It sure is convenient though.. Shame they didn't manage to make any more. Or take photos, videos, etc, etc, etc. ..but then one also wonders how they managed to do the testing for their second technical report published two weeks ago (Jun16) which from the results implies the existence of at least eleven working tags (or even being most generous with interpretation, three). ...They all had to be destroyed? Damn, those are some harsh tests they're doing. Finally, anyone remember how WeTag had a video they were going to post before the KS campaign ended? It's still nowhere to be seen (e.g. on their Facebook or web pages). Lots of "we believe in our project! Just wait and see! Preorder now!" type blurb though, over and over again. I sense someone sticking their fingers in their ears going "LA-LA-LA-LA I CAN'T HEAR YOU" Noted comments from below inc DrTune, and Jian H, WeTag claim to have been working on a prototype for 3 years, but no evidence. Most support for this project seems to come from people in China. Who are the lawyers that did the patent application for the energy harvesting for WeTag? Is Dr Paul McArthur, Co Founder, fiction or a real person on this project? Is this Kickstarter's highest funded project before it got suspended? Atlas is clearly still very confident. @WeTag have referred multiple times to working prototypes ("First prototype was before the KS campaign started" etc etc, see their comments) as well as supposedly running tests and so on. Why on earth couldn't they save their $500k - as well as disprove the hundreds of skeptics - by providing a shred of real evidence? Atlas/Wetag just keep going on about 'competitors', but won't challenge the math provided by half a dozen different people showing the project as described is not going to work. @Atlas: if this means so much to you, answer the (many) valid technical questions, and step up and show us you have something that actually works. If you'd done that a few weeks ago you'd still have your KS project and people wouldn't be laughing at you now. I don't believe _any_ of the people criticizing you here, on Slashdot, on Drop-kicker, etc are your competitors, they're just people who don't believe your exceptional claims and exceptional lack of proof. Remember kids, Conservation of Energy can't be violated, no matter how special you are! There was no working prototype shown. <url>"Misrepresenting". It was not pressure from competitors. The sequel of iFind drama -- a translated conversation from WeiBo, a Chinese microblogging website. AtlasWang 6/27 00:39 Kickstarter finally bowed under huge negative PR pressure from competitors and requested us to end iFind project. 540,000 US dollars and almost 10,000 orders vanished in a blink of an eye. Today is certainly a very dark day. But it is not the end of the world. Our big orders are still there. The technology transfers are still there. The negative impact needs to be removed gradually. However, it is certainly impossible to destroy the true technology and product. iFind is unbeatable. So am I. z3phyr 6/27 12:50 A scam that made international impact. AtlasWang 6/28 00:17 I have kept your above comment. When the situation is turned around later, I can request you to make a public apology, right? z3phyr 6/28 00:27 You can send me an engineering sample. If it passes the test, I will not only make an apology, but also help you to turn the situation around. What do you say? AtlasWang 6/28 00:31 Thanks for your reply. How about having an agreement? Our next step is to send the sample to the national lab for FCC certifications. Then we will start the small scale manufacture to make first batch of (pre-production) product. Please send our company your quest in writing at that time. We will then send you a sample for you to test and play with. Deal? z3phyr 6/28 00:57 Good. I would be greatly honored. Please send it to me directly via the address found on my homepage. z3phyr 6/28 01:08 If you are truly confident about your product, please send several samples to Dave at eevblog. He has great influence. AtlasWang 6/28 06:44 Got it. Quite possibly the best kickstarter comments thread ever. This project gets suspended after u guys insist it's a scam (which, for all intents and purposes, may or may not be) and then you all end up fighting amongst yourselves over other similar finder projects. Make some more spreadsheets and google docs about those projects- it's definitely worth it! @Richard See my below comment This user's account has been deleted. @Michael another thing Plano is known for: boob jobs as hs graduation gifts. @Shaan Because it was a scam and things just didn't add up,no working prototype etc. Why is the funding suspended? Ha ha Kickstarter is removing my links. Anyway checkout GOkey. Charger, Cable, Locator, Memory all in one and fits on your keyring. Last Location, Remote feature to change music, selfies and power point presentations and soo USB file transfer from your smart device to GOkey to access movies, music etc. Frees up space on your phone and won't slow it down. Just search for GOkey on indiegogo 5 days to go. @Giles Clinker No, Plano is a legitimate city. It is a northern suburb of Dallas and is home to plenty of honest companies (some fortune 500). Toyota just announced that they will be moving a good portion of their workforce to Plano. In addition, Frito-Lay, Dr Pepper/Snapple, and JC Penny all are headquartered in Plano. Yes me too.glad justice was served, it took a while but it happened. I am relieved to know that Kickstarter cancelled this project and we will not be charged by an unethical scammer! @jeffery it was just a recommendation since this didn't see daylight that's all. I notice iFind being referenced in the comment feed of other projects, as an example of how bad or worse things could be :) @Jeffrey Price, The post was not sponsored, it is linking to my post about their project. I was not paid to do it. I haven't posted my igg link so that if you back them I get something in return and that is what I meant when I said I won't post sponsored links. @DrTune, yes I can be pretty cynical/skeptical. Giving backers financial incentives to rope in new backers is exactly the same as paying them a commission. Re Indiegogo, I don't like the platform because a) projects don't get posted without any checking by IGG, b) when you pledge there's no going back even before the fundraising window is closed, and c) creators can delete any comments they don't like. Kickstarter, for all its faults, is better in those ways. Roma your skept-o-meter seems to be stuck on 100%. While I have no interest in buying a Findster, I find everything on their page to be credible and their photos (actual form-factor PCBs with their logo on) , their pricing, the stated performance, and their design sketches etc to be convincing. Even their delivery date is far enough out to be sensible. As it happens I like their approach. People should ensure that product fits their needs (short battery life, limited receive range). It's probable they'll have issues with GPS when indoors of course, but as long as the tag remembers where it got a fix when it was last outdoors, that sounds ok to me. If by "pyramid scheme" you mean they're using typical social marketing techniques ("promote this for us and get something for free yourself") I can't blame them for that. It works. It's much cheaper than buying a ton of advertising space, which they don't have the budget for. What's to hate? Re Findster, it's the classic pyramid scheme. The last in will lose the most if it all turns to dust. At least it's being sold on the right platform. I would NEVER buy anything on Indiegogo. Kickstarter's on the edge enough for me. It's definitely off topic but Findster looks a completely credible project to me, everything rings true - just make sure it fits your actual needs! Note only 18 hour battery life on the tags when tracking. It's not really the same use-case as a long-life BTLE tag. @Warren cool your jets man, you sound like a used car salesman. :-) Kai: Read the Comments. You'll understand. _________________________________ Simon, you promised not to do what you are doing: Just yesterday you posted - "@emc2cube, I won't post anymore sponsored links, however my site links go to my posts about certain projects, in no way have I been paid or reimbursed for writing a post (at least not yet), however if I do get an offer later I will always post when I have been paid to write a post and when I wasn't." The link you posted is nothing more than the entire project page for Findster. You should start your own project so you'll have a platform for your self-promotion machine. Posting ads for yourself and trying to get business is bad form. What is that mean? the funding is suspended? I hadn't linked the Warren over on Findster with the Warren on here. In fact I assumed on Findster he was part of the team based on his comments! As I said, I like the Findster idea, I like the current buy in price. But I'm not that convinced based on what is shown as it's all glossly marketing. It certainly doesn't stink of scam like this did, but it doesn't hurt to be a little wary over a potential spend of a few hundred bucks (2 kids 3 dogs!) If everyone wants a finding tag, I recommend taking a look at pebblebee or gecko for pre-order. So far I just received my gecko and it is good. Take a chance for yourself :) Warren, careful my man. You are promoting Findster and declaring it "100%" legit. At the same time accepting referrals so that you can "get the product free." Your are open about your personal gain, but have you slipped from the role of simple backer to biased backer? Your second post on iFind was: "So after going through various comments below can you answer me a simple question before I pull my pledge? Has this technology been truly tested and working on iFind before you started the campaign?" I don't see that question from you to Findster. Rather I see post after post of you saying what a great deal Findster is. Easily the most enthusiastic Backer they have from the comments. Could you tell me what research you have done that convinces you this is 100% legit? And define legit, please. The product will work as advertised? The Creators are a real company? The project has all the hallmarks of being able to keep their promises? I have spoken to the Creators and they tell me they are legit? I am not against Findster, but you unreserved backing is based on some evidence, right? Testing and performance data? Thank you KS for diligently researching and ultimately shutting down this campaign. I feel so violated and disgusted that this dishonest company almost ran with $550K of people who actually SUPPORTED their idea. Findster sounds good, more expensive but very clever and more useful for the kids/pets scenarios. However Indiegogo takes money straight away (can you pull out before the end of a campaign) and it's much more cash than this project and you could argue they have given practically no proof it exists or has a working prototype.... Please correct me if I'm wrong as it's tempting at the last few 'cheap' rewards. So how about this one? <url>"removed results" at bottom of other searches. Google have removed search results in Europe for the Co Founder of WeTag <url>"ah-ha!" moment personally about why this was (for a time) such a successful fund raiser; avg spend of over $55 per backer. You may dis/agree and/or find it an interesting read. It's in the usual place at <url>"Why was this was such an effective scam?". Comments welcome as ever. WHAT IF: WeTag is actually purposely allowing the negative feedback and kickstarter to suspend their project to generate tons of free publicity, for when it does legitimately come out everbody will have heard of it from multiple press sites!! Genius!! @Charles R I have yet seen one be deleted for any reason. Ha, they are starting to stack up, and are getting good responses of the truth. Now they are promoting "pre-order". That is even more dangerous, for that money is gone before any goal is met in mosh cases. Incidentally WeTag's Facebook page is the new standup comedy venue for the boys. <url>#home This is very upsetting, was looking forward to using these unique products. Anyways will go purchase a much better product with actual history from the Phone Halo team. TrackR Bravo. <url>#home @James, sniffer dog? @Roma.... dream shattered. I didn't tell you, my bag didn't arrive in San Fran from Minneapolis.... I was dreaming of tracking it with my iScam. Now what?!!!! Yes, I have seen that site, thats where I found out that mprinter was a scam. I have an entire database of scam projects over at <url>"KS Vigilante" section of your organization and shut down more projects than you may so inadvertantly give birth to. Next - hunt down Vertus & The Lomography Smartphone Film Scanner as well as The Pocket TV: Makes any TV a Smart TV Many backers with faith in KS shattered. No noise made, but money lost.... Way to go KS - now clean up the rest of your platform and everyone will make nice once again.......... If all projects were monitored and had specialist backers with fact based queries that took nothing for granted - KS would be paradise..... Mmm ... First mPrinter, now iFind, both from tExas. Should Kickstarter automatically bar any project with that cutesy name style originating from the lOne sTar sTate? Just to name a few that burned me... <url>"TrackR products are legit." In the sense they exist, true. "I have some of there early products." So do I. You want them? You pay for shipping, I'll send them to you as a gift. They are rubbish. TrackR products are legit. I have some of there early products. On the other side of the world and just got the news. Is it true there's a siege going on in downtown Plano TX but police are having trouble iFinding the perps? I predict something like this will bob up on Indiegogo within a year or so. I will NEVER back anything on that platform. Well done everybody. Over and Out! Kickstarter - Thank you for ensuring the validity of projects. Disappointed that the iFind isn't real, but thankful that we all weren't fleeced. I reported this project to KS yesterday for being a scam and since they can't even show us a proof of concept or an finished product I felt it violated against KS's policys and referred to the latest comments and that this would do some serious damage on KS's image if this was a scam. It felt good that they took it seriously and looked into it. Been burned by Indigogo projects in the past.. At least KS listen and try to protect users. No thanks! It could be kickstarter that created the project just to cancel it and be Heros. This user's account has been deleted. It's good that Kickstarter is STARTING to be more responsive, but where were they very recently with the Trinity Wind Turbine project. AT least iFind APPEARED to be breaking the laws of physics but there was some uncertainty - but Trinity definitely were - it is utterly impossible to achieve what they claim, they simply ignored reasoned comment to this effect and Kickstarter took no action at all. I could believe that, given their backgrounds, the iFind team got a bit carried away with their claims. Whereas the Trinity people made solid claims which had no possibility of being true. Kickstarter has a way to go yet before it is even half safe, alas. As long as they refuse to be involved when utter technical scams are presented intelligent non-technical people are at risk. They where put between a rock and a hard place,either do nothing and get over 50K in commission and get slated from every tech site out there,or suspend this,loose 50K on commission and be the heroes. I'm convinced it was the media coverage and only that reason they closed it.Not good for business. Good news. No one gets ripped off today! Common sense prevails. For those that are butt-hurt, do you really think you would of gotten refund or that this was even legit. Nope. Infairness the only reason KS stepped in is all the bad press it would get if they didnt simple a.They took their bloody time BTW, I did create a new blog for projects such as this one, <url>"To all of the "iFinders" We thank you for your support of iFind and support Kickstarter’s decision to suspend the campaign. Not in any way because of the fact that we are a scam. WE ARE NOT!! The negative publicity surrounding the campaign by a select few was detrimental not only to Kickstarter’s reputation, but our company as well. Because of all the negative press that was generated by it, we had seriously considered canceling as well. But we believe in our product and wanted to be able to give all the genuine backers who supported us throughout all of this negativity, the product they wanted and believed in. We stand proud. We will start selling the product when it is completely certified by independent laboratories. We welcome our supporters to continue to get updates at our website (www.wetaginc.com) and via social media and we look forward to a successful launch in the fall. We also welcome any inquiries and encourage you to stay in touch throughout the upcoming months for updates. Please contact Diana Ennen at <email> or Laurie Hurley at <email>. Thank you once again for your continued support." Good work from all here inc the radio engineers. @Bruce, I did a design (not built) for a kinetic version, ID tags were added to clothes, and the regular use of a washing machine let the spin cycle charge up a tiny magnetic charger, like a shaking torch. "A review of the project uncovered evidence of one or more violations of Kickstarter's rules, which include: • A related party posing as an independent, supportive party in project comments or elsewhere • Misrepresenting support by pledging to your own project • Misrepresenting or failing to disclose relevant facts about the project or its creator • Providing inaccurate or incomplete user information to Kickstarter or one of our partners " Wow...so from this I take it that KS checked their logs and via comparing IP addresses, must have found that some "supportive" commentors were actually the Creator? And pledging to their own project...maybe this is why the total pledge amount continued to grow? They had nothing to lose if backing their own project, just pay the money to themselves, LOL. I'm glad to see that KS did finally respond to all the reports, although they sure waited until the last minute. I bet the Creator crapped a brick. @Charles - I suspect the vast majority of them will do nothing more than be satisfied they were right about this project. @Charles. I'm going to be crying myself to sleep ;) Special thanks to all my buddies including: Kitty, Len, Warren Coakley, Roma, DrTune, Jeffrey Price, Low Chong Hung, Jessan Payen, Marcel M., Robert Khoe, The JJ @Bruce: XY hasn't even delivered their product yet, and neither their iOS nor Android app are live yet, so I'm not sure how you grade it "ok". I'm a backer of theirs and look forward to seeing how well their tag operates, but it's a bit premature to pass any kind of judgment. Wow, finally suspended practically during the final hour. The total pledge amount was continuing the skyrocket too, I had already twice revised my guesstimate of the final amount (525k, 550k). If not closed I would have revised again to 600k. This was a crazy ride, I wonder what the comment spammers will do now that they will have nothing new to post here and on their blogs :) Glad to be wrong, however I'd like to see some follow up to this both in terms of just what was going on ie where was this "update", who involved etc luckily the media may witch hunt this info down now and for someone (else) to actually build this concept but with realistic size, energy consumption etc.. Possibly kinetic rather than EM based. It's possible but just not in the way this creator made out. So, any good competitors that work on Android that you'd guys would recommend? I don't care for battery-free or long range features of this one. I just wanted a cost efficient BLE tag. This user's account has been deleted. The Tile is probably one of the better tags. XY is ok but they've had some issues. I tried to find a relevant energy harvesting patent application as mentioned by WeTag, but the number seemed incomplete for a US or European patent application. The use of "patent pending" is a legal word as here:<url>"Brock Casterton 1 minute ago Most of you guys are idiots" Says the one who backed this scam ... I hate to tell you this but that fact that you can chat here means you backed it too lol. "Brock Casterton 1 minute ago Most of you guys are idiots" Says the one who backed this scam ... @Mitchel Johnson: your card has not been charged, money is still in your pocket. So don't worry! Most of you guys are idiots, read the damn email it automatically sent you stop complaining on here. @Monda. See my megapost below (people still aren't reading comments? America is doomed lol) @Mitchel. They never took your money. It was suspended before they took your pledge out. You never got charged, thats one of the main reasons I like kickstarter over indiegogo, you don't get charged unless they are fully funded. @mitchel you never lost your money. The project was never completed so the money was never charged. @sorphin: I didn't want it to be fake. I was 99% sure that this was fake. It has nothing to do with emotions ... I am not emotionally attached to this project or Kickstarter. At least not more than I am emotionally attached to all other capitalist companies/websites/projets/etc. ... DO I GET MY MONEY BACK!!!!??? What happened ? What happened ? @kitty: with careful preparation instead of some failures on this project. It could be. @kitty no, the trolls are the ones who wouldn't stop posting repeatedly the same damn things, who seemed to want it to be fake. as for my $.. I'm not that worried about it.. kickstarter is a risk in itself.. look at myIDKey (another project I backed).. i wound up getting a refund, because they kept changing things so much after funding, and then eventually went bankrupt. Everyone likes to tell me that 'kickstarter isnt' a store' blah blah blah. Then you have to accept the risk involved. Time to move on to whatever else is out there, you guys have fun with the comments. I'm out. Hmmm... I guess now we'll never see the promised video showing off their working prototype... ;-) So far the only project that I been burned on is, <url>"recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. No one outside the company has seen anything including some of their main benefactors. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. 10) WeTag only posts to attack commenters and constantly accuses them of working for a competitor. They do this to move the important questions down thread where people won’t see them. 11) WeTag claims to update the FAQ’s “every single day” yet hasn’t touched them since June 10th. Before that, June 1st. 12) The patent numbers (US: 14281043 EU: 14172842.8) don’t yield results according the the US Patent Office. The "creators" based this project on hokey science, and they have a lack of respect for genuine concern. From day 1 their comments have been nothing but sarcastic, demeaning and hostile. This was a scam and couldn't prove otherwise to us or Kickstarter! The Refined Geek (best article imo) <url>"• A related party posing as an independent, supportive party in project comments or elsewhere • Misrepresenting support by pledging to your own project " Yeah ... we are the trolls ... be glad you didn't waste your money on their Hawaii vacation. Oh and thanks jeffrey, too! Thanks KS. I never believed fully in their claims and I was observing till the end, when I would have taken down my pledge. It is a pleasure that this time they acted and we do not have another visionairre affair (which I was lucky to escape). Thanks kickstarter. Faith in you restored. And thanks to people like sarah, dr tune, roma, kitty and the many others who were persistent in letting us know the red flags about the project. Lurked the comments section for weeks and glad this project has been shut down. Coming out from silently reading to say my thanks. Will keep this project in my Fav for a while to see happiness :) This could have been the second "Visionnaire Fountain Pen". I'm glad kickstarter caught this just before it gets funded. Sorry, what happened? meh. Well, it appears all the trolls won. If this was actually legit, you just ruined a good project. So I sure hope you were right, otherwise you're just stupid. What the hell happened here?! we win! W00t! What happened ? Well done peeps :) justice and common sense prevails! Done. Period. I definitely have faith in KS. Wow! Great job kickstarter! I feel very safe with you watching over things! Thanks!! Suspended... What I should say now :) @Jeffrey. Gah!! I knew they were pledging to their own kickstarter. Freaking rats! @Ian You are probably 100% right. WoW Kickstarter, you have gained my 100% trust back! awsome!!! Hello, This is a message from Kickstarter’s Trust & Safety team. We’re writing to notify you that the iFind - The World's First Battery-Free Item Locating Tag project has been suspended, and your $1.00 USD pledge has been canceled. A review of the project uncovered evidence of one or more violations of Kickstarter's rules, which include: • A related party posing as an independent, supportive party in project comments or elsewhere • Misrepresenting support by pledging to your own project • Misrepresenting or failing to disclose relevant facts about the project or its creator • Providing inaccurate or incomplete user information to Kickstarter or one of our partners Accordingly, all funding has been stopped and backers will not be charged for their pledges. No further action is required on your part. We take the integrity of the Kickstarter system very seriously. We only suspend projects when we find strong evidence that they are misrepresenting themselves or otherwise violating the letter or spirit of Kickstarter's rules. As a policy, we do not offer comment on project suspensions beyond what is stated in this message. Regards, Kickstarter Trust & Safety Rules Community Guidelines Terms of Use I imagine it took so long because KS gave ifind a window of time to correct all their problems and when ifind failed to do so within the window KS did what they had too. THANK YOU KICKSTARTER Yes! Kickstarter!!!! Funding Suspended! Not yet Ian, I reckon KS has some explaining to do. Why it took so long. Project suspended! all faith in KS restored? iFind is SUSPENDED! Well done KS! FINALLY! suspended? I take my hat off to you Al, for being very brave. I sure hope you get your money back later down the track. here is another example, they are not getting to much attention but I still figured it out with a couple of minutes on google. <url>#1 funded project ever. 9,000 backers * 10k = $90,000,000 Please enter a pledge amount of $10,000 USD or less. I just pledge 10k on this project.. I suggest everyone does the same to get this project shut down. I currently have 9 chipolos and about 6 in use atm, they are not bad, I have changed the battery on 2 of them so far, but overall its an ok device, I just want something more rugged, not plastic. @Simon The Chipolo video looked alright. I'm glad they worked fine for you. You are right though, battery claims are very vague. @Wesley kay, I personally don't listen to battery claims by any company, whether its a mobile phone manufacturer or bluetooth tag maker. its like mpg claims by car companies its an estimate in most cases way off the actual figures. I just want something that will work and the battery will last at least 1 month. better than buying tiles every year, I rather buy a large quantity of coin batteries through alibaba than a tile or other bluetooth tage with no interchangeable battery. @Simon Yes, I noticed that too, the customer relationship is more precious to them, which is great! However I'm still seeing too many negative comments for the first one for me, personally, to back the second. I'm not liking what I'm reading about the batteries dying way too fast too. But that's all my personal preference. I do hope for everyone's sake that their Bravo is much better and more reliable this time round :) Definitely deserve it more than these guys. @WeScam @Wesley Kay, The main difference I see with them over ifind is that they constantly comment and reply to their backers. The claim that they upgraded their device and I hope it is true, however they have delivered in the past even if it was a very bad attempt. @Rob Fair enough, glad that they worked for you. I hope their Bravo is much better :) @Rob W: did you not read my comments about their first product? The TrackR Bravo does seem like a good product too, but going by the previous model - the StickR TrackR, many many many people are complaining that the battery doesn't last as claimed, the tags are going off by themselves, the tag locations on the maps are VERY inaccurate, backers returning tags for refunds, while others not yet receiving their tags altogether... just to name a few. Here are the comments: <url>#comments So even though TrackR Bravo is their version 2, I think I still feel hesitant about a product that has so many claims, and even though they seem more transparent and honest, I'm yet to be sold. @wesley Regarding the first StickR TrackR, i got a pack of 10 of them, and like the Wallet TrackR i had some issues but at least for me, most of my issues were actually with the applications and issues with Bluetooth 4 working with Android at the time. I used my iPad with better success. I haev 1 wallet TrackeR and 2 of my 10 StickR TrackR devices in use today and working just fine now that i have a new Android phone with proper Bluetooth 4 support. The TrackR line is not perfect, but it is real, it does work, and they are continually improving the devices and app, so if you want to back something like this, they deserve it more than these guys.. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. That $1 is a great idea to stay in the loop. I've cancelled my original pledge and encouraged others I've initially pushed to support the project but wanted to see how it'll turn up. Man, we must have scared them off! How dare we ask for proof of a working concept that meets all their claims! This is so disappointing @WeTag. @kenneth: Agreed! I've paid more for novels that weren't half as entertaining as these comments! (for the record, I cancelled my original pledge and wasn't going to re-pledge at the $1 level, but finally decided I want to be "in the loop" after the funding period ends, just to see what comes out of this!) More answers = less comments. No answers and bullshit "technical documents" = lots of comments. KS not reacting to "No answers and bullshit 'technical documents'" = even more comments. @Ollie Heaviside: So you are suggesting that we should pledge $5000 even though we are convinced that this is scam? Does that make a lot of sense in your opinion? It's only natural that a fraudulent project will get a lot of postings by a few skeptics. I paid a $1 and I'm getting every bit of my moneys worth watching this show roll on. Wait for the finale !! Melissa says she is referring this to the T&S people (?) I have forwarded her cuts from the project page (doesn't Kickstarter have this already?) and Sarah's list (thanks Sarah) and the listing of web sites criticizing the projects science. Ollie, my number goes to 73 now. Melissa (Kickstarter) Jun 25 16:57 Hi Jeff, In order for our T&S team to see your report, can you please copy exactly what you told me on the project page itself. This will then be communicated to them differently than if I simply forwarded your message. Thanks for your understanding, Melissa jeff Jun 25 16:43 Melissa: I believe I have done that by reporting to you that this project has no prototype, no working model and refuses to answer questions. All clear violations of the few rules Kickstarter has. There are quite a few public blogs and websites reporting that this has all the makings of, or is actually a fraud. Please check the comments. Melissa (Kickstarter) Jun 25 16:33 Hi Jeff, If a project raises any concerns, please use the "Report this project" button at the bottom of the project page. Our Trust & Safety team reviews each reported project carefully. Thank you, Melissa jeff Jun 24 16:13 This is a very disturbing project that appears to defy all laws of physics. It cannot possibly exist as advertised by the Creators. I have contacted them for information, specifications and any pictures. No response. They identified specific patent applications buy those numbers do not exist at EU or US Patent authorities. You have a $500,000 scam on your hands and I have no idea how you and Amazon are going to look good when this blows up. Their Twitter feed repeats over and over that the product will be delivered October 2014 but there is not even a working model. I like Kickstarter, but there needs to be at least a modicum of policing on your part. Why can't you suspend the project until the Creator posts an actual prototype that is shown to work? Don't your few rules require a prototype? Bye doctors. I'm a first time baker and just signed to kickstarter for this, I pledged 80$, I did it 8 days ago. I have been skulking kickstarter for a while and finally found something fitting for me so thats what made me sign and pledge, probably also happened to others. I do read and comments and I am really skeptic, if the dev won't comment or update in the next few days with something even half convincing I'll probably drop my pledge. There's a similar product on indiegogo that needs batteries but I'm willing to swap to it, because it practical and looks way more real than this. I guess you guys killed the creator with your accusing words LOL. Correct me if i am wrong but we haven't seen hide or hair from them in almost a week. I'm out and canceling my pledge. I hope this isn't a scam and the product is real. That way I'll just buy it after it is finalized and a real product. Good luck. Looks like the iFind team have disabled the ability to comment on their Facebook PR page...d'oh! Nothing would surprise me on this project. Is it possible that this project is being gamed? To have so many first time Backers showing up for just this project seems odd. Skeptic's update: Since posting, 5000 views (from 4814 distinct IPs) of the google doc "Caveat Emptor!". Just added a few choice quotes from @Ollie who did a splendid job tearing the creators a new one a few weeks back as one of the early (and well informed) skeptics. I agree, this project is turning out to be "a tax on the stupid". I just wish the tax revenue was going to more a worthy cause. Data update. In the last 34 hours, backers have increased by 202 at an average pledge of $50.81. Pledge average has increased since my last update. Again, figures are net. @ Lyndsay Williams The list below shows the latest (12:30AM PDT 6/26) ten backers. You can see that they all except one backed only this iFind project. And they all newly joined KS. It may be true that these new backers never read the Comments section... Shinji Matsumoto <url>~2 hours ago) it has now been changed back to the "Original" stretch goal versions. Interesting. @Ollie: Unless there is another David Lee commenting here, you may want to revisit your findings. This comment that I am typing is actually only the 2nd comment I have EVER posted on Kickstarter. I most definitely have not posted 32 comments; check my profile :) Ollie you're too modest: <url>"assuming these are all alts of the same person" come from; you mean we all re-posted Sarah's summary list at one point. The idea of that was to keep it at the top of the pile (and as a kind of protest I guess) but, eh, think of it what you will. Stay skeptical! :-) Fun with Word macros! Wonder where all these comments are coming from? Here's the top ten comment contributors to this project so far: Kitty 146 Roma 113 DrTune 101 Asterix 98 Warren Coakley 87 Jeffrey Price 71 Len: iFind is a tragedy 61 Roger Sharp 51 Sarah 38 David Lee 32 Kriste Garrison / Sarah / Errys Frondarina / kitty / DrTune / Steven Stangle – 17 identical posts! Assuming these are all alts of the same person, they’ve authored over 300 posts. SO much bandwidth for $10 of pledges! ;> @David - I saw it change too. It is back to the "original" that you show, with the addition of two check marks. oh WeScam, still waiting for that video David, when I click on "HOME" above the stretch goals are still the same. Not sure where you are seeing these changes. I clears cache and reloaded... still the same. Why have the stretch goals been quietly changed? Key differences: - $250,000 stretch goal (titanium, gold, silver, bronze colours) is missing; and - $500,000 stretch goal now has no mention of "Last seen GPS location". Compare and see for yourself below: Original: <url>#1 Now: <url>#0 Good Morning / Afternoon Wetag, Still no new posts? information? Backer only updates? In 3 days, without information and updates I will be reconsidering my pledge and assessing my level of risk to exposure. on a side note if we all change our backing to $1 does the total shrink? if so we could cause this to fail.. A project green-lighted then culled by its backers. It would be a first for Kickstarter. A scary first but a good idea none the less. Where is the team of WeTag? @Rod: thanks for the link of trackR. Like the button and metal cover. Wish some one backs the top perk (10 for $99 ), and resell somewhere to save some bills :) Dr Tune. . . Owwwww. Looks like a kitty bite. "Zero power" is not right. You still need to hook up the pin to a potential via a 100k R or something :P Purely hypothetical - but why use an accelerometer at all? It's a gimmick. What's wrong with "squeeze to find", i.e. an internal button. Cheap, zero power, no false triggers from pets. If I wasn't constructing a Kickstarter scam I'd have a battery in there and I'd put my efforts into having as long a life as possible, minimising false alarms, and getting the best possible range. However, I'm not; the market is getting saturated with options already, it's hard to make one that works as well as people expect them to - most of all - the margins aren't very good. @Simon, I disagree about high hopes of Bravo. The predecessor (StickR TrackR) was hopeless - I had 10 of the blighters. And it had little to do with Android's BT issues - I have an iPhone. I agree that Bravo seems a bit more real than iFind, but so is Father Christmas. Well, Kitty. With a half a million dollars maybe we could figure it out. 'Course we still have the other 11 items on our list to figure out. Maybe DrTune got a better idea on how to implement the shake thingy with minimum power consumption ... in a way that will not trigger the BT chip after just 1 or 2 false positives. But then you would need to have the accelerometer always on ... and you would need some yController to interpret the shaking ... or at least some debouncing and a shift register or some counter ... so that it only wakes up the BT chip after 3-4 shakes? You probably only need a 1-axis accelerometer. Just like you would shake an old (fever) thermometer around only 1 axis ... plus you would shake it pretty hard ... way harder than a cat usually "shakes"? Thanks Dan. I wasted some time too. I appreciate your effort on what you would put in the thing using known technology and used the volume measures provided by the manufactures. You did more than the WeTaggers by stating model numbers. In short, the cubic mm will not work. Something will have to be customized ( that's big, big dollars per unit) to fit the form factor. A shake probably produces a lot more g than a simple walk. If your cat lands as hard as you can shake a tag then your mobile should probably ring anyway because your cat prolly fell out of the 5th floor ... @jeffrey To identify the difference between a walk and a shake requires a three axis accelerometer. A walk has forward movement, combined with an up and down motion, while a shake is a side to side movement. A time interval can also be specified as to when the motions need take place, in relation to each other. @andrew, honestly if you are looking for a good alternative, check out the TrackR line of devices. They have done two different lines on Indiegogo, overall delivery has been as promised, the app hasnt been perfect but from what i understand a lot my issues were early on due to Androids limited BT4 support, There newest TrackR Bravo is pretty small, and very real - <url>"I really like the shake to find.." I can't find any reference from WeTag to an actual accelerometer, the media seems to have added this. The piezo audio bleep can be used as a zero power motion or tap detector. However device is waterproof so not sure how loud sound is. An incredible project re RF power harvesting. Just managed my pledge down to 1$... I had really missed that this was a fraud. Thanks for all the comments! When the tag is hanging on cat's collar it surely can charge, because cat = static energy ;) I stay in, want to see what happens. @Roma please post in their comments page that you found pluggy through me. I just check and I noticed I forgot to make a post for them, better late then never; <url>"Recycling Electromagnetic Energy? iFind, Surely You Jest"..<url>#.U6santoayK0 Quite an impressive list of features for a product that starts shipping October 1. Thought about leaving, but they can have my $1. There is usually a risk being too close to a major disaster, but for a buck? I'm in. Never seen a half million dollar boat sink in person. 1) 32 x 27 x 2.4 mm in size 2) “No Battery, Period” 3) 12 colors. 4) Each tag has a unique encrypted ID 5) 200 foot range and a "shake to find" function (automatically wakes app on phone, the accelerometer in each iFind tag will be able to differentiate between your dog moving with it on the collar and you shaking it). 6) Audible beep loud enough to be heard on a normal street at 30 yards 7) In everyday environment, the Wi-Fi transmitters, cell-phone antennas, TV masts, and so on will keep it charged, so it will never die. 8) iOS App and Android App exist now (implied, but maybe not?) “We plan to launch the Windows application later.” 9) The Rope function allows owner to set an adjustable distance for each tag; once out of this range, both the tag and the phone will alert the owner. 10) "Last Seen GPS Location" function added at $500,000 11) “List” functions available for every tag. Production Timeline Housing, Flex circuit and Packaging – All Complete by June 30 ATE Placement (ATE is not defined anywhere) – Completed by July 31 Pre-Production run and Testing - August 31 Production Run – September 30 Shipping – Start Oct 1 @Simon I suspect the number of pledges is increasing due to the recent flurry of news stories that you linked below. Any press is good press in this case! Am I the only one who shares a sneaking admiration for what the 'creators' are about to pull off? Best to just think of this whole mess as a 'tax on the stupid'... like the Lottery. @Simon, yes I checked your stuff out and backed Pluggy Lock with only 3 hours to go. Been wanting something similar for yonks. So if I have nothing else to thank the hapless WeTag mob for ... mentioned* @Roma, good idea, if you read my post "<url>" for ifind I mentions three other projects that have disappointed me. Over all I have backed 141 projects to this date, I think about 6-9% of them either didn't deliver or are still working out the "kinks" in their products. Over all I am more cautious about backing new projects, I will always be a backer. Jeffrey, it is pretty clear they're talking about the phone battery. Amidst all the other necessary scrutiny and speculation let's not get too carried away with bashing/misrepresenting their already weak claims. This user's account has been deleted. @Simon, if Kickstarter doesn't act will you change your avatar to "I WAS a Backer"? @Greg @Simon. You guys are so behind the times. I have a perpetual motion machine in my basement that powers the whole house. Greg Doyle, Well said, I think I will do the same. who needs "Cold Fusion", these people found the real free energy and they have accomplished it easier and faster than anyone... Refers to the users' pacemaker batteries, I expect. In their FAQ's: "We do not let the APP search for tags in background without notifying the users due to both battery life and privacy concerns." BATTERY LIFE? I thought you didn't need no stinkin' battery! Nicola Tesla would be proud of these men and women, he could not accomplish what this team has done. First, I am going to buy 20 or 30 thousand of these things, wire them into my house, and replace the PV solar panels on my roof. Then buy a Prius, and fill the trunk with these things, wire them to charge the batteries, and then I will have unlimited range. I guess whenever too many of these tags are in the same place, they will suck all the power from a cell tower, so phones will no longer work. We will need to be careful with that, it could be a real problem. Excuse me while I go call Verizon and tell them to turn the cell towers power up to at least 11. I dont understand this, yesterday they had $520k now they have $530k? Does anybody read the comments pages before pledging? How many more websites have to make posts about this campaign before it is taken down... I am A Backer <url>"employment" for the last 5 years. "If there be time to expose through discussion the falsehood and fallacies, to avert the evil by the process of education, the remedy to be applied is more speech, not enforced silence." Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis, Whitney v. California, 1927. 4 days to go and the funds still keep going up. @Bruce. You're projecting a bit... I never said that the articles justify anything. I'm more pointing out that media is picking up the story. Keep Calm. Waste Money. booyah! It's laughable that providing links to online news outlets covering the POTENTIAL story makes you think you are justified in your actions.. As for KS, lots of speculation of what they may or may not be doing and guess what it's just that.. Speculation. They will be in close contact with the creator that is for sure. @Jeffery: Exactly. They can just state "This smells why to fishy and this is way too intransparent and the creator behaves like a complete a**hole ... none of this meets our quality standards. Goodbye." I don't believe that ANYONE of the KS staff thinks that this is legit. Either they need time for dealing with law agencies or they just hope that the media shitstorm will settle and to collect some $$$. @Dan the problem is that some people are easily persuaded by pretty pictures and rhetorics without looking into too much details. While other people simply don't have the technical background to judge the validity of a project. Sadly I have to admit I fell into both categories at the start of this project.In both cases, we would have absolutely no idea whether we're being scammed or not until someone with the expertise, who know how to ask the right questions, comes along. I completely understand that ultimately only you can make the decision of whether you would stay in or back out from the project. But to blindly dismiss warnings would be a foolish act. I can see you are an intelligent man. And there must be a good reason for you to stay so positive about this project. And I respect that. But by implying being scammed is inconsequential or the fact that a person could walk away with $550k+ by preying on good intentions is unavoidable... it's like the old Nigeria prince emails targeting the elderly (maybe like your grandparents/parents). In this case are you really not going to warn them because they didn't know people could be so nasty? Will you allow them simply to throw their money away? If you are wondering why people are still backing this. I just came accross a question in another project: which read something like whether product X could utilise the same ***kinetic*** energy method as iFind. Someone below suggested not all (new) backers read the comments. I think not al (new) backers read even the project page. Bobby at igagetnews.net had earlier posted a favorable blurb about iFind at <url>’ve research further and found other articles which the same concerns regarding this Kickstarter project. Thank you for taking the time to present the information to me. I will change my pledged and forward your information on to others. We’ll have to wait and see if the iFind becomes a reality. Regards, -- Bobby Sent with Airmail Your assumption is correct, Jeffery. Ultimately, I will not be disappointed in the outcome as this has been my own decision to make all along. I even have another 4 days to change my pledge should I so choose. I won't even hold it against kickstarter if I end up keeping my pledge but not receiving a device. Extreme Tech <url>"shouldn't" or "couldn't" act in this case is misplaced. KS is a business first and foremost. They will do what is in their best interest. The only leverage society has against any company is to threaten their income. I believe (and I would hope that KS believes) that allowing 9,613 people to be disappointed by this scam is such a threat. I assume that no matter what happens, you will not complain so I did not include you in the disappointed column. @kitty as Dan as mentioned, the unanswered questions and evasive postings wouldn't be enough proof legally, but it is up to Kickstarter to proactively enforce their own rules. The next step would be to have some sort of regulation of sites such as Kickstarter to make sure that projects keep to the requirements set (i.e, sufficient updates, prototypes if required, legitimate technical detail in a timely manner) which those that like to play fast and loose won't like. <url>·fi·dence man noun old-fashioned term for con man. I suppose, in the end, we disagree on "getting ripped off." Regardless of the outcome of this project, I wouldn't hesitate twice to back another project on Kickstarter should I feel it is worthy. My expectation when signing up for Kickstarter and backing a project is that it is ultimately up to me to decide whether or not I feel a project is worth backing or if it's a scam. I have no reasonable expectation of Kickstarter to "protect" me from my own decisions. Kitty- generally speaking, I don't believe "100 unanswered questions and 400 evasive postings" would stand as "proof" in the legal world no matter how strongly you feel about it. Oh ... that's $43 million in over four years. Ok, so maybe there really is economic pressure involved here? I don't understand why a company would need 81 people to run a very basic site like this (even with PR/customer care/law overhead). I could probably run it together with another skilled engineer and a html/design guy given today's technologies like Amazon AWS and all those databases natively supporting HA setups, etc. ... But ignoring the economic pressure they got for employing 80 people (~3-4 million $ for salaries a year?) they still have all the economic freedom to wave projects goodbye: "Kickstarter takes 5% of every successfully funded project, so while it has brought in $859 million in donations, the site itself has made only an estimated $43 million in revenue since launch. (A source at Kickstarter has confirmed that the actual figure is close to this; the site didn’t take a cut from funded projects for the first few months.) For a “tech” startup—at least among those that make any money at all—$43 million in cumulative revenue over four years is a vanishingly small number. " Maybe they need to spend 1 million on hosting (probably more like 100k) and a few million on marketing and for legal services. That still leaves them with more than 30 million profit. @Jassen: They got enough proof ever since last week. 100 unanswered questions and 400 evasive postings is all the proof they need. It's their fucking site. Also if I was responsible for this site I would have issued a warning about unacceptable communication (answering technical questions with stuff like "You must be a competitor!") together with a deadline of 2 days to provide real technical evidence and real numbers on Monday. Clearly the guy behind this project is unwilling to behave in a transparent and productive way. That alone would be all the justification I would need to close this down. But I also do not care about money at all. So my decisions would not be biased by my potential revenue. "Behave or get removed." @Dan I'd rather use a system that enforces some basic ethical principles that protect people from getting ripped off. Kickstarter already suspend blatant scams, or investigate potentials, so there is no reason why they haven't done anything about this project yet. Reasonably, they can suspend the project until they've obtained some modicum of proof (something tangible) and that should be enough to satisfy a third party of it's legitimacy. As others have mentioned already, it appears that Kickstarter has as much to lose from suspending this, but it's certainly not doing their reputation much good. @kitty I wasn't trying to suggest you change your point of view i just like the facts to be accurate. :D :P @Ian Hamilton: Even if they only get 2% of the cake ... I don't support people who come up with excuses because of some money. We got enough of those companies and people already ... "Oh yeah ... those trillions of liters of oil from our oil spill ... not really a problem ... you know it's a natural product ... it will be fine ..." if this is scam I hope someone else will try to design an Ifind tracker in the next future. the idea sounds really good! At the moment in case I will opt for battery version..somewhere else @kitty i think KS starter only get 5% of the the cake. @Jeffrey Price: They should care about their image and not about legal terms. I decided not to back anything on Kickstarter in the future. Not only because of this project but because it appears that KS does not care that much about scam/fraud as they would IF it wasn't for their 10% slice of the cake. I usually avoid corrupt people and doing stuff for money that is against your own view is the definition of corruption. I also don't use eBay for the very same reason. @Jeffery, isn't that the purpose of the Kickstarter T&C's? I understand that everyone will sit here and argue all day that the video doesn't show a working prototype but it's also in the T&C that kickstarter does not investigate the claims of the inventors. Wetag said early on that the screens on the phone were changed by their production company (true or not this is a fairly common practice when putting together stuff like this). So at the end of the day, I think Kickstarter's position is probably as long as the company shows something reasonable (in their eyes, not the wetag crusaders'), then it is not their policy to determine what is and is not real. That's why backers are allowed to pull their funding at anytime during the pledge period. Hunt down wetag all you want, it's your free time, but I think Kickstarter is the wrong thing to chase. It seems like Kickstarter was designed in a way that they remain neutral and let the backers decide what they want to fund. I think a very bad precedent would be set if they were all the sudden forced to actively police each and every project. Title is confusing??? It should have an internal battery or it will only run directly on the so called harvested energy. It seems the device does not need a battery because it doesn't work. It can only be used to harvest money by it creators. @Creator So, which top-tier universities have you contacted and what was their reaction? #stretchgoal Possible Kickstarter position from their legal. Inform WeTag of all the concerns of Backers. Advise them of the rules we have in place concerning prototypes, communication, etc. Wait until funding closes before making any decision - we still control the funds until we green light Amazon. This gives the Creator all opportunity to meet the stated rules and goals and they can't blame KS for pulling the plug prematurely. Legally speaking they have not breached our rules until the funding time runs out. They "may" solve all the problems at the last minute. Incidentally, KS gets lots of press during the fight and if we pull it after close of funding we look like good guys. Less than 5 days to go. The address that was used to register TESS is identical to the address of the president of WeTag, Wanda Klimek. <url>"Virtual Assistant Tips-How to keep your clients from bolting" Maybe I should send the creator a link... No prototype,no real evidence of this technology then it breaks Kickstarter's rules. They are just coming across as money hungry at this stage,once this ends and they get paid they don't care. And another thing,do you honestly think you are going to get his in October too? It's clear from that video everyone is linking to (as a former electronic engineer) that Leo Laporte isn't as informed and knowledgable in this field as he thinks and more so the old man seems totally clueless.. Only the Rev guy seems to know this field and he's not the one making snap judgements. Just saying. @Giorgio Di Paolo: Why are there still billions of people legitimizing a socioeconomic system which destroys our society and planet? Because: Intelligence, rationality and empathy feature a normal distribution ... Hi I just wanna say, I backed this project since it was interesting then I read some of the comments and I became doubtful. But if it is a scam why is there still such high value? Wow, some bigger boys are putting this on their radar. Nice. I'm probably gonna pull my pledge in the last hour, but I will enjoy the circus. i still don't understand after about 5 to 7 write ups on various sites and platforms they have still not taken an action again this campaign? I will certainly be writing bad press against KS if this project goes through as they have had plenty of warnings about it and yet still no working prototype which is in their rules. i have had some mails back from Engadget and wired,very interested in discussing this project and what i think of kickstarter. "iFind: A Suspected Scam that still raised $500,000" <url>"There will be a statement and/or another update before our campaign ends. Thanks for commenting." Of course there will. 1 day before this ends. It will be full of bullshit and contain zero relevant/technical information but it will be enough so that KS can say "They tried." and enough for both of them to keep their money. Profit is an ugly incentive. This is an actual product but with super secret alien technology from a far away galaxy... LOL yeah right. LOL. WeTag hires a PR person in Florida and another in California!! Paul McArthur must be peeing his pants. Here is a short writeup ( <url>"recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. No one outside the company has seen anything including some of their main benefactors. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. 10) WeTag only posts to attack commenters and constantly accuses them of working for a competitor. They do this to move the important questions down thread where people won’t see them. 11) WeTag claims to update the FAQ’s “every single day” yet hasn’t touched them since June 10th. Before that, June 1st. 12) The patent numbers (US: 14281043 EU: 14172842.8) don’t yield results according the the US Patent Office. I'd up my pledge to a 5 pack if they proved to have a workable concept. I'd accept it being 2x or 4x as thick. I'd accept it needing a battery and charging once a month. I'd accept a lot of wiggle room on this project. But the "creators" deserve no such assurances based on their hokey science and lack of respect for genuine concern. From day 1 their comments have been nothing but sarcastic, demeaning and hostile. This is obviously a scam! Extreme Tech <url>#9 is my favourite out of the Tweets - Name your price for 500 iFinds. Ok, i'd like my $1 pledge to reward me with 500 iFinds. More chance of iFinding 500 socks i've lost in my washing machine In Kickstarter Anyone thought about contacting Spark Capital... they're an investor. @Tina W. I am wondering how you found out this info as I just noticed that you are not a backer of this project? So it looks like that, by hiring these PR ladies, WeTag decided to push ahead to get this money regardless. From Diana's website (<url>"A leader in the PR and VA Industry, Diana is the one to turn to when your books or products aren’t selling or the lack of clients is hampering your business success." Sounds like WeTag's B.S. machine is getting ready to go into high gear. It looks like they are open to media interviews: <url>~9 weeks (their schedule). They then deliver tags that meet their claims, roughly on time. How awesome would that be? Genuinely pretty cool actually, and the believers are doubly happy (they get cool devices AND they get to be right). The skeptics eat humble pie. OR b) Wetag save face; cancel this KS project, issue a statement along the lines of "With an increasing amount of unjustified negative publicity we've realized we didn't handle the launch as well as we'd like; we've decided we'll regroup, do more prep work, get better demos and some independent verification, and relaunch this in the near future". No harm no foul, no backers feel ripped off, the mob puts down pitchforks and leaves quietly. People basically give Wetag the benefit of the doubt regardless of how things look right now. If they don't currently have the evidence for option A, this seems like a great way to defuse the situation and avoid option C which is... c) Continue to bluff it out while presenting no hard evidence, and try to pick up the cash. Trying this one's _really_ going to enrage the angry mob; it will be very entertaining though. If they manage to bag the loot, there will be an incredible amount of scrutiny; the story will become "These guys took half a million bucks, what did it go?". They've set themselves a terribly short production timeline so it won't get too boring - and backers are unlikely to be forgiving of delays, assuming the worst. On the other hand, if there are long delays, or failure to deliver anything (at least that matches their claims), we've got ~9000 people who lost their money and have a bunch of smart-alecks saying "We told you so!". Kickstarter get egg on face also. What's it to be? P.S. I'm with @Charles - this circus is great; I'm on the side of science & math, he's on the side of blind faith & rooting for the underdog. I've got salted, caramel and cheesy popcorn here, can rustle up some natchos if you're in the mood. Patent numbers: They were called application numbers in a comment. Is it possible to verify application numbers at all? I didn't find a way to do that. @Sarah I collected a total of nine. But you got the three most important I guess (and a couple aren't that independent anyway ;-) ). Data update. In the last 24 hours, backers have increased by 125 at an average pledge of $48.93. Again, figures are net e.g. 175 backers might have joined and 50 left. So is there only one person left in the entire universe who believes this might not be a scam? @Ian Hamilton? It is apparently possible to get a 4 year battery life from Bluetooth Low Energy - but with a small coin battery, here is data from the manufacturer, CSR. <url>"scam", it has been totally worth witnessing this circus. I can't give WeTag the benefit of the doubt anymore. The evidence points to this being a scam. Unfortunate as I was looking forward to having a couple in my hands. Reduced my pledge to $1 until just the end. iFind PR on Twitter are celebrating at crossing $525K raised. I wonder when they'll update their Kickstarter page? Maybe we'll see that illusive prototype, or learn something new and credible? :-o wait a patent can only be 7 numbers long??? So what once 10,000,000 things have been invented we have to release everything else as open source??? seems legit LOL @Robert Khoe, already done! I added them to my list (my post 4 hours ago). I also added the patent numbers that don't lead anywhere recently. Well, I am getting at last what I have been asking for all along ... There are publications appearing in independant media. @Sarah Maybe you can put all those links in your list of observations? I am very interested in how this project works, so I have emailed the WeTag Director, Department of Business Development who is a Professor of Mathematics at UCLA, to ask how it works. Director was mentioned home page of this project. Dang I just jump on board, and now it looks like a bust like what I'm reading. No working prototype is the biggest read flag. Apparently, from the Twitter feed, there exists two apps (iOS and Android) that have developed enough to have a "UHelp" feature and a "+" button that sends the signal to the gadget. Can you show us any screen shots? Any at all? Actual Quotes From the iFind Twitter feed. There are about 15 canned feeds that repeat each day, hardly varying. This appears to be a PR company paid to post a certain number of feeds each day from an approved scripted list. Pick your favorite (mine’s #12). 1) The iFind should last TWO DECADES, as long as it is not subject to extraordinary physical abuse! 2) The iFind tag communicates with your iOS or Android devices using Bluetooth and will never need to be charged. 3) Every iFind has a unique ID! 4) Will be shipping in October of 2014 5) The surface area is smaller than a quarter of one credit card 6) The "Rope" allows you to set a distance for iFind and once it is out of range, the tag & the phone will alert you 7) The patent pending ideas collect and store the electromagnetic energy that is all around us 7(b) iiFind 's tags collect and store the electromagnetic energy around us through its patent pending process 8) iFind comes in tons of colors 9) If you wish to order more than 500 #iFind tags, please contact us. We will gladly negotiate the price and even customize a tag label for u 10) iFind tag is environmentally friendly as it uses no batteries and is made of a biocompatible plastic 11) Using a iFind tag is as easy as starting the iFind app and pressing the "+" button 12) Lost UR sunglasses in the abyss you call your purse? Locate them by attaching an iFind tag Hello Jian, I did not find anything under that patent number. Do you have a link please? @Jian H - from the U.S. Patent Office website: "Searching US Patents Collection... Results of Search in US Patents Collection db for: PN/14281043: 0 patents. No patents have matched your query" Also from the Patent Office website: "All patent numbers must be seven characters in length, excluding commas, which are optional." That number you were given is 8 characters long. More Mails. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Jun 24 15:40 Hi Warren, We're not able to comment on investigations or actions made against users or projects on Kickstarter. I apologize for any inconvenience. Best, Megan warrencoakley Jun 24 14:34 And another. <url>"...WeTag currently has four pending patents, including "Battery-less locator system." The application numbers of this patent are: US: 14281043 EU: 14172842.8..." Did anyone find anything under these numbers? Whoever is maintaining the @iFindAPP twitter handle just replied to one of my tweets regarding the press as follows: "A statement will be coming soon. There will always be critics, right? No worries!" Wow...so what do you guys and girls think? Lol! "Battery-free gadget may be a wild $500,000 Kickstarter scam" bgr.com/2014/06/24/kickstarter-wetag-ifind-scam/ Hello, you claim "patent pending" on your design. Do you have a patent number? Here are the legal rules on using the term "patent pending" <url>"Co-founder" <url>"President" The genius behind WeTag Media and Customer Service <url>#14 says "I have not even created a LinkedIn profile". Well Paul, maybe your girlfriend created it but this is your profile <url>"recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. No one outside the company has seen anything including some of their main benefactors. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. 10) WeTag only posts to attack commenters and constantly accuses them of working for a competitor. They do this to move the important questions down thread where people won’t see them. 11) WeTag claims to update the FAQ’s “every single day” yet hasn’t touched them since June 10th. Before that, June 1st. I'd up my pledge to a 5 pack if they proved to have a workable concept. I'd accept it being 2x or 4x as thick. I'd accept it needing a battery and charging once a month. I'd accept a lot of wiggle room on this project. But the "creators" deserve no such assurances based on their hokey science and lack of respect for genuine concern. From day 1 their comments have been nothing but sarcastic, demeaning and hostile. This is obviously a scam! Extreme Tech <url>"emergency press release" ready to dispatch. fair enough, lets just hope they jump in before its too late. According to their "jobs" page KS is a group of 80 people with maybe 3-4 people who can decide which project gets suspended. So there is no real overhead if they wanted to stop this for violating their very own rules. I bet the support girls even know those people from their catering/lunch/whatever. This is no 6000 employee company with sophisticated reporting lines. There are little excuses for not stopping this for the mentioned reasons. @kitty, i agree, it really should have been shutdown a while ago, but i will give them the benefit of the doubt until the project closes.. i know what its like to be completely overworked and not have the time to fully address something.. Maybe im just making excuses for them, and thats fine.. but if this completes uninterrupted, it will be a tragedy. " i will truly start to question my faith in the KS Platform if they ignore this. " I would already question that right now. If it takes people to trigger a major media shitstorm for KS to even consider reacting ... that tells you a lot about the people behind KS. if this project goes though without an investigation i will be very disappointed. I have backed a very large number of projects and generally for a notable amounts when i feel they are worth it. i will truly start to question my faith in the KS Platform if they ignore this. They just need to suspend it and allow the project owner a week to prove its valid, if they can do that i would be happy.. if they cant, then it should be canceled. These guys are about to walk away with half a mil scam... part of me envies it, but i really hope they dont get the money. @Len @kitty & @ Kean. I'll be adding the articles to my ever-expanding list. Thank you!! They are still advertising this project onTwitter ... balls of steel I'd say. <url>"rules" which have been clearly broken means they too could be on the hook from a) Amazon Payments (who will get inundated with charge backs), b) Class Action Lawsuits, c) Possible regulatory/government action for knowingly allowing a fraud to continue, benefiting from proceeds of crime, failing to exercise due care in order to profit ... KickStarter have been made fully aware of this situation for weeks - you OWE it to 9500+ backers to clarify what steps (if any) you have taken to validate/invalidate the claims presented here Kickstarter, here is the press in the last 4 hours. Is your reputation worth $26,250.00? Extreme Tech <url>"Fuck our customers. This project violates our own rules (no transparency, no prototype) but we are corrupt and will take the $50.000. Thank you and have a good day." Can I quote your email in my own article? Now it's hit the media (the slashdot comments are pretty funny), the hipsters can get on board; I'm printing up "iBacked iFind and all iGot was this stupid tShirt" You know all of you who are raising cane about this project really should keep a pledge of $1. If the project turns out to be fake like you think you can gloat. but if it turns out to be real and they deliver a working product...you guys should come back and apologize. Unless of course you have to much pride to admit your wrong. Another mail back a moment ago guys. im stunned. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Jun 24 12:14 Hi Warren, If you're not satisfied with how a project is being run, the best thing to do would be to cancel your pledge. Backers support projects whose idea and creator they believe in, and if this creator has veered from what you initially intended to support, you're free to remove that support so long as the project is live. Best, Megan warrencoakley Jun 24 12:02 Hi i have used the report page many times and any other ways of contacting about this. This is clearly a fraudulent project and it has been uncovered by the backers. I uncovered one before for you and you suspended it,so whats the difference,you cannot let this ride out. Sounds like Kickstarter is getting money hungry form commission here. do whats right,or i will take to blogs and forums to tell people why you don't back with KS. This is a disgrace in the highest form,have you had a look art the comments section yet? As an aside, I'm not going to keep my $1 pledge when they met the deadline. While I'd love to see the shitstorm and contribute, I have too much pride to give these @WeTag yahoos or KS my insignificant dollar. 5 days to go WeTag. Prove me wrong. 9400 people are going to be so angry when this is over. Why doesn't KS think about that? This isn't a project where the creator gets behind schedule a bit. This is not possible and highly, highly suspect from the beginning. KS needs to re-think soon! This is most likely a scam, but it's a big one, and it's hip right now, so I want to be a part of it. Backed with $24, YOLO! Yeah ... it will come down to how much bad publicity $50.000 is worth. Welcome to fear, ego and competition based socioeconomic systems. Welcome to capitalism and getting away with whatever you can. Profit over common wealth. KS has enough "customers" and losing 20 of them is not as bad (for them) as losing $50.000 ... Email from last week ... Received: from zendesk.com (work07.pod1.ord.zdsys.com [192.168.100.142]) by out08.pod1.ord.zdsys.com (Postfix) with ESMTP id 81B9460D74 for ***; Thu, 19 Jun 2014 14:43:46 +0000 (UTC) Date: Thu, 19 Jun 2014 14:43:46 +0000 From: Melissa <email> Reply-To: <email> To: *** Message-ID: <email> In-Reply-To: <email> Subject: [Kickstarter] Re: Please stop this scam ... Thanks for contacting Kickstarter. [Kickstarter] Re: Please stop this scam ... Your request (#345421) has been updated. = If you have further questions or comments, you can add a comment by reply= ing to this email. ---------------------------------------------- Melissa, Jun 19 10:43 Hi ***, = Thanks for directing our attention to this project. I can see that you do= n't have any successful pledges to this project but it's considerate of y= ou to reach out on behalf of this project's backers. We'll pass this alon= g to our moderation team for them to review. = Best, Melissa If this turns out to be a hoax KS will not retrieve your money back and i doubt the creator's will give it to you either, you have less than 5 days to make a call on this. OK everyone here is the nail in the coffin from Kickstarter,it looks like they will not step in,due to the money they will make out of this project,here is the mail. Disgusting customer service. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Jun 24 11:54 Hi Warren, If a project raises any concerns, please use the "Report this project" button at the bottom of the project page. Our Trust & Safety team reviews each reported project carefully. That said, since this project is still live, if you feel that the creators have not sufficiently answered the questions you've asked of them, you can still visit the project page and click the blue "Manage your pledge" button. Scroll to the very bottom and click "Cancel Pledge." Please note that a pledge can only be cancelled while the project's funding period is live. Best, Megan warrencoakley Jun 23 09:09 Hi I have sent many mails and many tweets to you about this fraudulent/scammed campaign that you seemed to be ignoring and taken no action against what so ever. The creators have been caught out and you are still letting it go on? They have no working product,the video was a hoax,their theory for the project doesn't add up and they are impersonating people as Doctors etc. The address they gave us for their offices has been found out to be a rental property,home.apartment and not the lab they said they have,it goes on and on.Please go the comments field and read whats going on and stop this before these thieves do away with over 500k of our money. I'm stunned of your appalling lack of response to any of my mails and tweets you have sent. Its seems you care more for your commission out of campaigns then the people who put that money there in the first please. Without us you wouldn't be here,we are your paycheck. I have included the link below for you and i know im not the only one who has complained about this project. Please investigate this immediately as they only have 7 days to go. Im seriously doubting using ks again if you don't step in and do somethin about it. <url>²). I wonder if you can cascade those things and power a laser and cut through Fort Knox with a handheld device? Hmm ... Ok, enough offtopicness. Kitty: OMG free energy! That project makes the iFind look almost honest (Almost - not quite). You folks funding this project need to run to the Quantum Generator page and listen to Hope (that's her name). To quote Quantum Generator People: And guess what…………WE REACHED OVERUNITY!!!!! On 17th May 2014 in Morocco they reached 6 times overunity, [sic] which basically meant that the machine was capable of putting out six times more than than [sic] that which was coming in, and this figure has now risen to 33 times overunity!!!!Thus FREE ENERGY IS HERE! I’m no techy but I know what the implications of this are, and I understand that the engineers are now going to have to acknowledge quantum physics in a big way! At least Hope has a video and a group of scientists (I love the overdub where she talks about engineering precision to 18.5 thousandth of an inch and the guy in the picture is hacking away with a hand drill). Se also says that because there are so many unbelievers out there nobody gets an update or proof until she gets their money. iFind, take note. Hehe... I started the call for router make/model/output clarification after tech report 2 was released ... I'm no engineer so I guess I don't get any credit either... this mask that hides my anti-iFind identity is getting itchy :) @Jeffrey, ha! I'm fine with having my secret anti-iFind identity a secret from random Resister readers. We all know better :) The future of KS: <url>"Will this work on iPods as well?" Maddening twist of fate! These devices will ONLY work with the gen 1 iPod Nano. Not like KS did not receive multiple complaints and emails more than a week ago. So let's see if publicity will make them reconsider. $50.000 vs. integrity. After all this project is breaking their own rules. (No prototype whatsoever.) Told you if KS does nothing this will go viral ... <url>"funned out" on that one at the moment, since no matter what factual information or insight got injected into the discussion, a short while later it was just reiterating the exact same inanities verbatim again, and again, and again, and ... bleh. Kudos to you for sticking with it. I am hoping for the creators to provide some interesting updates to reinvigorate my interest in that project. Sure to happen when we get closer to shipping. @Jussi +1. Also, to paraphrase Benjamin Disraeli and Mark Twain : There are lies, damned lies and Kickstarter projects. Unrelated, but seen what's going on at AGENT right now? Interestingly, several famous people have over these past centuries uttered sentences that directly bear upon this project: . "In our reasonings concerning matter of fact, there are all imaginable degrees of assurance, from the highest certainty to the lowest species of moral evidence. A wise man, therefore, proportions his belief to the evidence." -- David Hume (1711 - 1776) . "The weight of evidence for an extraordinary claim must be proportioned to its strangeness." -- Pierre-Simon Laplace (1749 - 1827) . "An extraordinary claim requires extraordinary proof." -- Marcello Truzzi (1935 - 2003) . "Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence." -- Carl Sagan (1934 - 1996) . This product does make some extraordinary claims. However, it would seem that the body of evidence presented to date has, alas, fallen somewhat short of that mark. Will we see a change to this before the project expires? And if not, how will Kickstarter act? Looks like my guestimate of 525k total pledged will be too low. Perhaps 550k? RazorPointer: here's some other BLE projects that show how it should be done <url>"the 10dBm input signal you based your technical updates #1 on is impossible to receive at distances greater than a few milimeters in ideal conditions from an FCC approved home router", "the routers you state you tested in update 2 output a maximum of 1/3rd the signal strength you say you actually measured", "using your figures but a realistic (and highly favorable) 2.4Ghz RF field strength, the charge time for your device appears to be roughly 1000 times longer than you stated" c) ...no third party verification of your unique and unprecedented energy harvesting figures which according to calculations by at least two third parties (which you have doubtless seen but not challenged nor provided explanations for) appear impossible. d) ...no proof of any sort that you have constructed a device that is real, functions as stated or is anything but a nice idea. e) ..no demonstration (even on your own terms) of even an externally powered BTLE tag, which would indicate you have overcome the more mundane challenges facing all tracking tag manufacturers, including range (you claim 200ft) and usefully loud beeper volume. e) ...no adjustment to your published schedule which claims to have flex circuit, housing and packaging production completed in one week from now. Your schedule shows you entering mass device production in 3-4 weeks from now and shipping completed devices to backers in approximately 9 weeks from today. It would be prudent to either adjust the dates or demonstrate suitable progress towards those goals at this point. If you could also let us know by name which of your team members have been perfoming which duties (e.g. answering replies on this thread, doing hand-on engineering work) that would be good. I am curious to know which of your four listed team-members have actually held and tested a working iFind tag prototype that operates without batteries and acquires its operational power entirely from harvested RF energy. Thankyou. Speaking of con-artists, @Wetag, how you doing? Long time no update... @Amin - nothing ironic imo; Everything about mcthings checks out; Perfectly reasonable tech, good KS project, PCBs, pictures, pinouts, fully transparent, seem like nice folks, and they even promise delivery in December (so conservative/sensible), was tempted to get some myself (but I have enough drawers of unused components stuff already). There's tons of well-presented BTLE projects on KS based on standard chips, no magic, and with plenty of transparency. They make a great contrast to THIS steaming pile of evasive, impossible con-artistry. :-) @Dave @Jian Great comments from TWIT TV. This seems to be the type of publicity that finally caused the Kobe Red scam to be exposed. KS suspended that campaign one hour before it closed. Of course, beef jerky is easier to understand than iFind. Thanks to @Dave this KS project has got the attention from TWiT.TV <url>"BLE sensors / controllers that run on a coin cell for years, no programming required and connect to the cloud via a BLE to WiFi router" - small form factor btw :) Amin: please help me out and explain your post to <url>"Compass"? It is odd because this feature is not possible with the mobile phone's omni-directional Bluetooth communication. But the feature also reminds me of another product -- Marco Polo Pet Monitoring/Tracking and Locating System that has the similar "compass" feature. Here is the video: <url>"black box" works. Where at the very least you know what goes in, and what goes out. We have no idea what goes in because nothing has been validated. I'd love to see a tag which harvests kinetic energy. It shouldn't be that hard to design/build and you can probably harvest a 100 times as much energy. Would be perfect for a purse/cat/rucksack/keys, etc. ... "Examples of these applications include locating misplaced items, continuous monitoring of objects (items in a store, boxes in transit), and determining locations of disaster survivors." <url>"pick a product that’s known to be popular with crowdfunders ... add a dash of secret magic sauce which makes this one better than the others, and market the hell out of it." Yet they only made 1/3 of the money? What does it tell us? Thank you sarah! Indeed that is *exactly* what I'd expect to see on a real project. Not entirely by coincidence you'll note they show the exact same BTLE devkit I showed earlier, also form-factor PCBs, etc. They're demonstrating everything we've asked for on THIS project. I give them 10/10. I wanted to find a good example of a well constructed, transparent KS campaign. I found these guys: <url>“reasonable doubt” and judge activity against what a “reasonable person” would do or expect to happen. We speak of “rational actors” and identify something as being “beyond a scientific or medical certainty.” Something can be improbable, but it cannot be “beyond all rational explanation.” We look for “general acceptance in the scientific community.” This means the claim is “deduced from a well-recognized scientific principle or discovery” to ensure that “the thing from which the deduction is made is sufficiently established to have gained general acceptance in the particular field in which it belongs.” These are the lowest standards allowed for science-based opinions. Your positional statements do not reach even this lowest standard. The regular standard we demand requires relevance, reliable evidence plus evidence of the “principles and methodology” used to make the claim. Try applying these to the current project: (1) Whether the theory or technique can, or has been, tested; (2) Whether the theory or technique has been subjected to peer review and publication; (3) The known or potential rate of error for a particular scientific technique or theory; and (4) Whether the theory or technique is generally accepted in the relevant scientific community. The sole purpose is to determine scientific validity of a claim. That is what I expect in the technology area of Kickstarter. If a iFind wants to play in the hard science section, then be prepared to act like a scientist and don’t become defensive or petulant when questioned. @jeffery nope once a month is my limit. any less than that and i will go invest in one of the other bluetooth trackers with a replaceable battery. You say i lowered my expectations but your wrong. I never expect any product to fully fulfill its claims. At least nothing more complicated than a butter knife LOL. Then on the rare occasion when a project does fulfill all its claims i am ecstatic. Afterall lets be honest. Most things we buy don't completely live up to their claims. Have you ever bought one of those knifes that claimed it would never need to be sharpened and you eventually had too. Or a car that claimed it got 30 miles to the gallon but you can only get 25 on a good day. @kitty You are right I mixed you up, my bad, and my apologies, you were @Christian. I was trying to keep track of who was becoming who, because changing screen name in the middle of a discussion is a pain when you like to follow arguments or everyone. But whatever, this is not relevant to the discussion so I will just wait for the next update before deciding if I keep my early bird, or if I will buy it retail when/if available. Ian: Ain't happin' bud. Do your reading, not just here, but elsewhere. You can stick this tag anywhere you want and it ain't gonna work. Not next to your router, not next to a radio tower and certainly not once a month. Hell it cannot draw enough power to even work, period. Don't you get it? It's physics, science, laws of energy. Look at you - you have lowered your expectations. You don't even believe this will work. You're settling at once a month. Next you'll bargain with yourself back to once a week. In six days you'll settle for nightly recharge. @kitty Let me share and example with you. Evidence: your finger prints are on the murder weapon. Proof: the surveillance tape shows a clear picture of your face and records your voice where you tell the victim why you are killing him and then clearly shows you plunging a knife in to his body repeatedly. Now do you have proof or evidence because i see a whole lot of evidence and indeed if this was a murder trial it might be enough to get a conviction...Maybe. But i don't see any proof. @jeffery Hypothetically speaking. If this project is a scam i completely agree with you. For those that did not follow the comments. those that backed and closed the tab. it is their own fault for not following through and checking back in for recent developments. for those of us tuned in...we heard those that said its "impossible" and we chose not to Liston. No one has a right to complain. This is hypothetical and of course you know all to well that many many will complain. See, even if DrTune created an "Elefant on catfood" scam it would be more consistent than this bullshit here ... I would pledge for an Elefant. @Ian Hamilton: "until proven guilty". Well I already mentioned the 4 obvious lies, the fake video and plenty of inconsistencies. But I guess everyone is innocent according to you? If you don't get your tags by 2020 you will wait for another year. And if you receive a brick instead of a tag you will assume that it was by mistake and wait another year? ... Ooooohh. Elephant! @roma obviously if i received a reward that didn't work at all i would consider this a scam. But this entire argument revolves around one thing. can the Harvesting technology gather enough power for continuous operation with the need for intentional recharging. IE putting it right next to your WiFi router. That being said if the product fulfilled all its other claims and i had to stick it next to my WiFi router once a month i would not consider this a scam. @kitty if you believe this is not legit why are you posting? just cancel your pledge and leave. Just accept the fact that some people still believe that you are innocent until proven guilty. When this project closes, there better not be a single postings complaining about how the Backer is disappointed or feels cheated in any way. I expect everyone who backs this project to act like an adult and accept result gracefully because you could not have been warned any more than you have been on this project. If you do complain in the future in this comments section, expect to be roundly castigated and publically humiliated – in nicest, most professional (and humorous) ways. A comparison for people who refuse to read the facts or do their own math: Let's say you're a Zookeeper. Someone posts a kickstarter campaign: "Real live african elephants! Hard working, loyal, obedient, useful for construction work or hauling heavy loads. You've seen the Disney movies - you can ride one like an Arabian prince! Each guaranteed at least 12ft high, they live on catfood. Order now, $29.95. Four pack for $100! Orders shipped by Fedex in October when our consignment arrives" People are all "ooh sweet! I want an elephant!" and the orders flood in. As a zookeeper you're rather suspicious; "That seems pretty cheap for a real elephant... I guess maybe if they bred them themselves.. anyway.. But.. Eats catfood? Ships by Fedex?" This is bollocks!" You might say - "I work with elephants at my zoo and this is absurd. Not only that, look at what the creator's saying; there's no way you could ever ship a 12ft high (their numbers) animal by Fedex anyway. I mean look people, they're saying obviously impossible things" People all around you are still "oooh! Elephant! I'll buy one!" So you ask creator: "Can I see a picture of this elephant? I suspect it might be a.. plastic toy elephant? That would maybe kinda make sense... " Creator says "Can't you read? Nope, they're real, 12ft high elephants, I'm sitting on one now. No photographs to share yet though. Roll up roll up get 'em while they're hot folks! REAL ELEPHANTS, $29.95 SHIPPED TO YOUR DOOR, FOUR FOR $100.. They're friendly and obedient.." Yes? Wetag's "10dBm input power .. charge times.. etc" they've posted is the "12ft high, lives on catfood, shipped by fedex" of this project. It's not possible. Yes, I know you want an elephant that lives on catfood. Not this time. @em2cube: Erm? I am from Europe and even if I was in the US I would not meet with complete strangers who seem to be scammers. This is a public thing and we deserve public information and not bullshit "technical reports" full of errors and inconsistencies, a fake video, a bunch of lies and 300 evasive postings. @Lan The word “scam” in dictionary is “a dishonest scheme, a fraud”. Are the WeTag people dishonest? Yes, they are. Fake video, fake testing data, dishonest of the “10dBm”, “300mW”, “500mW”, etc.. No matter what else WeTag promised to update later. Their performance has already identified ifind a SCAM. Yes, this Ifind thing is a SCAM. You don’t believe it, because you have your faith, your independent thinking. But “Ifind is a SCAM” is a true statement, a truth. @Ian Hamilton: If you believe this to be legit then why are you posting? Just wait for your iFind tags and enjoy. Just accept that there are also people with a technical background and a skeptical mindset who refuse to believe in an inconsistent story, a fake video and a bunch of lies. @Len: Why do you think that this WeTag guy is smart? He is pretty average I'd say. Imagine DrTunes would create a scam ... it would look and feel real and he would probably also manage to play 3-4 alter egos way better. Weird typo *the not ghetto! +1 @Sarah I want this project to succeed like pretty much every backer here, but @WeTag are not doing enough to really sell this, especially in the way they've dodged the most simple questions. Maybe this could just be a case of a PR catastrophe, regardless of ghetto overwhelming evidence accumulated against them. To try an reinforce my faith in the project, I read the entire pitch again and watched the video over, and notice the cracks begin to show immediately. Mostly every pitch on Kickstarter indicates why they are using kickstarter as a platform in the first place, what they plan to use the money for, and why they really need this funding. In this project I've noticed that there wasn't a single instance describing the reason they are pitching through Kickstarter, except to sell their product, which is insinuated as essentially being complete already. The risks and challenges talks about production issues in the most generic way as a possible cause of delays. After looking at everything again as a whole, it is clear that the team are asking you to pledge on an idea that they feel is already complete. It's just weird that there hasn't been a single update where a little bit of the product as been shown, or even a little packaging, that doesn't form part of the initial film pitch. I advise that backers really scrutinise the project as a whole again and judge for yourself, as I for one would be amazed, and humbled if they pull this off. @Ian, if you get a reward that doesn't work - just goes beep beep uselessly all day - would you accept that creator has met their obligation? What about if it doesn't even go beep beep? "Just because a few out there don't believe it does not make this project a scam." The opposite could be said, too. "Just because a 9400 people want believe this product will work does not make this project feasible." If I'm being honest, the low pricing and low cost of entry to pledge makes people more willing to loose money. @roma it is true there are no returns here on KS once a project is funded. But we all know that if we read the terms we agreed too when we created our accounts. It is up to each of us to take the information given and decided whether we believe it or not. Just because a few out there don't believe it does not make this project a scam. @Len, Creator will be rightly paranoid if this project doesn't get suspended and if there are backers from the state of Washington. See <url>#8, #12, and #14. @Ian, when you buy something from a store, you can return it if you think it doesn't work as advertised. When you support something on Kickstarter, you have no such recourse. So doesn't that mean the onus should be on the creator to prove it works rather than us to prove it doesn't? Even more so if the technology has never been deployed in a similar product anywhere? @emc2cube You will receive an email if there are any factional and worth while updates. Please are just expressing their anger and disappointment. @dan Your right i did misunderstand you. yeh i know it has happened to me already several times. I don't really care. Personally i think some of the people are here just to make trouble but other have legitimate points. @ian I think you may have misunderstood me. I'm on your side haha. All I meant is for the past few days anytime someone posts something even remotely in support of wetag, they tend to get crucified. @dan What proof and i mean proof not evidence, do you have that this is a scam. I am willing to be none! Innocent until proven guilty. We must remember that or else our entire justice system crumbles. Unless of course your willing to tell you you would happily give up that right and risk sending thousands of innocent people to jail just so you can save a few bucks from being stolen. Stolen mind you if this is a scam. Present me with proof not evidence. With the number of backers and total pledge amount growing daily, shall we make a game of trying to guess the final amounts? My guess is that total pledged will break 525k. Hi I will wait until possible before cancelling Oh man, you guys don't have a life, or any consideration for those who have one? A week end away and I had to go through a giant spamwall to seek the last updates. You know that if you stop spamming your last comments with "warnings" will just stay on the top so everyone can see it? @kitty That's funny you are speaking of Alter Egos. Especially when your last one, @Sam was supposed to be in Plano and was even offered to meet with the creators to have a look at the device, but you cowardly refused... As you are back does it mean that you will agree to meet with them? @WeTag Sorry for the digression, back to why I was coming here. I don't have any hope that you will answer here, so please include in your next update some news for the glow in the dark color, and a picture of the metallic ones. This is of course assuming that the next update will be the long time promised unedited video of a working prototype and production updates as, because you already stated that you did not had any delays on your production schedule, first units should now almost be done. Thanks. I find that answer really funny. The only reason the comment wall is "overloaded" is that the creator and his alter egos never provided any relevant/technical information. "We do not want to overload comment wall more and some comments are going too low to follow (perhaps you will agree also)." Especially those of WeTag himself. "We are indeed preparing proof for now. And you will not need to wait to last minute for it." We heard that 10 times already. The last update was supposed to answer technical questions. 30 days to prepare a "proof" which is required by Kickstarter rules ... lol ... I just received an answer from WeTag to a question I asked them directly earlier today: My Question: Please explain why you aren't posting any other information about this project? I cancelled my $70 pledge and am keeping a $1 pledge until the last minute just in case you decide to do something to make me believe this isn't a scam of some sort. I REALLY WANT TO BELIEVE IN YOU BUT CAN'T. Their answer: Hi Scott We do not want to overload comment wall more and some comments are going too low to follow (perhaps you will agree also). We are indeed preparing proof for now. And you will not need to wait to last minute for it. Thanks again and we really respect every choice you make. WeTag Don't want to overwhelm comments section, so I published a memo called Who Funds iFind and Why on Google Docs: <url>"Kickstarter rules "When a project involves manufacturing and distributing something complex, like a gadget, we require projects to show a prototype of what they’re making". Prototype!=piece of plastic. The more pics/vid/etc of this prototype (in action) we can see the better. "We can't show you because it's patent pending" does not change the KS rules." @ian...it was just starting to get quiet here...prepare for a flood of information and challenges as to how you could think this isn't a scam, what proof do you have that it isn't, etc... from Kickstarter's page on Trust & Safety: Creators are responsible for their projects. When you back a project, you’re trusting the creator to do a good job, so if you don’t know them personally or by reputation, do a little research first. Kickstarter doesn’t evaluate a project’s claims, resolve disputes, or offer refunds — backers decide what’s worth funding and what’s not. Some projects won’t go as planned. Even with a creator’s best efforts, a project may not work out the way everyone hopes. Kickstarter creators have a remarkable track record, but nothing’s guaranteed. Keep this in mind when you back a project. Following my better judgement i have lowered my pledge to $1 so i can still track the project. i was at $120. If i see some solid proof supporting this project or more transparency about the true capabilities and not the theoretical capabilities of the product then i will increase my pledge again. i have no intention of backing out completely because i do not necessarily believe that this KS is a scam just that they have over sold their product capabilities. @Giles yes perhaps but KS has stated they cannot refund pledges on creators. If they suspend it then it's automatically done Perhaps KS are watching this space and letting this successful campaign run it's course before it publicly questions the legitimacy of it. If it finds iFind legit, KS keeps its commission and iFind continues to deliver. If it finds the project bogus, KS refunds the money to all backers before iFind gets their sticky mitts on the cash. If it pulls the plug or suspends the project now, disrupting the flow of new funds before subsequently finding the project legitimate, it would be in a tricky place re restarting, not to mention lowering their potential commission. For people new to the comments section here, this is for you. When I originally pledged, I thought the users commenting were just bullying the creator for more information. After spending a few weeks reading the posts everyday, it's pretty clear that every negative commenter has been 100% justified in their criticism of this project. 1) The reports the team has posted are using numbers that aren't really possible. (that's the talk about the wifi routers, etc. they do not output 300/500mW like the report states) 2) There's no mention of the shake-to-find-your-phone feature they advertize. 3) No videos of a working prototype. That little clip in the video they show isn't real. You can see on the top of the iPhone screen that the Bluetooth system is off, which you would definitely need to have on to pair a Bluetooth device. 4) The dimensions they give are too small to house the surface area an antenna would need to pick up all the EM's they claim. Also, they report that the device uses/needs other EM sources but never say what those other sources will be. 5) At the very, very least the iFind will have to be "recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. No one outside the company has seen anything. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. 10) WeTag only posts to attack commenters and constantly accuses them of working for a competitor. They do this to move the important questions down thread where people won’t see them. 11) WeTag claims to update the FAQ’s “every single day” yet hasn’t touched them since June 10th. Before that, June 1st. I'd up my pledge to a 5 pack if they proved to have a workable concept. I'd accept it being 2x or 4x as thick. I'd accept it needing a battery and charging once a month. I'd accept a lot of wiggle room on this project. But the "creators" deserve no such assurances based on their hokey science and lack of respect for genuine concern. This is obviously a scam! From day 1 their comments have been nothing but sarcastic, demeaning and hostile. I just noticed that the comments count just went down. Can you remove comments? I just cancelled my $70 pledge and decided to keep a $1 pledge until the last minute and then I will cancel that also. Even if this is an earth shattering discovery they should still have something more that they could post to earn confidence from people. They don't care because they don't don't need to do anything with $518,000 raised so far. I hope we are all wrong and that this technology actually is possible. I doubt it at this point and after doing lots of research on this I had to cancel. Yes i looked at that too,it looks like they have people pumping money into this project to think this still a good thing and refund the, after the funds are released. Sneaky Repprt/Ticket been sent to KS,but i know fora fact they will do nothing because of the commission they are going to get from this. Its appalling really,and will probably stop using KS if they don't step in within 7 days and suspend it. @Justin Mitchell, Bogus accounts? I looked all the way through the list a few hours ago and the newest 13 backers were all newbies i.e. not one had backed a project before. The 14th newest had backed one project and then there were another 4 or 5 newbies. Each putting in $50 to keep the averages up? If real backers saw money pouring out they'd be more inclined to pull out too. Keeping it at over $500,000 would cause many to think 'hey, there must be something in this'. Heh @Dave that's awesome, thank you. Choice quotes from the show include: "I think this is bogus", "It doesn't seem right to me.." , "the inverse square law kinda ruins you..." "..It'd be Tesla's dream .. I don't think so.." etc. Well worth a listen. Dang how are the backers increasing?! Donated $1 here just to comment. I have been following this project since when it had 25 days left. As much as I would like this product to be a reality, @WeTag's un-professionalism to backer's comments is nothing but unacceptable - in fact, it is downright rude. I am no engineer here but as a layman, the questions posted by backers such as @DrTune, @Len, @Sarah and @Kitty seems more than qualify as legit questions to which @WeTag has been selling short / totally ignoring from answering the questions at all. @WeTag's excuse to hide behind IP and patents is pathetic. I have raised this to TWiT (This week In Tech) last week and they have done a netcast on iFind just earlier today. Feel free to visit <url>"Update 8" graphs, but substituting the -20dBm (actually slightly less) that I measure with a Nexus 7 less than a foot away from my stock router (details plus math in the google doc), I get a best case of about 66 days (just over two months) to charge the smaller "Series 2" energy bank. Wetag's doc states in "normal conditions" such a charge should take 1.5hours. That's a difference of somewhere around 1000-fold, and I was being generous (again, see doc). Corrections & repudiations to that back-of-envelope math are welcome as ever. @Bruce, last weekend didn't stop them commenting. Hard to say how many new backers and how many have backed out but the net increase in the number of backers is tending to plateau, according to kicktraq. Agreed about the 'comedy' postings getting way out of hand. I've spent a reasonable amount of time trying to gather useful evidence together and am interested in reading factual postings only; including challenges from non-skeptics if I've got anything incorrect or the creators if they have anything new to share. Hi and what about the competitor project <url>#home 30 hours.. You do know it was the weekend right? Doing what your doing isn't going to get the project canceled nor make it anymore of a fake project either. I thought you had already decided to go away anyways? Just can't help yourself. I think you are all naive if you don't think most backers check the comments section or update comments.. I'm guessing they just are not listening to you, barely anyone has backed out going by the backer numbers. THIS PROJECT IS A SCAM. CREATOR HASN'T ANSWERED ANY QUESTIONS OR MADE ANY COMMENTS HERE AT ALL IN THE LAST 30 HOURS. NEW BACKERS ARE ADVISED TO READ THIS <url>"The time line seems a little squeezed" - indeed. As responsible creators they'll soon either be posting something along the lines of "hey folks we're a bit delayed because of X, but here's what we've got working so far and here's what's held up" OR posting "Check it ouuuuut dudes!!!". In either case there'll surely be a video of a few guys in faded T-shirts sitting on cheap office furniture waving circuit boards, soldering irons, rough 3d-printed case shells, mocked-up packaging, etc. In the background will be test equipment, wires, discarded prototype boards, coffee cups, empty beer cans, etc. Some guy will appear on camera looking tired but being friendly, and they'll demonstrate something doing... something. Yes? I hope so. With seven more days till a half a mil is in the bag, doesn't seem a lot to ask. DrTune - Thanks for the explanation. I just thought it was odd that they'd put an acronym down that most people have no idea what it refers to. The time line seems a little squeezed. Like they have the housing/circuit/packing production all occurring right now with it scheduled to be completed before the project itself gets funded. I believe they refer to "Automated Test Equipment". Obviously when running a production line you need to have quality control which pretty much means "test every unit at at least one point along the line". You usually need to program them (with flash-based chips) and frequently do an RF calibration. Hence you might have a one or two stage process where the assembled PCBs (i.e. after SMT pick'n'place and reflow) are placed onto a test station (often a custom-made "jig" or "bed of nails" which has test probes that touch pre-prepared contacts on the PCB) and this station programs the chips, tests that certain voltages/signals are present, perhaps there's also an RF emissions tester, etc. Ultimate it has a big "PASS/FAIL" display. Fails are binned for debug/failure analysis/rework. As you can imagine this programming/testing happens with as little human interaction and as rapidly as possible; slap the device into a custom-made holder, hit one button, wait 10 seconds, if you get "FAIL" throw it in one bin, else the other. Optimizing this and all the other steps on the line is how stuff gets made so cheaply. It's a fair bit of work to get this stuff working properly, make it as near 100% reliable as possible, and of course time is money so you want it to be quick. It's not something you might think about but it's critical to producting low-cost devices. This is a good example of an "NRE" - non recurring engineering cost; you spend a bunch of cash setting it up, it pays for itself over time, especially if it's a fast and reliable process. . Does anyone know what ATE placement is? It would be really funny if the names of all the people who tried to stop this project were the only names on their website. How many $1 pledgers do we have so far? I count at least 10, and I'm sure there are more than that. For that to happen you can't un-pledge within the next 7 days. Stick with it just for the irony, and the right to sue. :-) As for me I'm going to stick it out to the end at least at the $18 level so I can be part of either a miracle if this works, or part of the group that will bring change to Kickstarter. I really like Kickstarter, but they have to put a stop to the madness that is occurring in this comment section. The madness is occurring because Kickstarter won't apply the rules to this project that already exist. So it's making Kickstarter look embarrassingly bad. Which is really unfortunate because I've pledged on some truly amazing products. Heck it's to a point where I scope out Kickstarter for an idea of what the next big thing might be. To be perfectly honest this project and the creators attitudes don't belong here. It would have been better suited towards Venture Capitalist, and I actually hope Kickstarter stops it so it can go that route if the technology does exist. The entire reason for Kickstarters rules is so people don't pledge on snake oil. @Creator I am quite curious if there is a follow-up on update 5. @Creator I am quite curious if there is a follow-up on update 5. Thanks Bruce. Hang on a minute.. other crowdfunded projects have.. videos? Of prototypes? Well blow me down with a feather! Seriously, if you've read my compiled "caveat emptor!" doc (link in avatar) and have any other informed and verifiable comments or suggestions on details, I'm all ears.. (if only I could get this damn plastic bag off my head). Primary issues are... ok actually they're pretty much all major issues. His 3rd last video.. Shows that a sealed device can indeed make a useable sound. No idea of the specific part but it's not impossible as another crowd funded project that's now shipping (get mine next week) is sealed (ie no battery replacement/waterproof) lasts up to a year and has a buzzer. I was going to rip one apart anyways when I get it but of course that will be too late for this project. However look up a YT video by user Mikey8567 actually Bruce, on this subject; do you have any clues where Wetag's quoted '95dB' might have come from? i.e. spec sheet of piezo under certain conditions or whatever. Am serious, just help me get a grip on this part of the story. Their quote can be found at <url>"it" being the plastic bag. Or have I over-explained? @DrTune, I think Bruce was also suggesting it would affect the output FROM YOU but it wouldn't silence it. I just love a good double entendre :) agreed - I didn't mean to imply that it'd be silent. However given the dimensions and the 'hermetically sealed' I'm not optimistic about it being (anything like) as loud as claimed (or as would be useful in practice). Regardless, damning this project based on beeper volume is like criticizing the Titanic for running out of lavender soap in the bathrooms. I agree it will affect the output but it won't silence it. :) Hm, ok. So assuming there's air inside (remember 2.4mm total thickness) and that air is being moved by the piezo transducer flexing, and then those compression waves are coupled through the sealed plastic case to the air outside.. without being an expert on that it sounds like it'd attenuate it very significantly; it's not like the plastic case is doing to act as a resonator. Empirically; if I stick a piece of duct-tape over the hole on a pre-made piezo buzzer (such as I linked to) it makes it a lot quieter.If you like I'll find one in my junk box and make a video. If you know the science better than I do I'm interested in your details. I tried putting a plastic bag over my head as you recommended but everything went black and I passed out. My wife said it was a 'cry for help' ;-) I doubt it is a proper Vacuum, so sealed or not there is air/gas inside. It's only thin plastic so likely no problem 'passing' through. Stick a plastic bag over your head.. you can't breath but you can still make a sound through it... @DrTune, re your last question they would tell you but they'd have to shoot you. Oops, sorry ex-Len. Then they probably don't even think to look at the Comments page so we ARE just pissing in the wind! Oh well, at least we are relieving ourselves :) Ok Bruce, I'm open to corrections. Wetag didn't state a distance for their "95dB" (or even a unit). Looking at other piezo buzzers (with proper specs and not of course hermetically sealed) I find for example <url>~60mw) = 90dBSPL @ 10cm. Back to iFind - any ideas on how their "95dB" escapes the hermetically sealed plastic case? @Roma - I think you are describing the first 10 backers. The newest backers are way down at the bottom. Most of the newest backers have backed no other KS projects, as you would have expected. It's not as loud as you are suggesting depending on the distance. 95 dB at 10 cm will measure 75 dB (less than Road Traffic in-car..) at 1 meter, 55db (Quiet Conversation) at 10 meters... The last 10 backers to join this project have backed 450 other projects between them. So they aren't KS virgins. Some have backed between 1 and 10 other projects. Some have backed between 45 and 200 other projects. So even experienced backers are buying into this turkey despite all the warnings. In the last 20 hours, 114 new backers (net of those leaving) have come on board and tipped in another $6,000 (net). Extra comedy gems: It’s waterproof? And a deafeningly loud beep? Is it waterproof? - “Yes the device is hermetically sealed and therefore resistant to water spills” (iFind homepage) @Mohammed asked: Is the beeper loud? @Wetag: “Programmable up to 95dB. It can be adjusted in the firmware.” (Wetag's post in comments) Hermetically sealed means airtight. (<url>~30 complaints and a lot of emails and they wrote to me (via email) that they will investigate 3 days ago. What I don't get: Once I see that I am likely to get 300-400k+ I would order 10 free samples of some BT chip and solder them to some bogus board with 3 LED and a piezo buzzer. Get a cheap oscilloscope and a few meters of SMD resistors and put it on a table and make it all look fancy and stuff ... 9320 of 9323 people would be satisfied that way and it would only cost me like $200 ... But I no longer care. Even many backers seem to rather believe than to get real evidence. So whatever ... OK, over 24 hours since there's been any public comment from the hapless mob at WeTag. Maybe they are just naifs who are starting to realise that backers actually do have brains and ask penetrating questions. Maybe WeTag have WetPants right about now? They are WelCome to comment. @greenspann - the skeptics are asking for valid information from the creator. The creator is refusing the answer legitimate questions or post evidence the project exists. This is most certainly relevant. What else would you like to discuss here? If you have questions about new tag colors or whether the hypothetical packaging is printed with soy-bean ink, fire away; they're easier questions to answer so maybe you'll get a reply. I received an email response from <email> . His wording was very similar to most of the Creator's evasive and antagonistic comments below. His originating IP address is 173.57.98.65 which is located in the Dallas area. In addition, his service provider is Verizon FiOS which is the same as the routers described for Report 2. This is not conclusive proof, but I think that iFind is basically a one-man operation by Paul McArthur from his Plano residence. I think that some or most of the Creator comments are written by Paul McArthur. Yes, I believe that the majority of his claimed experience is true but exaggerated. If this is correct, it is just sad to see a person with his background stoop this low. @ all sceptics! Try real life :) and leave. Please! I have just adjusted my pledge to $1. I don't trust it anymore. @Jesse - So this address is a rental duplex. Thanks. @ Jesse OMG,does this not prove that they are complete liars and are scammers? <url>"When a project involves manufacturing and distributing something complex, like a gadget, we require projects to show a prototype of what they’re making". Prototype!=piece of plastic. The more pics/vid/etc of this prototype (in action) we can see the better. "We can't show you because it's patent pending" does not change the KS rules. Potentially the creators pops up with some tenuous evidence (couple of inconclusive photos) at this point and say "See! You mean people are all wrong!"... however having gone _this_ long without providing anything or answering q's etc it would have to be pretty good evidence and have answers to the "10dBm?!?" type questions also. The ball, as ever, is in creator's court. The biggest red flag for me is that they still don't have a video for us. They have stated they will post one since a few days into the campaign. How long does it take to post a simple video of the product actually working as intended? They keep saying the video is coming... Unlikely to happen at this point. This is a scam. Keep dreaming Jeffrey :) OK, EXPERIMENT TIME NOBODY POST ANYTHING FOR 24 HOURS AND WELL SEE IF THE CREATORS RESPOND WITH ACTUAL INFO IN RESPONSE TO PAST QUERIES. But you are probably right. This isn't worth my time. Good luck and love to all of you. I spam nonsense? Really? I asked the creator for technical/scientific evidence a hundred times. I never insulted anyone. Bert insulted us by implying that we were corrupt (competitors, ...) and I just stated that he shows the same intellectual capacity because he uses straw man argument and fallacies to justify his belief. But oh well ... let's fight each other and generate a lot of profit for them. "Yes, aggressive comments, the picture seems to be complete, I have only one thing to say : popcorn time !" Says the one who started by stating that we are probably all competitors and haters and lying and trolls. Oh the irony. I reduced from $14 to $1. @WeTag Show something or I'll leave next sunday. The best of luck to the person who snatched up the $14 reward I released. Hopefully you’ll find more use for it then I did. Cheers! Backers were bringing up legitimate concerns and reasonable arguments with solutions to how the creators could fix them. Now people like Kitty are pissing that away by insulting people and spamming the thread with nonsense, which I find funny considering they accused the creators of the same thing. Count me as one that doesn't think iFind is as advertised but the discourse has sunk to new levels. @kitty "You show the same intellectual capacity the team behind this project shows." Yes, aggressive comments, the picture seems to be complete, I have only one thing to say : popcorn time ! I will follow the project with interest :) By the way I’ll back out of this project before it ends. I’ve never seen a project in which the investors had to relentlessly beg the business for more information about their product. Even if iFind turns out to be everything they say it would be. It’s not as if you would get a stake in the company. You won’t get any of the profit if it goes on and becomes successful. There are only two things you would really get. The chance to be one of the first to try the product and the chance to play a significant role in the start-up process of a company, with people that you think deserve to become successful. The first is nice to have but I think the second is far more important. As of now, with all the snarky remarks and paranoia coming from the creators, I really don’t want to be a part of it any longer. I have to say I really don’t care if iFind turned out to be the technology that changed the world, I won’t regret not being there when it first began. For those who think people like Roma, Jeffery Price, DrTune and others are being overly harsh to the creators, to you I say, “you may be right”. But they are there to keep the balance. We need critics in the world to make us think twice. They’re there to make sure people like the creators don’t do a half-arse job (like that certain politicians we all know). Of course in the end, it’s really up to all of you to decide what you want to do with all that information (and hence your money). I for one would like my money, however little they may be, to be spend on something with a bit more certainty. With that, I bid you all a good day! @Bert: Even if we ALL worked for competitors (seriously?) this still does not magically create ANY evidence for this project being legit. The creator has created 700 comments and 14 updates of which ZERO contained any relevant/scientific evidence that this is a legit project with the intent to actually create something. We had a fake video with turned off bluetooth, we got fake statements about router outputs, we got fake statements about updates that were supposed to contain technical facts, we got a "technical paper" stating that OTHER EM sources are required but never mentions their nature, .... If you want to believe based on ZERO evidence and 700 evasive comments so be it. If you want to believe that every critical person is a competitor so be it. If you think that a lot of spam means that this is legit ... so be it. You show the same intellectual capacity the team behind this project shows. Actually, I just joined BECAUSE of the spamming. When people get that frantic about a project, it means that there is something interesting to follow... I have no idea why a few backers seem so ready to trash this project (but I also suspect that competitors must not be too happy about this battery-free tag :.) but hey, at $14 the risk is VERY limited, even if everything is a big lie. Thanks to the $14 backer who decided to leave the project :) "The creator was still answering your questions at the beginning, with patience." No he wasn't. If you don't understand electronics please sit back and relax and be assured that they did not answer ANY relevant question in a technical/scientific way. And the total pledge amount and backers is still growing, despite the spammers. 8 days until doomsday. ... and the Kickstarter world is a slightly better place now they've disappeared. @Xinyi, Lighten up. The project's sunk; the shysters have buggered off; and a few of us are just fucking around. What's your problem? To the people who are currently spamming this comment section: I have no idea whether you work for the project creator's competitor or not, or if you sincerely spamming this page to "protect other backers from a fraud". Either way, when I use my laptop to scroll down this page (since it's way faster than doing it on my phone, which I suppose a lot of backers do), I was able to go back to where you started to spam this page and attack the project creator, even if you are seriously trying to protect us. The creator was still answering your questions at the beginning, with patience. I saw the hundreds even thousand of words he typed. Even if the team is trying to make a video for us to show us their credibility, your spamming is just covering up all the explanation and efforts they've made. I am not saying whether you are working for the competitor or the creator is lying to us. Just calm down. Don't spam the page. I've personally been attacked this way before. The way you joke, laugh, and maybe even dance after the creator had stopped fighting is more than ridiculous. @Jeffrey, Double Doctor missed his calling :) @Roma - oooh... I have no come back for that :) @Phil, Is 8 years as long as never up your way? Pilot announcement : Ladies and gentlemen, we're crossing the Queensland border now. Please wind your watches back 20 years :) Six minute billing is for rookies and insurance lawyers. 15 minute intervals are for pros. How do you think we're able to bill 28 hours in a day? ;) @Roma - hey, NSW took as long to deliver as iFind will. (That was a low shot, unkind and unfair, just not sure who to...) @Phil, Yeah baby! @Jeffrey, Isn't that why lawyers are slow? You charge by the six minutes! This project started on May 16 and it took me until June 3 to first post it was a hoax. I'm disappointed in myself for taking so long. We need to congratulate the first poster who spotted the wax on the iTurd. Who was it? @Roma - until a week ago I would have said NSW needed these to find an origin win, but I can't say that now. @Phil, no worries. I hope you FIND them better than me. Boom boom. Doctor Doctor Paul - "Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others." Woohoo!! this is the 2000th comment!! sorry had to do it :) @ Roma - I would take them off your hands to test them but have just ordered and paid for 2. DOH! I guess I will find out how good or bad they are. Doctor - "You will get this great item locating tag on time." Backer - dies laughing Patient - "Give me the bad news first." Doctor - "You got cancer." Patient - "Fuck ... what's the good news?" Doctor - "Did you see the Ferrari in front of the house? Well, it's mine." Patient - "Gimme the bad news first." Doctor - "You have AIDS." Patient - "What's the good news?" Doctor - "You have Alzheimer's." Patient - "Well that's not so bad, at least I don't have AIDS." On a meta level this is just another example for how our profit based incentive system (as opposed to a common wealth based incentive system) creates scam, fraud, corruption and individuals and companies who don't really care about others (or rather who are not allowed by the socioeconomic framework to care much about others in order to survive financially). It's our job to implement a cooperative alternative. Charles Eisenstein describes all of this in his brilliantly written book "Sacred Economics". You can read it for free online. <url>"jpeder31 about 7 hours ago A number of people reported the Soap router project as being a potential scam. They didn't have a working prototype and a lot of their technical information was wrong. Kickstarter let that project get funded." Doctor Doctor Paul Doctor Wotau Almost-Doctor Zhangyang Are you there? On track as per your timeline? Hell, we're not proud. We'd even talk to non-Doctor Wanda! @JianH Thanks for that video. Seems like Tile was the one that was recommended and not TrackR. @Roma Thanks for your feedback, I won't be buying the TrackR either, judging by you and many others' complains of this product. Anyone has feedback on Tile? Love em? Hate em? @Wesley, I had 10 KnackR TracKs and they're hopeless. You'll see from my post here several hours ago, I cant' even give 'em away! @Wesley Kay Here is a video review from WSJ on several bluetooth locators: <url>#!0DCF3FF8-8D91-44CC-A9FB-524608841EE2 8 days until you can say finieto to your money peeps. Report and pull your pledge before its too late. You have been warned. Creator will not issue refunds or KS @Richard O'Brian Ramrattan: Thanks for your reply. The TrackR Bravo does seem like a good product too, but going by the previous model - the StickR TrackR, many many many people are complaining that the battery doesn't last as claimed, the tags are going off by themselves, the tag locations on the maps are VERY inaccurate, backers returning tags for refunds, while others not yet receiving their tags altogether... just to name a few. Here are the comments: <url>#comments So even though TrackR Bravo is their version 2, I think I still feel hesitant about a product that has so many claims, and even though they seem more transparent and honest, I'm yet to be sold. Anyone else have a comment about TrackR? Have used them - love or hate them? For people new to the comments section here, this is for you. When I originally pledged, I thought the users commenting were just bullying the creator for more information. After spending a few weeks reading the posts everyday, it's pretty clear that every negative commenter has been 100% justified in their criticism of this project. 1) The reports the team has posted are using numbers that aren't really possible. (that's the talk about the wifi routers, etc. they do not output 300/500mW like the report states) 2) There's no mention of the shake-to-find-your-phone feature they advertize. 3) No videos of a working prototype. That little clip in the video they show isn't real. You can see on the top of the iPhone screen that the Bluetooth system is off, which you would definitely need to have on to pair a Bluetooth device. 4) The dimensions they give are too small to house the surface area an antenna would need to pick up all the EM's they claim. Also, they report that the device uses/needs other EM sources but never say what those other sources will be. 5) At the very, very least the iFind will have to be "recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. No one outside the company has seen anything. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. 10) WeTag only posts to attack commenters and constantly accuses them of working for a competitor. They do this to move the important questions down thread where people won’t see them. 11) WeTag claims to update the FAQ’s “every single day” yet hasn’t touched them since June 10th. Before that, June 1st. @Jian H, good find yourself. WeTag from survey: "Our product ... helps users locate these items easily within an effective distance of around 80 feet." WeTag's KS Home page: "Even with iFind's impressive 200ft range and loud beep ..." @MarCar "....@WeTag is one of of two things. Either unbelievably arrogant and stupid in the way they are running this KS campaign or they(he) is a crook out to steal $500k from 9k people..." I found two surveys someone conducted for iFind some time last year.(<url>#p/186a0 <url>"core team" members are arrogant and stupid while others know the ugly "truth". @iFind is a Scam Good finds. You may want to send it to other WeTag team members as this may be a news to them as well. I've also reported it to KS - for 2 reasons. First they state on the project page that it "will never need to be charged", but their own test results show it requires specific user effort/intervention to keep it charged. And secondly for their incredibly unprofessional reponses here in the comments. I just hope KS take some action in the next week - with the new rules they've really dropped their project review quality. (e.g. the Soap router project) @Roma, I'm also in Sydney... so I'll leave the data collection to you and Kicktraq. @Everyone, let's get together to plot the expected downturn of pledges over the next few days. I'll collect the data and post a nice little chart when fundraising closes. I'm in Sydney so between a few of us we should get pretty frequent data. Please post data here in this format: Date/Time/Location/Backers/Dollars I need the location so I can adjust for time zones. So right now it's June22/1440/Sydney/9228/510921 Hope on and enjoy the ride! @Kean Thanks, wasn't aware of the discussion on EEVblog <url>"In this post-industrial world, the populace have reverted to a belief in magic,so Scam artists only have to make it look pretty, mumble some magic buzzwords, & the suckers will roll up in droves!" @Kean, if there was any doubt before there is none now. Thank you for the learned comment. Whether they're inept scammers or hopeless dreamers, this project is a dead duck. I backed this thinking it sounded cool, but too good to be true (as a professional electronics designer with 30 years experience, with some BLE/RFID/RF & energy harvesting experience). Last night I decided to do a little digging after seeing the Drop-Kicker article (I visit there regularly and I've contributed comments there before on other suspect technology crowd funding projects). Also seen the eevblog discussion now too. Anyway, I've dropped my pledge to $1, partly beacuse of the lack of convincing details, but primarly because of the incredibly obnoxious and unprofessional responses from the creator. If they treat backers like this now, what will they be like later when they've got all our money? Oh, and regarding the latest test report - The lack of any traceable or independant testing, plus short timeframes of some of the tests are inexcusable, just like the lack of detail on the rest of the project. And a single control device means we have no idea of the accuracy/repeatability of their measurements, so the data for outlier tags could easily be within the measurement error margin, and no significant (non WiFi) EM harvesting is actually taking place. @Dan, never used and with the coin batteries. A number of people reported the Soap router project as being a potential scam. They didn't have a working prototype and a lot of their technical information was wrong. Kickstarter let that project get funded. Now the creators of that project are trying to get more money from people on indiegogo. Seems like Kickstarter cares more about their cut than their users. @Dan, no worries. Tell you what. I've found 5 of my StickR TrackRs still in their box. I still say they're useless as tits on a bull. But if you're prepared to pay shipping I'll send them to you at no cost. If and when your WeTags ever turn up you can compare them. I did a similar thing for a guy in Maryland where I shipped him a working smartwatch (free) which I backed but disliked. It cost him $21 and I shipped it from Sydney a couple of weeks ago and he got it within a week. I'll guarantee these 5 FuckRs won't cost more than that to ship. If anyone else (not creator) who's posted here in the last 24 hours wants these, you can have them but I'll give 1st preference to Dan. Just post your email address here. not a problem Roma-your fable is truly inspiring. Unfortunately (in your eyes) I've decided that 28 dollars is a gamble that I'm willing to take regardless of the proof I've seen to date. The crazy thing about me spending my own money is that I don't need to validate why I'd like to spend it with anyone else but myself! Call me crazy but I've spent more money on stupider things. Additionally, i've decided that I literally have ZERO interest in how 9000+ people decide to spend their money (i suppose that makes me a terrible person in your eyes). Should you decide to continue your noble cause, I would highly recommend you situate yourself near a casino. There you could preach to uninformed droolheads about how they are simply throwing their money away without any proof that they will actually walk away with anything! Fools!!! Dang that's some good info. Great job @Dr Paul McArthur You are clearly hiding more than just your intellectual property, based on all the unanswered questions. So, I have been compiling your bio ( at this link <url>" I'm throwing these starfish back into the ocean or else they will die through lack of oxygen. "But", said the man, "you can't possibly save them all, there are thousands on this beach. You can't possibly make a difference." The boy smiled, bent down, picked up another starfish and as he threw it back into the sea he said "Made a difference to that one" :) Hi all, just joined the party and was initially very excited when I saw this KS and was thinking 10 pack. Then as I read it sounded a bit too good to be true, so I visited the comments. I see I'm not alone! I'm now pledging $1 to keep track of things and will still order a ten pack, or maybe more, one day in the future when it's proven and available for sale at a proper outlet... @Dan nobody's implying you're of "inferior intelligence" or "sheep" (except you). If you believe this project is honest then maybe the creators will listen to you. Are you interested in seeing a picture of a prototype, video demo, etc? Pls share if you get one, it will help us skeptics STFU as you put it. @Roma Thanks for the laugh. It's been hard to find a chuckle around here for many days now. @Dan, Don't get too anxious. But if you do, you'll probably get over it :) Situational Anxiety: a state of apprehension, discomfort, and anxiety precipitated by the experience of new or changed situations or events. Situational anxiety is not abnormal and requires no treatment; it usually disappears as the person adjusts to the new experience. It's ok to believe without any evidence. That's how you get millions of soldiers to invade other countries ... Thanks guys...I'll just go back to drooling over myself along with my 9000 other sheep and anxiously await a bright shiny thing in the mail. Keep up the good work! I imagine a lot of people lack the technical expertise to gauge whether or not the product's claims are possible with current technology. It has no bearing on intelligence or self-worth, as most people do NOT have subject matter expertise in electronics and signal processing. I imagine a lot of people haven't seen the controversy over the product's claims. If you simply back the project and never read the comments, how would you know? I imagine a lot of people don't consider $14-30 to be a significant expenditure, and as such are less conscientious about vetting the project and its likelihood of delivering. Would it be simple for the project creators to permanently silence skeptics by posting more about their team, their prototypes, and their tests? Yes. Is it common for successful Kickstarters to post pictures of their team and live video of working prototypes? Yes! Would we do a disservice to the Kickstarter community by silently sitting by and not alerting people to this possible train wreck? Yes. It's funny you mention playing devil's advocate, as that's all we're doing. We're demanding evidence of these claims, because they're just empty words without evidence. <url>"Phil" over on the drop-kicker page commented yesterday "I have spoken to Dr. Wotao Yin and he mentioned that he is a major investor. When I asked if he had seen a working tag he told me he had not." Dr Wotao - if you're still reading. Can you confirm this? Another day has passed without the creators providing any evidence and without them answering any relevant technical question. Kickstarter knows about this. They replied to me that they will look into this 2 days ago. "Thanks for directing our attention to this project. I can see that you don't have any successful pledges to this project but it's considerate of you to reach out on behalf of this project's backers. We'll pass this along to our moderation team for them to review. Best, Melissa" @Roma well thanks twice for saving me 100$ lol KS are as much theives as these guys are. Lowered my pledge to $1 until I'm convinced it'll actually work... Lowered my pledge to 1 USD units i'mm convinced iT workshop, a.t.m. I'm not @Todd @Richard, StickR TrackR worked less than 10% as advertised. I had 10 of them. Utterly useIess. I expect TrackR Bravo to be better but not by much. StickR mysteriously increased in volume by 50% along the road to production. That was needed for a bigger cavity to make the beeps even barely audible. Bravo is promoted as being much smaller and just announced it will be even smaller again. If you're older than 25 good luck trying to hear the squeak. As always, Caveat Emptor. BTW even if nobody reads my google doc, at least you could ask yourself "where's the pictures, where's the video? What part of this project's proof-of-existence couldn't have been knocked up by some guy sitting on his laptop in a coffee shop?" @ Richard Obrian Thanks I was trying to find info on the tile but having to replace every year is stupid. It's only 99$ for ten that's 20$ cheaper then this Ifind. Ifind it's a waste of time lol I honestly don't think people are reading the comments and still pledging. You need to report this. KS are again ignoring this because of the amount of money they will recieve. This is appalling. This is not how things like this work. Just like what they are doing ignoring another scammed project called embrace+ because they have recieved their cut already I've spent (goodness knows why) some more time chewing figures and adding info to my "Caveat Emptor!" doc here <url>"technical update 1" talks about a "typical home wifi" RF signal level which is ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND times higher than I can obtain by holding my Nexus 7 right up against the antenna of my router. Feel free to reproduce these results yourself (with e.g. "WiFi Scanner" from the Android store) and let me know the highest signal strength you are able to obtain from your own routers. Enjoy! Reported. Good luck to all who remain until the end. Okay, I'm done with this BS. @WeTag is one of of two things. Either unbelievably arrogant and stupid in the way they are running this KS campaign or they(he) is a crook out to steal $500k from 9k people. If they are the latter I am not giving them $70. If they are the former, they don't deserve to get any money from me or anyone else. Even assuming that it is a real project and they do deliver a product their lack of transparency, arrogance and lack of respect to those who are making their product a reality makes it totally not worthy of backing. I am canceling my pledge completely and I suggest that ALL other backers do the same. I really wanted this to be real because it is an awesome concept but I don't care any more, I will find another tracking tags hat has a responsible team. I am also reporting it to KS. @Creator, on the Home page you claimed you would finish production of the housing, flex circuit and packaging by 30 June. With only 9 days to go, are you almost finished? Thanks. I consider this as a social experiment. Can they really trick 10.000 people into handing over half a million dollars? I've changed my pledge to 1 dollar. This project is simply funny... Dear backers, if you really want to see more proof simply change your pledge to 1 dollar. ALL OF YOU. I am sure wetag will be quick to answer. For people new to the comments section here, this is for you. When I originally pledged, I thought the users commenting were just bullying the creator for more information. After spending a few weeks reading the posts everyday, it's pretty clear that every negative commenter has been 100% justified in their criticism of this project. 1) The reports the team has posted are using numbers that aren't really possible. (that's the talk about the wifi routers, etc. they do not output 300/500mW like the report states) 2) There's no mention of the shake-to-find-your-phone feature they advertize. 3) No videos of a working prototype. That little clip in the video they show isn't real. You can see on the top of the iPhone screen that the Bluetooth system is off, which you would definitely need to have on to pair a Bluetooth device. 4) The dimensions they give are too small to house the surface area an antenna would need to pick up all the EM's they claim. Also, they report that the device uses/needs other EM sources but never say what those other sources will be. 5) At the very, very least the iFind will have to be "recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. No one outside the company has seen anything. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. 10) WeTag only posts to attack commenters and constantly accuses them of working for a competitor. They do this to move the important questions down thread where people won’t see them. 11) WeTag claims to update the FAQ’s “every single day” yet hasn’t touched them since June 10th. Before that, June 1st. "So 500 evasive comments from the creators and a bunch of bogus updates lacking evidence/real science did not ring a bell Kickstarter?" ... Just report the project and send an email to <email> demanding that KS investigates. Save the email for later reference ... Tech blogs might love to see those emails as a proof that KS knew about all of this. I've used those powercast chips before. They are SUPER power hungry. No way that's what they are using. Ask yourself why on earth the creators want you to email them personally with questions - and not divulge the emails. Why would they trust a random person emailing them any more than a question on here? Why the secrecy? I suggest it's because they can later deny it. If they post here, it's attributable. Why else? I'm not sure how others who took advantage of emailing Dr McArthur feel but it actually made me even more pessimistic about the project. I won't divulge what he said because I said I wouldnt. That said, I asked on two occasions why at least a picture or video of the packaging (scheduled to be finished at the end of the month so its at least in the works at this point) couldnt be shown because surely there is no IP in whatever the iFind will be packaged up in yet it would show progress and at least make me feel better. Well, I never got an answer and that was my only real question to the Dr. I hope my skepticism proves to be wrong so I can order multiple iFinds from the store they set up once its proven, but Im not confident enough to put money forward at this point. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Creator. What do you mean you don't know our pledge values? Either you don't know how to use the tools or you are just BS. @kitty jajaja ;-) @Ifind is a Scam: Who do you work for? You must be envy or a hacker or a competitor. Why do you hate so much? Just pledge and turn off your brain please! It's just $18 ... no worries ... it's all legit. We can provide evidence via email or send you some Reiki energy? I have also reduced my pledge from 10 tags to $1. It is incredible how many KS guidelines have been violated by WeTag - NOT open, NOT responsive, NOT honest, etc, etc. It should be an embarrassment to the KS Trust and Safety team that scams like the Red Kobe project require so much community activism in order to become suspended. The iFind project may be a different type of scam, but it should still be suspended. Thanks to all those asking good questions and describing all the project deficiencies. The Uncertainty and Doubt that has come to exist could so easily be allayed by the creator. Interesting that despite all the FUD and people saying they are pulling out, the number of backers and plege amount continues to grow. 8 days to pull out and report to KS 8 days to go: They will say that they already took pictures of the equipment and that they will provide them tomorrow. 7 days to go: They will say that a power outage prevented them from uploading the pictures. 6 days to go: Irrelevant chat not containing and information. 5 days to go: They will say that they got hacked by competitors and that all the pictures got deleted and their camera is no longer functioning. 4 days to go: Creator talk to you in the form of hist alter ego "The real lawyer." and state that due to IP and recent incidents they can not provide any information but that everything is legit. 3 days to go: Random chat not containing any relevant information. 2 days to go: Creator will post some Shutterstock image of a lab without EM equipment so that KS will not suspend the project. 1 day to go: Creator and his 5 alter egos will thank you all for donating. Dear @Bruce and other optimists: Just as a thought-exercise; please try to convince us that this _isn't_ a scam. List the evidence that make you believe this project is real. You can use anything verifiable from the web or posted by Wetag. I'm not attacking you, I'm just asking. Just to poke another hole in this incredibly leaky ship: One thing Wetag have repeatedly said is “We won’t answer questions here, you could be our competitors. Email us privately and we’ll answer questions”. How does this make any sense? If I was trying to steal your secrets, I could set up a hotmail account as “Dave Smith” - you can’t verify my identity that way. What might be the reason: Let’s say they reply to my email with answers, and I post a screencap of their replies, and let’s say they’re shown to be inconsistent/false/etc. Wetag can turn around and say “...you faked it! We never said that!”. If answers are posted on KS, they are attributable to the creator. This is why we want answers posted here. Thankyou. @creator When I stumbled upon your KS, after watching the video, I immediately purchased the highest pledge. Now after reading all the negative comments, I've backed out completely. Heck you're not even gonna take my $1, which I will be cancelling at the end. Thanks WeTag, had faith and trust in you. Now, it's all gone out the window. Clap Clap Now anyone think TrackR Bravo is a better device or is also still a no-go? @creator If your 'secret sauce' does work it would make great apple sauce! They been know to eat up companies like yours. I would like to buy a second early bird if anyone wants to give up. @DanA - Nice, I agree, the pricing is unlikely to work out. The $/unit they get (minus KS fees and counting bulk discounts) was $12.37 last time I figured it. Subtract a buck for (bulk) packaging and shipping, say we're down to the $11 range; then you've got all the NRE costs, component costs, etc. I also agree with you on the power consumption for a BTLE tag - and then we have this tiny form factor. Also just in passing; Other, larger BTLE tags, which don't claim energy-harvesting magic - such as StickNFind and TrackR, shipped very late and are also getting unhappy user reviews due to a number of issues (reliability, compatibility, range, etc). This shows how non-trivial it is to make a good BTLE tag even with conventional technology. With iFind there is brand new "secret sauce" involved, as well as shipping promised in 3-4 months, and not a single picture or video of even a prototype yet... Shrug @Creator UNBELIEVABLE! You are willing to clear up "THAT ISSUE"...........but will not give any answers to legitimate questions - or tell us when the uncut video will appear. I am truly lost for words...as obviously as you seem to be as well............ Yes, I agree with you WeTag! I for sure am not questioning this project. Just letting others know it would be hard for anyone to do that as KS have the final say. I guess every one who's against it is just looking for excuses to "have a go" You got a point there. Still seems very weird. I have investigated in many manipulations of votings and polls and that straight line just looks like the result of some {sleep 100; donations+=100+rand(100)} code ... Yes that is the easy part.. but I mean where would the card payment (at end) and the Amazon authorisation of the card (straight away) come from? Huge payment rejection if it was fake.. bare in mind KS still has to authorise the cash after the project has debited cards via Amazon. It's not Automatic. By automating the donation process using 20 lines of Perl/Python? There are even captcha solving services out there. I could easily automate the process within 20-30 minutes. I am not saying that this has been done but that graph looks unnatural/fake. I have to agree.. The graph looks very strange. Compare this to two other (unrelated tech wise) projects I'm backing.. Lila <url>#chart-exp-trend Lomo <url>#chart-exp-trend However again it doesn't mean it's fake.. As how would a creator fake it? Well, all of this talk kept me up late tonight thinking about things and I decided to really take a look and evaluate the feasibility of the project. Assuming this project would need to be built with mostly existing technologies. I don't believe current Li battery technology would work, due to the charging characteristics. In my opinion, a solid state battery is the only solution that has a chance of meeting the project needs.Existing BTLE transceivers would be used and passive components would probably be standard 0805 or smaller SMD chips. So, if I had to build this product right this minute, here are the technologies I would use: -Cymbet CBC3150 solid state battery providing 50uAh power (need 2 at $3.65 each) -Nordic nRF51822 BTLE 4.0 transciever ($1.92) -Accelerometer-MMA8491QR1 ($0.84) -Powercast P2110 RF Energy harvester operating on 2.4Ghz band ($35 ea) *The prices for the first three items are for purchase qty of 1000 The best PCB price I can get for a 10cm x 10cm ROHS board is about $3.00. If six tags can be punched out, the cost of each would be $0.50 each. Assuming the project creator uses their own proprietary energy harvester, the other components, pcb and injection molded case would add to the project cost. For resale, the FCC and CE certification costs would also need to be added. Finally, add in the shipping cost (box, packing, postage). Based on the cost above, it does appear the board could be manufactured very close the to the proposed $14. Remember, the cost of the proprietary items and software have not been added in, since they are unknown. Now for the technical issues - The BTLE spec requires a transmission time between 80uS and 0.3ms per connection. The transmitters require approx. 20mA to run. Multiply that by the required 10 sec interval (required by the BTLE spec) and there is the possibility of encountering power issues. When the power requirements of the other components are added to BTLE, powering the system will become a real challenge. I don't have a PHD, like the project creators, and should not be considered an expert on the subject. The information above addresses a hypothetical situation and is intended to encourage conversation about the project. The JJ +1 The snarky and arrogant comments from WeTag is really turning me off this project. At this stage I am thinking that after the project is funded, we will not hear too many updates from them. Will wait for the promised video before deciding whether to stay in or not. And certainly hope that does not appear at the last minute. @Eugen: I noticed this as well. It seems very fake. I observe many diagrams on kicktraq since I backed my first project and I want to notice that the data of iFind is a strangest graph, that I've seen: <url>#chart-exp-trend Funding grows almost linearly @Sarah (about 12 hours before this comment) - your story is the same as mine. I initially backed for $130 because this is exactly the product I have been looking for, and I commented shortly after backing about all the negative comments, and that we had to trust someone. However, ... and I feel a little sheepish here... I have dropped my pledge to $1 not because I don't believe in the project - I really hope it works and if they are on the market in a few months or years (or credible evidence is given in the next 9 days), I will be buying a bunch of these, but the evasiveness of the creators comments, the fact that they can reply to an email from me within an hour but cannot reply to comments for days at least, and that the email reply I received was in language that was very obviously not someone who has a university degree, and very likely not from someone who has English as a first language - It looked more like something translated from google translator - and that they are so aggressive when they do comment to me makes this all sound a little fishy. Again, I so want this to be true, but the longer this goes on, the more skeptical I become. Hi Guys, I am both very hopeful and slightly sceptical of the iFind energy harvesting claims. I realise that providing technological details may be difficult due to patent issues. One simple question that does not need or divulge any of the device design info: What is the RF field strength (in volts per metre or dBuV/M) on any one or each of the 'harvesting' frequencies required to keep the power reserve constant at some percentage charge? One of the 'creator' comments was, I believe, along the lines that no one on here is an engineer. My background: I've been a radio & electronics designer for 40 years; I hold both Class A & Class B UK Amateur radio licences & passed the exam for that in 1978. I'm one of the owners of an electronics design & service company. @Creator The greatest injustice here by far is how this project was handled from the beginning. This is the path that you have cut out for yourselves, you have let this spiral out of control. You have put your "mistrust" of the few above the needs of your backers, the many. So now how do you fix? Do the majority backers sit by while you clench your teeth and shake your fists at the minority, keeping all of the important product information to yourselves? OR do you take a stand. Answer the questions you believe are legitimate, show us an uncut video, stop being belligerent, defensive, sidetracked, abrasive and start acting like you have a product you want to show to those who are helping it get off the ground. I am a seasoned backer, I do not know for how long I will stay on this project if this is the road chosen. It is unprofessional and insulting to say the least. Turn it around!!! @Jim You are correct, the Powercast does use their own transmitters, but I have seen other companies that are able to harvest in the RF band they are targeting. Combined with a Cymbet chip battery and a boost converter, this may be possible. Don't get me wrong, there are many unanswered questions about how they intend to implement their solution. I wanted to let others know similar technology exists. I apologize for missing the earlier mention of the Powercast system. This project is by no means a "sure thing" and each person needs to decide their level of acceptable risk when backing it. As others have mentioned, many questions remain. @Dan - the powercast links were actually posted before, as one of the only ways the project would be vaguely possible since there is no EM with enough energy normally around. However the powercast wireless power depends on using their own WiFi power transmitter. That would then make this project not work in a typical environment since people don't normally have a powercast power transmitter everywhere they go. Bruce, there is a fine line between spouting negativity and informing people of the negative points of a project. It is down to each reader to decide which of these lines to take. Most of the 9000 backers are able to make up their own minds using the information presented by each side, however, I, like most do not have the knowledge of EM harvesting as some posters on here and am grateful that the creators' updates are probed. I hope that all backers have given themselves the option of gaining the insight by reading the comments here rather than just accepting the wetag updates. P.S. I was a 14$ backer, very willing to up my pledge to 70ish if I was convinced by the project in the latter stages. I hear many people talking about why they are leaving, so I would like to talk about why I backed this project. I have a background in hardware and software design and have followed research on similar energy harvesting technology since 2010. I have seen this technology work, so what is being proposed isn't that preposterous. I am including links to prove what I'm telling you is true and the technology is possible. The only part I see that would be difficult is achieving the size. I suspect they will use a tuned chip antenna to reduce size. past this, the rest is possible. Links: <url>~9000 backers arent as informed. I guess I was just naive, thinking that if a company tries to crowdfund a project on kickstarter they wouldnt try to scam people... Guess not. Well they file a trademark recently. <url>#caseNumber=86287296&caseType=SERIAL_NO&searchType=statusSearch Reported project and dropped pledge to 1$. I am only keeping 1$ so I can be notified when project pulled. 1 will dropped to cancel just before close. If anybody wants my 14$ tag, be quick! I have no faith in these creators for delivering this product, even if the tech was viable at this moment in time, which I think it is not. KS management should get a grip of their regulations and protect the people that ultimately put bread on their table. The last update was a bunch of mumbo jumbo for me. I'm out of this project Or at least a Paul McArthur with Patents on electromagnets @TJ Here's another company he seems to be connected to: <url>"worthwhile gamble" based upon no identifiable facts whatsoever.. Delivery date is October for your Family Pack of wishes. I wish you luck. No hard feelings, but one of us gets to say I told you so on September one. There's a lot of optimists about, which is great. I've had a KS project deliver marvelously, exceeding my expectations. My belief is that this project - as presented so far - is full of holes technically and the support is offensive, evasive and all-round-sketchy - all of which me leads me + others to the conclusions that you're aware of. Things wouldn't have got so heated if the creators were willing to behave like any other reasonable KS project, both in terms of providing info, updates and answering questions. Still, you draw your own conclusions. I'm glad that people are still so positive. I'd be happy to be wrong on this one, because then 9000 people will still be interested in funding another project. Assuming the product goes into production... at this point....I really feel sorry them being this successful in the near termThe biggest issue I see going forward for the people at WeTag is the sheer task of shipping to this many "backers" @DrTune for me it was purely based on the number of tags. I want more than one but don't need 10. If somehow the project does deliver, I will probably actually get more to give as christmas gifts/stocking stuffers. As for the comments being "free press", Kickstarter does have rules against spamming, posting personal information, and being rude in general (as I pointed out, they have some of them linked right next to the "Post comment" button). I understand your frustration with the creators (lack of) communication about the project, and honestly, I hate Kickstarters comment setup...especially how you cannot edit a comment once posted, or hide comments from people, etc. It's apparent that even the project owners cannot ban or filter any comments, as I'm sure they would have by now if they could :) That being said, I do respect what you are TRYING to do, I just don't like the way you are going about it, or that you have taken it upon yourself to be the judge, jury, and executioner of this project. I may sound idealistic, but you guys ARE at the very least violating several Kickstarter rules, so I'm not that crazy :) And yes, I get the irony that the project itself could be a scam, and thus violating the biggest rule of all. In 9 days we will see what the first stop is on this crazy train that we are all on at the moment. I wish us all luck! Drtune as I mentioned, I've literally read everything. My gamble is $28, not $70. It's an amount that I'm comfortable parting with. It'd be cool to see a product like this and I've 100% accepted the chance that it'll never exist. For me, there's little to lose and a lot to gain. @Charles / @Dan - sure. I'm curious - can you tell us what you based your $70/etc purchasing decision on. Was the slickness of the video and the nice graphics on the home page? That you wish this product existed because it'd be great if it was possible? That's you pulling out your wallet in response to photoshop and idealism. I assume you also read the skeptic's arguments - which I'm glad we have a chance to air because I think they're valid information - and you've witnessed the childishness of the creator's posts plus their refusal to provide even one single photo...? and you still choose to back it. Fine! It's a free country. This comments section is the equivalent of a "free press". at this point i honestly don't know what's worse- the inability to provide answers to questions from the backers or the epic campaign by a handful of [non]backers have taken to apparently protect everyone else from themselves. Guys seriously, Christian just summarized it perfectly: "Do you buy a car from a person who does not provide you with ANY evidence that he/she actually got a car and that it is functional and working? Probably not." The amazing thing about kickstarter is the ability for people to CHOOSE which projects they would like to back. Typically that would entail the backer reading a bit about the project and then, if they are so inclined, they can back it. Simple yet amazing! Why then, do you assume that the 9000+ backers are clueless lemmings that have the complete inability to think rationally, reason, or question what they are buying into? You are furious that kickstarter can even get away with such an atrocity!! How dare they let people make up their own minds!! Surely they must do something and quick!! At the end of the day, the backer has to be willing to accept the risk associated with the project they back so if it fails or ends up being a scam, they have no one else to blame for their decision but themselves. Just as you wouldn't feel bad for someone who bought a car without even bothering to see if it worked, why the sudden need to protect all of the backers? Not a single person here has been forced in any way to contribute. As for kickstarter, Wetag is not the problem. Kickstarter needs to decide if they are either going to remain a "neutral" field and allow the public to make up their own minds or they need to revise the terms of their site and the way projects are created and allowed on this. At the end of the day, I can care less what kickstarter decides or what even wetag does. For the record, I don't think this is an intentional scam. I don't know wtf is going on behind closed doors but I don't believe it's a grand scheme to intentionally mislead a bunch of people. As long as the project remains open, i will keep my pledge of 2 tags. This is my own decision, I've literally read every single comment in this section since I put my pledge in a few weeks ago so I don't need to be reminded why everyone thinks this is a scam. I've read hackaday comments in their entirety and the blog post on dropkicker and I've even done my own independent research so please, just as I will not sit here and try and convince you that this isn't a scam, I don't need you to tell me it is. We've all made our own decisions and that's really the beauty of kickstarter isn't it? @Sarah. Last time I checked, NONE of us were voted or assigned roles to police projects and warn thousands of other people about what to do with their money. Your heart is in the right place, but it's not your job or your business. I'm a $70 pledge myself, and I really, really hope the project is legit, even though I completely admit and agree that the lack of info makes it seem shady. But personally, I look at it as a worthwhile gamble, and Kickstarter projects are always a gamble really. I honestly hope that all of us who have doubts are proven wrong. But at this point, flogging the dead horse is just getting tiring. @TJ Exactly - the tiny form factor they're committed to is part of the credibility issue. You might be able to make a battery powered BTLE tag in that size (still challenging) but an antenna that has any kind of efficiency (enough to harvest useful power) especially at sub-1Ghz; I suggest that's kinda pushing it. We'll see I guess. @Charles, last I checked several thousand people are pledging upwards of $70. Is that a significant enough sum to warn people for? @DrTune -what I don't get is how a reasonably efficient antenna+AFE can be designed for such a wide band in their proposed form factor.. just basic physics requires a pretty sizeable antenna element to catch the lower frequency stuff WeTag, Inc hasn't registered as a grantee with the FCC yet, and I haven't found any patents assigned to that entity either. A few tidbits from the link right next to the "Post comment" button ( <url>"Don’t post obscene, hateful, or objectionable content. Don’t post personal information...If you don’t like a project, don’t back it, simply move along." Again, I understand that those of you spamming and demanding are trying to "do the rest of us a favor", but is spamming the comments every 5 minutes really worth it? At the very least it is against Kickstarters rules. I know you think you are trying to save people from making a mistake, but I'd like to think most people are intelligent enough to decide for themselves, or maybe they just don't care about gambling $14 on a project that may not fund, or fund and not deliver. It's not your job to save everyone. I know it pisses you off that a "scam" may make $500k, but its not 500k from YOU, so please relax. You've spammed, you've demanded, you've reported, you've un-pledged, you've made information avatars. You did your best. Please stop making the comment section a warzone. :) @TJ thanks! The Marco Polo tracker is entirely credible. "The Marco Polo tag’s integrated Li-on battery will last approximately 30 days in the standby mode waiting for a signal from the locator to activate it, or up to 8 days in continuous tracking mode." It uses the ISM 902.5 Mhz band, with 250mw output power. I've not found the FCC docs yet but I guess it uses either a Nordic Semi or a TI radio chip, which will give good range and performance. There is no energy-harvesting claim, and the size, weight, range etc are all completely reasonable. If I had a dog I might buy one. @Lisa Parr, the concept is viable? Why do you think so? I did some research of my own, and I've uncovered some things, which give some clues but nothing definitive. (1) There is a Paul McArthur who is a co-inventor on a patent for an 'article locator system', first filed in 2002 (12 years ago!). <url>"ain't it cool!!" If not oh well. I'll be happy to apologize if they deliver. I'll be super impressed by their technology. I'd love to see a demo. Hell at this point I'd love to see anything that's credible. IF this is real technology they can deliver, they won't have ANY issues getting funding from any number of investors. However, those investors will want hard evidence and a real demo, just as we do. The problem is, as stated before, it's not $14, it's $500k. Half a million bucks is on the line, and all we've seen is some slick photoshop work, a faked video, and some talk, much of which does not make technical sense. There is no credible evidence these people are for real; it would be so easy for them to provide such evidence, yet they won't. Kickstarter does not deserve to be dragged down by this appalling chicanery. Just reported the project.... @Charles. I understand that KS is like gambling and you gauge the percentages to see how it goes. The major issue is that this isn't gambling any more if the percentage has proven to be less than 1%. More like 0% for all of the $500k 'gambled' by people and the only winner will be the creator. I think there's some major paranoia coming from the creator here...not everyone is out to get you. I'm actually backing this project out of interest in the technology. Not as a competitor, but a company that could offer you 10x what Kickstarter could if we wanted to invest in the technology. We were interested, but not anymore due to the attitude problem here. You all sound immature and arrogant. Not people we want to work with For people new to the comments section here, this is for you. When I originally pledged, I thought the users commenting were just bullying the creator for more information. After spending a few weeks reading the posts everyday, it's pretty clear that every negative commenter has been 100% justified in their criticism of this project. 1) The reports the team has posted are using numbers that aren't really possible. (that's the talk about the wifi routers, etc. they do not output 300/500mW like the report states) 2) There's no mention of the shake-to-find-your-phone feature they advertize. 3) No videos of a working prototype. That little clip in the video they show isn't real. You can see on the top of the iPhone screen that the Bluetooth system is off, which you would definitely need to have on to pair a Bluetooth device. 4) The dimensions they give are too small to house the surface area an antenna would need to pick up all the EM's they claim. Also, they report that the device uses/needs other EM sources but never say what those other sources will be. 5) At the very, very least the iFind will have to be "recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. No one outside the company has seen anything. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. 10) WeTag only posts to attack commenters and constantly accuses them of working for a competitor. They do this to move the important questions down thread where people won’t see them. 11) WeTag claims to update the FAQ’s “every single day” yet hasn’t touched them since June 10th. Before that, June 1st. I'm actually in for $14. I'd up it to a 5 pack if they proved to have a workable concept. I'd accept it being 2x or 4x as thick. I'd accept it needing a battery and charging once a month. I'd accept a lot of wiggle room on this project. But the "creators" deserve no such assurances based on their hokey science and lack of respect for genuine concern. This is obviously a scam! From day 1 their comments have been nothing but sarcastic, demeaning and hostile. For the record my pledge is the $70 level. I'm okay with losing that if this project goes south, just like when I go to the Casino I only bring enough money with me that I am prepared to lose, and if I lost it (let's face it, I usually do, LOL), I am not the least bit upset because I was prepared to gamble it. Most kickstarter projects are a gamble it seems. I've only backed a handful of projects and some were so detailed and smooth that there was never a doubt it would succeed. If there is that end of the spectrum, there have to be projects at the other end. Maybe this one? As long as the deliver the final product I will be happy. If it ends up being a scam I will be disappointed, not because I lost $70, but because I really want this awesome product (so do over 9,000 others). Like @Sarah I would settle for the smallest shred of tangible evidence...some equipment, something with a human element to show they give a damn, but after numerous attempts asking and repeated evasion, we've been denied this as well. It's just plain weird and is ringing alarm bells! There is a lot of repeated fluff in the comments, but backers should also check the comments within updates to see where this all stems from if they care enough! @WeTag: please read back. I was a backer for $80. I am not a hacker nor a competitor, just an independent webdeveloper from the Netherlands who liked the idea of having battery-free locator tags for his keys and cat. However, quite some days ago I stated why I was beginning to doubt and asked you to clarify things. I also stated how I sincerely hoped the product could work and the project would be real. I almost begged you to help me there. Please read back to see how you handled this and failed to address my fears. Read back to see why I had to change my pledge. As stated before I'm still hoping your project to be real. Now I'm in for just 1 dollar so I can read your backer-only updates and respond to your comments. I'm actually in for $14. I'd up it to a 5 pack if they proved to have a workable concept. I'd accept it being 2x or 4x as thick. I'd accept it needing a battery and charging once a month. I'd accept a lot of wiggle room on this project. But the "creators" deserve no such assurances based on their hokey science and lack of respect for genuine concern. Please also provide pictures/videos of your team, lab, equipment (especially EM), prototypes, pcbs and document the progress you are making. We have asked you to do so for the past 5+ days ... @Charles R Jones Have you seen the track record with regards to scams and kickstarter? Almost no recourse. It's not about a small $1 or $14 donation! They all add up to over $500K!!!! Just trying to prevent other backers from getting scammed. Kickstarter is full of this kind of BS now This user's account has been deleted. I wonder how much crow there will be to eat if/when this product ships :) I can't believe people are getting so bent out of shape over a $14 pledge, even though no problem with pledging $1 just to troll the comments. Is it a scam? I hope not. I agree that the lack of details, videos, etc do not inspire confidence. But I figure, hell, I'm not in this for a hundred bucks or anything. If this project delivers, it will be an awesome unique product and will be worth every penny, in fact I will probably buy 5 more sets as christmas gifts. I can see that a very few people are making a lot of (most of) noise. Your heart may be in the right place, but the amount of comments you are posting are now just creating spam. I check this project a few times a day and every time there are literally over 100 more comments, most of them from 5-6 people. Have you considered that you have definitely made your point by now? If the rest of us want to "go down with the ship", that is our business, and we shouldn't have to wade through your hundreds of repeated and increasingly irate comments. You act like you are losing a $500 pledge, when in fact you have only pledged $1 just to flood the comments. If this project is truly a scam, then I'm sure Kickstarter or Amazon will make it right. Again, remember this is not eBay or a retail store. It is kickstarter, and every week projects don't get funded, or fund and then fail, or deliver shoddy products. This is the risk we all take when backing something on Kickstarter. At least, for this project, the monetary risk is very small (even smaller for the $1 comment trollers) :) Sarah, they WILL NOT WORK. I really want a reliable item finder too but I won't buy it from a crowd funding platform with no consumer rights. Typical defensive tactics by the creators. This is obviously a scam! From day 1 their comments have been nothing but sarcastic, demeaning and hostile. This is not how you should treat anyone, especially those who are pledging money towards your campaign. I was a believer even after the 'technical update' and hoped they would further clarify and supply more proof; Clearly the comments by the creator, and lack of any REAL evidence, have shredded any ounce of credibility they have left (especially comments of today) SCAM, SCAM, SCAM, SCAM, SCAM, SCAM, SCAM, SCAM, SCAM, SCAM, SCAM. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. For people new to the comments section here, this is for you. When I originally pledged, I thought the users commenting were just bullying the creator for more information. After spending a few weeks reading the posts everyday, it's pretty clear that every negative commenter has been 100% justified in their criticism of this project. 1) The reports the team has posted are using numbers that aren't really possible. (that's the talk about the wifi routers, etc) 2) There's no mention of the shake-to-find-your-phone feature they advertize. 3) No videos of a working prototype. That little clip in the video they show isn't real. You can see on the top of the iPhone screen that the Bluetooth system is off, which you would definitely need to have on to pair a Bluetooth device. 4) The dimensions they give are too small to house the surface area an antenna would need to pick up all the EM's they claim. 5) At the very, very least the iFind will have to be "recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. Benefit me? - That's comical. How could it do that... What am I promoting again? Why would he pledge more if you are scamming people? Start answering relevant/technical questions please. This user's account has been deleted. "Yes we will deliver. But the nonsense from hackers and employees from competitors will always be ignored. They do not identify themselves." Stop evading. This is not about "hackers" or "competitors" but about YOU unable to provide ANY evidence that this project is legit. It's a problem YOU have created and you can solve within just 5 minutes by providing pictures, videos of your team, lab, equipment (especially the EM stuff), prototypes, etc., etc., etc., ... @Roma. I'd rather link the whole thing. That way it can't be ignored or glossed over. For people new to the comments section here, this is for you. When I originally pledged, I thought the users commenting were just bullying the creator for more information. After spending a few weeks reading the posts everyday, it's pretty clear that every negative commenter has been 100% justified in their criticism of this project. 1) The reports the team has posted are using numbers that aren't really possible. (that's the talk about the wifi routers, etc) 2) There's no mention of the shake-to-find-your-phone feature they advertize. 3) No videos of a working prototype. That little clip in the video they show isn't real. You can see on the top of the iPhone screen that the Bluetooth system is off, which you would definitely need to have on to pair a Bluetooth device. 4) The dimensions they give are too small to house the surface area an antenna would need to pick up all the EM's they claim. 5) At the very, very least the iFind will have to be "recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. 10) .. there are many more serious credibility issues, this is just a taster. Great. Prove it to me. I don't care about the other people here. I have doubts because you don't show us ANYTHING relevant. Sarah's post is a wonderful warning to prospective backers. Perhaps, Sarah, you could Dropbox it and do a repeat post in Comments: WARNING: If you're considering backing this project read this first ... That might save a few people from themselves :) I don't care about my name. I am not registered on any Hackaday/similar page. All I want is that people do not get scammed. If you are Asian you should at least have heard about Asian philosophy and how to treat your fellow human brothers. Please stop talking about personal things and start answering relevant/technical questions. This is no dating chat but a Kickstarter project. This user's account has been deleted. Please WeTag... Please!! I want these to work. I'd love to have 3 of these if they work. You say they work. Give me something... @creator: Until you answer a single relevant question people will just repeat them. So it becomes even more obvious that there is NO WAY that Kickstarter didn't know about your evasiveness. For people new to the comments section here, this is for you. When I originally pledged, I thought the users commenting were just bullying the creator for more information. After spending a few weeks reading the posts everyday, it's pretty clear that every negative commenter has been 100% justified in their criticism of this project. 1) The reports the team has posted are using numbers that aren't really possible. (that's the talk about the wifi routers, etc) 2) There's no mention of the shake-to-find-your-phone feature they advertize. 3) No videos of a working prototype. That little clip in the video they show isn't real. You can see on the top of the iPhone screen that the Bluetooth system is off, which you would definitely need to have on to pair a Bluetooth device. 4) The dimensions they give are too small to house the surface area an antenna would need to pick up all the EM's they claim. 5) At the very, very least the iFind will have to be "recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. we would love answers to the questions instead of remarks like that. For people new to the comments section here, this is for you. When I originally pledged, I thought the users commenting were just bullying the creator for more information. After spending a few weeks reading the posts everyday, it's pretty clear that every negative commenter has been 100% justified in their criticism of this project. 1) The reports the team has posted are using numbers that aren't really possible. (that's the talk about the wifi routers, etc) 2) There's no mention of the shake-to-find-your-phone feature they advertize. 3) No videos of a working prototype. That little clip in the video they show isn't real. You can see on the top of the iPhone screen that the Bluetooth system is off, which you would definitely need to have on to pair a Bluetooth device. 4) The dimensions they give are too small to house the surface area an antenna would need to pick up all the EM's they claim. 5) At the very, very least the iFind will have to be "recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. For people new to the comments section here, this is for you. When I originally pledged, I thought the users commenting were just bullying the creator for more information. After spending a few weeks reading the posts everyday, it's pretty clear that every negative commenter has been 100% justified in their criticism of this project. 1) The reports the team has posted are using numbers that aren't really possible. (that's the talk about the wifi routers, etc) 2) There's no mention of the shake-to-find-your-phone feature they advertize. 3) No videos of a working prototype. That little clip in the video they show isn't real. You can see on the top of the iPhone screen that the Bluetooth system is off, which you would definitely need to have on to pair a Bluetooth device. 4) The dimensions they give are too small to house the surface area an antenna would need to pick up all the EM's they claim. 5) At the very, very least the iFind will have to be "recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. There is only one Chinese medicine hospital in Shanghai. Go to the acupuncture department and find Dr. Lee. Your technical report is a lie as it ignores variables and states "device needs other EM sources" but never mentions those. Your statements about your routers are a lie as they do not output 300/500mW. Your demonstration video is a lie because Bluetooth was disabled. You lied yesterday about the last technical report. You said it would finally deal with the question about router output, data throughput required for the specific EM power and the other unknown but _REQUIRED_ source of EM radiation. Let's talk about those 4 issues. Please also provide pictures/videos of your team, lab, equipment (especially EM), prototypes, pcbs and document the progress you are making. We have asked you to do so for the past 5+ days ... For people new to the comments section here, this is for you. When I originally pledged, I thought the users commenting were just bullying the creator for more information. After spending a few weeks reading the posts everyday, it's pretty clear that every negative commenter has been 100% justified in their criticism of this project. 1) The reports the team has posted are using numbers that aren't really possible. (that's the talk about the wifi routers, etc) 2) There's no mention of the shake-to-find-your-phone feature they advertize. 3) No videos of a working prototype. That little clip in the video they show isn't real. You can see on the top of the iPhone screen that the Bluetooth system is off, which you would definitely need to have on to pair a Bluetooth device. 4) The dimensions they give are too small to house the surface area an antenna would need to pick up all the EM's they claim. 5) At the very, very least the iFind will have to be "recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. Your technical report is a lie as it ignores variables and states "device needs other EM sources" but never mentions those. Your statements about your routers are a lie as they do not output 300/500mW. Your demonstration video is a lie because Bluetooth was disabled. You lied yesterday about the last technical report. You said it would finally deal with the question about router output, data throughput required for the specific EM power and the other unknown but _REQUIRED_ source of EM radiation. Let's talk about those 4 issues. @WeTag: why don't you answer any of the reasonable questions? (You now seem to push them down by overflowing the comment-wall with nonsense) I tell you ... Kickstarter will be having a hard time explaining why they ignored 2000 comments full of evasion, lies and irrelevant crap. This has gone from the ridiculous to the sublime. Can't wait for the denouement! I am not working for anybody. I am using my real name. Anyone able to use Google can verify this because even my Facebook profile is set to "PUBLIC". Now stop evading. Stop talking about personal bullshit. Start answering relevant/technical questions. We have hundreds of reasons to believe that this is scam. It's your job to provide evidence and to answer relevant/technical questions. I don't work for anybody ... as said. I am using my real name. Stop talking about personal things and start answering relevant/technical questions. Please stop talking about Hospitals and start to answer relevant/technical questions. There are around 100 unanswered questions to be found in the comments. Stop evading. Stop talking about random irrelevant crap. Thank you. DrTune: Please create one. You have more experience in designing (partly) analogue electronics it seems. I got plenty of work. I don't need a job. Thank you. Would you please stop talking about personal things and start to answer relevant/technical questions. Thank you. Clearly @wetag is happy to have the numerous difficult questions pushed ever further down the comment thread. We need a detailed "this is a scam" doc so we can just post THIS PROJECT IS A SCAM HERE IS WHY: [link] on a regular basis and newbies can make their own mind up. At the moment it's like wrestling with a pig in mud - you start to realize the pig is enjoying it. Mind reposting so I dont have to scroll through 1800 comments? @Creator, is it still 20 June in the US right now? That gives you 10 days to finish production of the housing, flex circuit and packaging, according to the timeline you claimed. How's all that going? Wow @Creator your lack of cooperation is incredibly embarrassing. I work for shanghai Chinese medicine hospital. Based on your performance, a doctor advise is, you need a therapist. Stop talking about federal ID numbers and start answering relevant/technical questions. im just looking for something to prove legitimacy, Patent application number? anything? Stop talking about bank accounts. Provide answers to all of those technical questions from the past week. Stop personal bullshit and answer questions. Stop evading. Stop snake oil tactics. Stop talking about irrelevant bullshit. Stop talking about individuals. Stop talking about the weather. Provide answers. Yes, I am unemployed and work as an post-scarcity/post-capitalism activist. I have spent enough time already perpetuating this socioeconomic insanity which leads to scam, corruption, etc. ... Now that we have clarified this please answer questions. @Wetag - I work for all your competitors at the same time. I'm employed by StickNFind, Tile, Pally Smart Finder, TrackR, Chipolo, LAPA, Elgato, GearID and others. I'm _incredibly_ busy. Ok now we've got that out of the way - answer the questions. @weTag you call yourselves we tag inc, do you have a federal EIN you can give us? I don't work for anybody. I have not done so ever since 2005. But that's irrelevant. Even if I worked for the pope. Stop the personal bullshit and answer questions. Even if competitors become backers that ask critical yet reasonable questions: why would you not answer to those questions? Your technical report is a lie as it ignores variables and states "device needs other EM sources" but never mentions those. Your statements about your routers are a lie as they do not output 300/500mW. Your demonstration video is a lie because Bluetooth was disabled. You lied yesterday about the last technical report. You said it would finally deal with the question about router output, data throughput required for the specific EM power and the other unknown but _REQUIRED_ source of EM radiation. Let's talk about those 4 issues. @wetag - even if your competitors ARE all lined up here (err.. right) asking you to provide a single shred of hard evidence that you're anywhere close to building a real product - what would be the problem? You already told us you're launching in October; your competitors know that and I'm sure are quaking in their boots. Simply add some (any) proof to your existing claims. Your arguments - and continual evasion - are absurd. PLEASE STOP CHATTING ABOUT IRRELEVANT THINGS AND START TO ANSWER QUESTIONS. Digestion? After all, it's a bit hard to swallow :) Distinguish? @Creator, do you stand by your claim that with its 200 ft detection range and loud alarm, iFind will never let us down? To the backers that have either pulled out or reduced their pledge to a buck can you please make sure you tell KS why you have done this by going to the home part of the campagin and scroll down and report it to KS. I have reported this already by this method and via twitter but again I think my worst fears are coming through. Once KS see the amount of commission that will be earned by this they won't do anything. After the campagin ends KS cannot and will not refund your pledge and that can only be done by the creator. After everything that has gone on so far do you honestly think they will? Wow...line of sight...ignore my bad spelling. Question still stands Please read again: Dan 15 minutes ago: "A few days ago you mentioned you would updating FAQS on a daily basis with the questions that were asked in the comments. Will this be happening soon?" Creator WeTag 14 minutes ago: "@Dan It is done every day" Dan talked about updating the FAQ's, you responded "every day". This is not true. I read your reply's on the comment wall and they do not answer to any of the reasonable questions asked. Why? BTW. I'm also a real person (from the Netherlands). I was an enthusiastic backer, but now I'm disappointed. Read my posts to see how I ended up there. Can you try to relieve my doubts? @Creator That's not exactly true. 200ft is not line of site, it's a distance. The purpose of a tracking tag is that you CANT see it. It could be 200ft away under the bed and behind a box and that would not be line of site If anyone here uses Twitter, you can click the following link to tweet about the iFind quickly to bring attention to a potential scandal. Maybe even Kickstarter themselves will notice! The choice is yours: <url>"With its 200ft (60m) detection range and loud alarm, iFind will never let you down." Do you stand by that? Yes or No? I'm a real person, yet you ignore all my questions.... I am a guy come from China. A country which is famous for its people's talent, hard work, and traditional culture manner. Not for a SCAM. I pledge $1 to stop the WeTag people. Stop this Scam. I can read Chinese and I can see how these guys performed in Chinese network. Overconfident, rude, no evidence no science at all. This is Science. Not a religion to PhDs! @WeTag Before you question me. Answer the questions you are response to answer. Yes, I don't mind spend this $1 to shut you down. Dan 15 minutes ago: "A few days ago you mentioned you would updating FAQS on a daily basis with the questions that were asked in the comments. Will this be happening soon?" Creator WeTag 14 minutes ago: "@Dan It is done every day" @Creator WeTag: Why do you write blatant lies? Everybody can read the FAQ. Below each answer is the update-date. Last update was on june 10th, the one before on june 1st. Can you give a quick explanation of how the "Last Seen GPS" will work? Does it use the GPS of the smartphone and add approximate distance to the tag, or do you basically have to locate the tag while standing near it to record it's last seen gps? @WeTag. Wow, you are truly difficult to work with. Almost impossible... @WeTag Why Iever is such a pain for you? I find your real company?LOL. I'm done charting with you. No friendship thing starts with a scammer. @Creator - you're the only one that needs to be transparent since people are paying you money now. Doctors and other professionals have to prove who they are when people go to them. However they are not the focus now. You are. You need to be transparent. @wetag. Sarah mentioned this as well but the FAQ's section on the kickstarter homepage appears to be the same questions that have been up since the project started. Is there somewhere else we should be looking? @WeTag: why don't you answer any questions? @Creator, so please say after me: If backers are not satisfied with our product we will refund your money. @Wetag - show us some pictures of your lab equipment. I'd like to see a picture of an RF spectrum analyzer with a piece of paper saying "iFind this in my lab!" on it. A commercial BTLE devkit, ideally with some wires soldered on to it. Anything (!!) that isn't just you guys typing platitudes (actually you're not even doing that) while the clock ticks. @ WeTag I have told you I am a REAL Chinese medicine doctor. I don't mind you call me Dr. Lee. In fact, people call me that everyday. @Roma, that's because you're asking a question politely. @WeTag only yells at the "bad people" then disappears. @Creator, how are you going with those 6 things? All I'm doing is repeating what you have already claimed and asking if you stand by them. Yes or No? By the way, your FAQ on the home page are exactly the same as they have been for days. @WeTag Public issue should be done in public. Where you are always asking for backer's personal email address or even home address? Why you are so shy in public? As a charting machine you are not shy at all. You are only shy when the tech questions come up. No. I won't tell any of my personal information to scammers. Who cares who anyone works for? Just answer questions. There are dozens of questions on here that would not even come close to infringing on your patents or proprietary research. Seriously, what's wrong here? A few days ago you mentioned you would updating FAQS on a daily basis with the questions that were asked in the comments. Will this be happening soon? @creator: Stop talking about email addresses and answer relevant/technical questions in public. Stop evading. @Kickstarter: How obvious does it have to become? @Creator, I'm going to quote you some claims you've made, either on the KS Home page or the Updates page. Do you still stand by those claims? Please answer Yes or No to each. Feel free to expand if you like: 1. 1.25"x1.06"x0.09" (32 x 27 x 2.4mm) 2. With its 200ft (60m) detection range and loud alarm, iFind will never let you down. 3. Housing production done by end June. 4. Flex circuit production done by end June. 5. Packaging production done by end June. 6. If you are not satisfied with your product we will refund you the money. I know who is speaking for We Tag! Isn't it obvious? Former Iraqi Information Minister Muhammed Saeed al-Sahaf! So we already had around 30 postings by "creator" today of which ZERO answered relevant/technical questions. Same goes for the update which was promised to answer questions. Another day full of evasion and snake oil tactics. 8 days to go ... @Creator: Answer questions, provide information/pictures/videos and independent tests and don't tell us how and when to pledge. I am a guy come from China. A country which is famous for its people's talent, hard work, and traditional culture manner. Not for a SCAM. I pledge $1 to stop the WeTag people. Stop this Scam. I can read Chinese and I can see how these guys performed in Chinese network. Overconfident, rude, no evidence no science at all. This is Science. Not a religion to PhDs! @WeTag Before you question me. Answer the questions you are response to answer. Yes, I don't mind spend this $1 to shut you down. 3 universities and incapable of providing pictures of the lab/team/prototypes/equipment within a week? incapable of answering any question? and lying again? (stating that the report would contain information about routers, data transfer, additional EM sources, etc. ... when clearly the update contains nothing of that kind) @WeTag Please stop avoiding any technical question. Answer Christian's question about the router. That request has nothing to do with the secrecy of your product. And how many times has it been asked to divulge where this Dr. Paul graduated from? WHERE DID YOU GRADUATE FROM DR. PAUL? I pulled out my pledge but just repledged $1 so I could comment on what a shady and poor campaign this has been. The Creators are showing the perfect example of how NOT to run a KS campaign. How many times has @Christian Holata asked the same question over and over just for you to ignore it. Your cynicism and unprofessionalism shows through your comments and you just sound like an a$$hole. Let me tell you where you can stick your iFind.... <url>#cyber <url>"long range" 801.11ac router with 3 antennas. (model RT-AC68R). By default it only outputs 80mW. There is an option in the "professional" settings to boost the output up to a maximum of 200mW. Here is a screenshot: <url>"WeTag co-founder Wangzhang Yang graduated from China University of Technology" There, we have Atlas tied to this article. It goes on to clearly identify "our little buddy". "Another key point is that the speaker volume. User surveys show that anti-lost volume size is almost beyond the "Replace Battery", users are most concerned about the function parameters. Indeed, if anti-lost alarm rang but can not hear, that did not mean to sound the same. Experimental data Wangzhang Yang provided, in the general background noise streets, iFind at 30-40 meters away from where the phone was still able to give a clear and legible sound. "Take me to cover all the clothes closet, sound or hear." He said with a smile. " Granted this is a poor translation, put the point is that the leader of We Tag states that the miniature speaker is so loud that amid the general background noise on a city street, you can ping the tag and it will respond loud enough to be heard from 90 to 120 feet away. ALSO there is EXPERIMENTAL DATA to back this claim. That's one hell of a speaker and we all know the volume the speaker puts out is in relation to the power supplied to it. @Jessica Hart. They're not backing out of the pledges (nor am I) because we want to see if this project really, truly goes anywhere. Some people want to stop this project and save innocent people's money. I do agree that we should get the media more involved. @Jessica Because we want to prove its a scam so others will pull and stop pledging. FYI all, this isn't the first 500k scam and won't be the last Check <url>"A,B and C were made by a third party design studio "Object Box". They did great work, it looks fantastic; I'd use them. " This ObjectBox Studio or Object-Box (as in the logo) probably only has one client, as they're very hard to find in Google. (try so yourself). I now believe that Yuan Song made the photo's, website and iPhone demo and had Ryan make the video (starring Atlas and friends). I'm guessing the tags shown are no off-shelf luggage tags, but custom laser-cut pieces of plastic. @Dr Paul: Identity theft is a terrible thing. However, your last update is so vague, that I fear you have become an identity theft victim once again. Why did't you include a photo of you and the team in the update? Please insist to include the team in the upcoming video! @WeTag: I still would like to believe you have a working prototype and are able to make these great iFind tags. However, in all your comments and updates you've done nothing to relieve my doubts. Based on that I must conclude you are not willing (or able?) to do so. I'm not denying that the creator's lack of communication is shady as balls and there's a huge chance that this is a scam, but if you all are unhappy, why not just back out of your pledges? Why carry on with the repetitive complaints & snarky insults that are kinda pointless in this comments section? Start posting on ALL their media campaigns, not this one that virtually nobody will see. I would like to paraphrase the comments from "Dr. Paul". I am not going to answer any of your questions because I don't know what the hell you are talking about but take it from me, I am a "real engineer". Oh and by the way, thanks for the half a million bucks suckers, uh, I mean backers. @weTag I get this feeling you don't understand how crowdfunding works. You OWE us certain information. We are FUNDING you! Even bringing up an NDA is insulting to us, your backers Let him post a FB pic to confirm that the Real Dr. Paul is a real human being not a charting machine. Or not you! Zhang yang wang? Or Yuan Song? @All: Stop talking about email addresses and private appointments. This is a public project and we require public information. You just help them with private conversations. They will create fake accounts which will tell everyone that they received evidence or what not. Keep it simple, keep it transparent, keep it public. Lol My email address is <email> you can talk to me there too lol. I wonder do they know the guy's Paul & Rudy over on the Embrace+ campagin too? #scam #fraud #liars A weeks ago I pulled my pledge as is was all.. lets say "unclear", out of fun I had an other look and I can not belief what I see, more then 500k !!!! Wouldn't it be a great experiment if the creator would tell it's all a scam, I expect ppl would still pledge there money and ignore it. Ps : yes I did pledge $1 to make this remark 9 days peeps before you can say bye bye to your money Can the Real Dr.Paul please stand up, please stand up, please stand up? #scam #fraud @All Yesterday we had a Real Dr. Paul and gave us a live show. That Real Dr. Paul did nothing but confirmed his doctor degree. Exactly the same thing repeated in the new update. Today a graduate student tries to let us believe in him because his is in a Phd program. Are you trying to make 20 yr experienced REAL engineer believe you because your unfinished degree?! If you are trying to humiliate yourselves. That's fine. But you are humiliating all the people who believe in science. Yes, my id was stolen too! And I am a REAL Chinese medicine Doctor. Knowing the school this Dr graduated from would allow for actual verification of identity Amazing how the funds are still rising and rising @Wetag So not only did they stole your identify but they also had knowledge of the project and your log in details to access KS? Give me a break who are you trying to kid here. That update trying to rekindle yourself was appalling and very unbiased in every way. You know what to do in order to recoup your creditbilty. You look so guilty right now of deception. Hit the report button people Repeating the same 3 basic question for the 9th time ... QUESTION #1: Why do you say your 2 routers got 300/500mW EM power output when the FCC documents state that they have 1/3 of that power? begin of quote: Q3. What are the FCC ID's of the routers used in the WeTag office? A3:The first one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQ802MAG, with 300 mW output. The second one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQMI424WRI, with 500 mW output." end of quote See <url>#2: What are/where the other sources of EM radiation that where present during the test you conducted and which you mentioned in your "technical report" which are apparently required to power the tags. Do we need big plasma screens or do we need to carry magnetrons around our necks? QUESTION #3: During the test you conducted ... how active where the said routers? Did you transfer data 24/7 in order to make them reach their peak output? Where they idle? Did you just surf Facebook? Clearly an idle router does not send out peak EM ... I got the feeling that whoever started this project did so with absolutely no knowledge about engineering. Whenever an issue was brought up they apparently did a bit of research on Google and posted some bogus statements containing zero relevant information. Yesterday the fake doctor said that the new update would explain why they said that their routers got an EM output of 500/300mW, whether the routers were idle during the test, what kind of other _REQUIRED_ em radiation there was, etc., etc., ... clearly the update does not mention any of those things. Just another day of evasive bullshit and chatbot/snake oil tactics. Most people don't read the main project comments or have the time to. As they post updates, leave comments on those updates since backers who do visit to read the updates will possibly also read those update comments. @All: I guess it's safe to assume that the creator and his alter egos will NEVER EVER provide any real/scientific evidence that this project is legit. So I suggest that you focus on emailing Kickstarter ( <email> ) and to ask them to investigate and to read the hilarious and evasive comments by creator and his alter egos. Also send out emails to the tech sites which have re-printed the WeTag press release so they can update the story. I think we should stop wasting energy on showing this to be a scam. There are 1700 comments doing exactly that and ZERO relevant information form the creator/(s?). @Len, thanks - very interesting. Seem like reasonable people - I'm glad they're confident in their progress and not running away or giving excuses. Wotao says "if you were in my position, knowing and seeing the progress, it would be a no brainer". This is all we've been asking for! To 'know and see the progress', no secrets required. If Wetag weren't expecting to pick up large sums of money without providing any evidence, this wouldn't be a problem, we'd just wait for the product to ship and read the 3rd party reviews before buying - but that's now how KS funding works. Based on Wetag's refusal to share any meaningful info and terrible communication (which is all we've got to go on), the whole thing has been walking and quacking like a duck. If they turn around now (and I hope they do) and dramatically change the situation by sharing credible project updates, then the whole thing will stop looking so insincere. The new "Hi, I'm Dr. Paul!" update, and those emails - while still not comprising actual evidence of a product or their claims - are at least an improvement in communication. I sincerely hope that they're now going to start posting credible updates and that this isn't just an improved level of whitewash. @Sarah +1. That's the most brilliant analogy and summation of this campaign so far. I really hope backers are following these comments closely!! The latest update about the Dr.seems suspiciously fake. How ironic that his identify was taken and the person was able to log in here and disguise themselves as him and post etc. I smell a rat here guys.Hit the report tab now. The emails are extremely frustrating. All they say is "We are happy about the project! When October comes, you'll be proven wrong! Just wait!!!" I'm sorry everyone but that's not how investments are supposed to work. That's like saying "Here, I've got a goose that lays golden eggs! No, you can't see the goose or the eggs, but just trust us! Oh, here's some graphs that talk about how long the gestation period is and how much the eggs weigh! Wait! Why don't you still believe me?!? Commenters are mean!" @Amin, For your information, below is the translation about GPS mentioned in that article: Another technique WeTag team is researching is GPS energy harvesting. Zhangyang Wang said, "Using GPS signals to locate items has wide applications. The problem is GPS consumes more power. If GPS signal itself can be harvested and used to charge mobile devices, it will be so great." The team hopes that GPS devices will be the same as iFind: "no battery", light weight, and potable. If anyone is interested, here are two email conversations from today. Use your own judgement. I am now so frustrated that I will be making no further comments on this project. I really do wish the best for all participants. Adieu. With Atlas Wang <url>"pure promotion like you see anywhere". You can find dozens of websites that have reprinted iFind's press releases. It's rather disingenuous for iFind's FB page to say (e.g.) "Another nice review from Pichawazi!"; it's not a review, they're cut'n'pasting what they were emailed. You just need a good story and some nice pics (of plastic luggage tags). @DrTune/@David - sorry - Google Translate... the article is about WeTag and the tech though right?... heck the picture is the same as the one that appears in their video... correct? @Amin, You misunderstood some of the contents.. It's not Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. and it's not saying that GPS might be the second EM source. The article says "University of Science and Technology of China". They mentioned GPS energy harvesting, but for a different project that they will look into. It's different from iFind. If you need Chinese translation, I can help. But I don't think this article gives much information. This is a pure promotion like you see anywhere else in English. @Amin - no, I think you misread it. The (google translation) is more talking about the potential for using GPS for tag positioning; while these obviously exist, there are several issues. GPS signals are phenomenally weak (e.g. -125 dBm is a good signal; that's about 0.1 femto-watt!), so energy harvesting is a complete non-starter. The weak signal (and need for multiple satellite fixes) which is why many GPS receivers won't work indoors. GPS tags have problems with battery life (e.g. a receiver may consume 40-100ma at 3.3v). Hence indoor-capable GPS locator tags are rather problematic, even one that's many times larger than iFind and with a sizable battery. A chinese article that appeared in May from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology regarding one of it's Alumini - WeTag founder - Wangzhang Yang - <url>"in person" (ideally with some kind of proof it's really him) to explain his involvement and discuss what real work has actually been done so far, he's very welcome. @Dan - Yes it's become a witch hunt. You say "there's no solid evidence this is a scam". I'm not sure what additional "it's a scam" evidence we could POSSIBLY come up with at this point, without a time-machine to visit October 2014? Conversely; let's list the evidence that this is a legitimate project: a) A website and KS campaign pages. b) A slick video (demonstrably showing a faked tag connection process) - featuring Atlas btw. c) They have some nice photoshop work on the "Home" KS page, featuring $5 of colored plastic luggage tags. A,B and C were made by a third party design studio "Object Box". They did great work, it looks fantastic; I'd use them. d) Two woefully poor "technical reports" which use a 'serious' looking font and have numbers.. but are _terrible_ science; full of holes, inconsistencies, omissions and unverifiable - and unlikely - claims. Some statements in them are flat out garbage. ..that's IT, in terms of evidence that this is a real project. Show me one thing that's verifiable, or even half-convincing. After dozens of requests the creators will not share the simplest things such as a photo of a prototype. (etc etc see below) At this point it's reasonable to conclude that this project is not (and has never been) conducted in good faith. The team could turn this around at any point by providing further evidence but seem oddly reticent, instead we have childish postings from @Wetag. I googled Atlas ("a Ph.D. candidate in Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering" who should know Shit from Shinola) and from public information incl his own FB postings it's clear he's still involved in this, has actively been promoting it, and one assumes is intending to profit from it. What his employer (who could easily google this info for themselves) makes of this is up to them. I think I'd want to know if one of my new interns was moonlighting on a scam KS project. If this is all real, then great, no problem explaining himself. It'd still be possible for them to either step up and provide (any) proof, OR cancel this project and say "sorry, we were over-optimistic". At that point the witch-hunt is disbanded. @Sarah Excellent summary in terms that everybody can understand. And yes, an editable google doc would be great. @Jeffery Price and many others thinking Kickstarter will do anything or will be held responsible for any of this fraud.... <url>"undo edit" like wikipedia so any malicious edits can be undone. It'll be easier to repost "SCAM:READ THIS PAGE" daily than an ever-growing list, as well as present things more clearly. I'd like to convince @Sam Johnson to meet with them, and WeTag to demonstrate to Sam their 'prototype'. WeTag can supervise to protect their patent, but it could certainly put an end to all this debacle. @Sam, can we convince you? There's now 9000+ backers that will greatly appreciate it and you wouldn't have to go alone. It's becoming quite evident they have no intention of showing video proof, and I'd love to be proven wrong. there should have been SEVERAL videos by now; to demonstrate, and without leaving any doubts about this product.... if this item is in fact real, seeing is believing ... many other projects have these I don't understand why this one does not I will wait a little longer, TO SEE VIDEO PROOF, real life situation demonstration, no actors... Unpledged I pinged Adobe's HR VP; to: Donna Morris "Adobe intern is engaged in $500k kickstarter fraud". The intern is Atlas Wang (<url>"recharged" by placing it next to a strong wifi signal once a week or month. In retrospect, this would be fine. Yet WeTag has not brought this up when asked. 6) The transparency is completely non-existent. 7) As Mr Bungle pointed out, Apple will not allow apps to "rope" at 5 second intervals. It must be less than 2, which makes the 2nd report even more suspect. 8) All "testing" has been done themselves. 9) Their company address is some guys house. Who knows if the house belongs to any of them. Am I missing anything? I might just copy/paste this in here every 12 hours. If they ever clear up or answer any of these points, I'll take them off. More likely though, I'll just add more points to the list. Anybody think that they just did basic research and threw together a project based on some numbers and ran with it? Also that the photos are of plastic label tags? Details that get examined don't match up with external facts and they can't/won't provide details or proof of the project being real outside of just chatter and their self produced reports. David: A 5s interval fails to meet even the first line of the requirements "Interval Max * (Slave Latency + 1) ≤ 2 seconds" so even with 0 slave latency that would be "5s * (0 + 1)" which equals 5" and 5 is not less than/equal to 2. I think that's right anyway. I've only played with it briefly because my bro-in-law works with BLE. I wish the 9000+ backers exercised some caution and actually read the concerns raised in the comments. @creator has less of a reason to respond if most people don't care enough. don't forget to hit the report to kickstarter tab at the bottom of the home page before its too late @Mr Bungle, Thank you for the information. But can you explain a little more? What does the apple requirements you quoted mean? How does WeTag's 5s Rope interval go against these requirements? Sorry I am not a software person. Thank you in advance! Jeffrey: it's pretty fundamental stuff they should know if they are bringing a BTLE product to market, especially as they are demoing an iPhone in the video. Even if they somehow managed to work around the limits it would result in pathetic performance from the device. Imagine triggering the the buzzer from the app then having to wait up to 5 secs before anything happened. Mr Bungle: are you implying that the developers may have used a standard for testing that is of no real consequence? Could this be because they may not be aware of the strict development criteria imposed on apps destined for the Apple platforms? What, pray tell, would be an interval that would be appropriate given the obvious need to have "real world" results and qualify for Apple iOS passage? Is this interval requirement standard knowledge among those in this line of work? Love to know how are you getting a 5 sec connection interval when it goes against Apples requirements. ● Interval Max * (Slave Latency + 1) ≤ 2 seconds ● Interval Min ≥ 20 ms ● Interval Min + 20 ms ≤ Interval Max Slave Latency ≤ 4 ● connSupervisionTimeout ≤ 6 seconds ● Interval Max * (Slave Latency + 1) * 3 < connSupervisionTimeout @Ian Hamilton I have the feeling we misunderstand each other (what a pity backers can't communicate with each other directly on KS). I sure don't seem to understand you, but I am apparently brainless. I only want @Creator, as asked a very long time ago, to let another (independant) party like a tech blog proof the stuff works in a typical environment. That could have made an end to all discussion. What I find interesting is most of the contention seems to be around the 300mw/500mw output specification of the routers, yet I don't see any mention of distance used when making those measurements. I can't make a comparison to the FCC report without knowing what that distance is. Personally I'm holding off and seeing what data gets published in the next 5 days or so before deciding to cancel or not. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if they just didn't mess up the measurement of the power from the routers. Hell I've taken products to CE pre-compliance and the testing house themselves messed up the reported EMI because they didn't have a setting right. It's certainly not the first project I've seen that was claimed to be a scam. The mini robotic printer also had it's fair share of concerns about what was being advertised versus what they could actually deliver. It did get funded, but it's too early to tell how it will actually work when delivered. I didn't pledge on it because I was at my self opposed kickstarter pledge limit. Please answer the router questions. @James. You. Promised. Not. To. Tell. @Chrstian. Wait, I think everything will be revealed tomorrow. (The real) Dr Paul Anthony will stand up.... to unveil who is actually behind this project. Step forward HAL 9000, we know you can harvest. iFind isn't a bluetooth tag for mere mortals like us to track our missing sheep (or whatever the gaydar throws at you if you're from Plano TX), iFind is a spy tool for HAL, although eventually every iFind will sync up to emit and enormous EM harvested through the input/output 300/500 thingymajig verizon router that will cause the entirety of humankind to be extinct. This is not a scam. This is a serious threat to all humankind. Can we not see it??? I go out to dinner and come back and, well, certainly spiraled out of control... If we hit a cool million we get magic beans. I'm no tech but with the math you guys provided there is a huge gap here. Another day passes. Today we got visited by another alter ego of the creator. Just like all the other alter egos no questions were answered. Just as a reference for Kickstarter employees so you can't say you didn't know about those sites ... <url>#more-1562 <url>"eigbox.net" and also no webpage. It appears to be a service by <url>"real" information you will find out about this whole thingy ... if it's actually a scam. @Christian: "This is the most obvious scam I have seen in a long time. I will prepare an article about all of this ... "Guy with 3 alter egos makes $500.000 thanks to Kickstarter." It's more than one. I count at least three (Yuan, Atlas and Ryan) plus some others that appear in the video. But where is the team photo showing all the (core) members? Project teams usually make at least one photo. @DrTune: thanks, you're probably right. Not logged in to FB only shows his picture and a few things liked (not WeTag). LinkedIn profiles don't show it, despite the two years work and their obvious funding success. @Dr.Paul: why all the secrecy about public things? Tranparency will address doubts... @David Lee, such a prick :) BTW my guess is that when KS kills this and pulls up their "posted by IP address" database and look at @Wetag, it's all from San Jose, CA. Actually @Marcel - Atlas has many mentions of this thing on his personal FB page. I'm not pointing the finger at him per se but... <url>"The input was measured in each case. " --- aaah! We solved the 300mw/500mw mystery! He put a kill-a-watt on the wall socket, plugged the router's wall-wart into it; boom! 500mw! ROFL! My report was sent 3 days ago and haven't heard anything back from KS. Again they know they will loose out on commission if they stop this project. It shocks me really. But it's better to do it in numbers @Len, strewth what a bargain. Does it work by EM, TM or rubber bands? @David Lee +1. Which is why I'm treating it as such. Do you know what they say about Plano TX? Where men are men, women are scarce, and sheep are nervous. @Roma LOL. For $4250, they said they could build me a Tesla with no battery. What a good deal. Ok. This is ridiculous. Really. @Len, you're a true blue bonza bloke. Hope you take a screenshot before you pull it out. Or does it buy you a 51% stake in the company? This is the most obvious scam I have seen in a long time. I will prepare an article about all of this ... "Guy with 3 alter egos makes $500.000 thanks to Kickstarter." @DrTune: Reported it and sent plenty of email to Kickstarter because you can only report once. Ok any of my fellow skeptics not reported this thing to KS yet? I really advocate writing to tech news sites also; KS are willingly impotent it seems. @Roma You got it mate. 4250 shrimps on the barbie. I am 33 years old and not 20. I have worked as an engineer ever since 1997 ... maybe ask your mathematician alter-ego about a crash course in calculus. This is hilarious. They probably got a tech-buzz-word generator and a chat bot and will make $500.000 ... It's just one person pretending to be a group of scientists evading every technical question and the "technical report" is a joke. Can someone up their pledge by $4,250 please? That would be fun. @Christian Agreed This WeTag person has lied many times, both by commission and by omission. Sorry about double post. No idea how that happened. @Sam My apology. You are right. No worth to have a lunch meet with this Real Dr. Paul McArthur. I wonder if this is the most savaged (pre-funding) project on KS? It richly deserves it. It's encircled by a random mob of enraged engineers who are (to borrow a quote) "mad as hell and not going to take this any more" @Michal, if you're thinking TrackR Bravo, think again. As the *proud owner of 10 x StickR TrackR I can advise you with some authority to steer clear of that mob. Just read the comments on Indiegogo about that wonderful little project. Basically you lied. You stated that your routers got 500mW and 300mW of output power. The FCC documents clearly state that those routers feature only 1/3 of that power. So either you lied and never actually measured the routers output OR you tuned them some how (which I doubt) and lied when you said "Tags will work under normal circumstances." ... A "tuned" router is not a normal circumstance ... No it won't. You will just post irrelevant crap again. You are evading the question right here and right now for the 10th time. @Michal - there we go. Great idea. There's many to choose from; some work better than others. Suggest you read reviews first, and once purchased, maybe post one of your own. Contribute to the facts on the internet, not the fiction. Here the first question. Asked for the 10th time. Evaded nine times. Dear real Dr. Paul McArthur, can you tell me how did you get the 300mW and 500mW from your verizon router? By measurement? How? Any pictures of the experiment setup? ok im thanks guys. seen enough no videos, i'm getting a different tracker now available from a different crowdfunding site that HAS a battery and that has made trackers in the past. You could be posting photos and instead you're chatbotting on here. I can kinda see why; it pushes the real Q's further down the page so new suckers, sorry backers, don't bother to read them. Whatever, dig your own hole. Answer the question. Stop chatting about irrelevant bullshit. You are the same "WeTag" person ... stop the bullshit. The FCC papers state that those routers do have a MAXIMUM output of way below those numbers. Please elaborate. IN PUBLIC. Nobody cares about your doctorates. Science works via evidence not via "argument from authority". 10 days to hit the report tab guys do it sooner rather than later Dear Dr. Paul McArthur, You don't have to contact each of us one by one. You can just say what you have to say here, publicly. Thank you. @Christian Looks like you are right - just another fictitious character. This really is a joke. I think I will send an email directly to Watao Yin and Atlas Wang tomorrow. It is hard to believe they would be associated with the disaster but we can compare their responses (if they actually respond). I don't care about your doctorates. I don't want your e-mail. I have worked as a system-, software- and digital electronics engineer ever since 1997 and we want PUBLIC and TRANSPARENT evidence. I will ignore any e-mail from you. Answer the following question IN PUBLIC please ... as a warmup: Dear real Dr. Paul McArthur, can you tell me how did you get the 300mW and 500mW from your verizon router? By measurement? How? Any pictures of the experiment setup? Dr Paul - I doesn't matter if you're the flying spaghetti monster* - We're asking for substantive pictures, devkits, demo boards, real voltage/current graphs, real answers to q's, show us progress, show that you've done ANYTHING. Post as much as you can (from the long laundry lists of options) here so we can all see - including KS staff. It's easy, it's public, it's going to turn this thing around. Otherwise this project is basically a slow motion bank robbery. (*who's a personal friend BTW, and is as camp as a row of tents) @Rome, WeTag, Let's don't switch to another topic. Q&A here about iFind, please. @Sam Sorry. No offense. @Creator, don't know. I think David Lee has good gaydar :) Speaking of which, does gaydar emit EM? This is no "real dr.". This is the same evasive person who did not answer any technical question. Here we go again with irrelevant chit-chat. This scam will be VERY obvious to all the magazines reporting about the first $500.000 Kickstarter fraud and there will be many emails showing that Kickstarter knew about it. No real scientist or dr. would talk about grandparents or being gay when 20 people are asking the same technical questions for days. I don't know, either way I respect LGBT :) Maybe he's just afraid this real dr to be too handsome to handle. @David Lee Personally, I like Sam's comments. But I agree the Q&A MUST be conducted here in public so everyone gets the same info. Lol, who knows @David Lee, is he gay? Let's finish the Q&A here :) Now the real Dr. is coming out! Sam is piss weak. We are not! Dear real Dr. Paul McArthur, can you tell me how did you get the 300mW and 500mW from your verizon router? By measurement? How? Any pictures of the experiment setup? @Creator, I'm 8,593 miles south west of there so probably can't make it. @the real Dr Paul McArthur You want backers to feel confident? You are not hiding anything? Yet your chat-bot has been avoiding and evading questions for more than 3 weeks? And you just noticed this today? Something is seriously wrong...... @Roma +1 @Sam, you have an opportunity..... but now you're baling? Let me guess what comes next: "No need to be upset. We got 10 days left. We will provide everything you asked for in the next few days. We need to talk to our lawyers about taking pictures of our lab because of NDA. I am a real doctor and mathematician and I will gladly answer all of your questions but ignore those questions which have been asked over and over and over and over and over again." ... bla ... bla ... bla .... Dr Paul - great - so why all the dicking about for so long? Just post some proof; we've listed dozens of things you could trivially do. I could care less about your bio, the questions are right here in this thread. Answer them, post some pics, post some blurred out gerbers, some prototype PCBs, some pics of your lab and testing locations, whatever; spend literally half an hour proving to everyone - not just me - that this isn't a scam. If you post something here that makes sense and carries some weight I'll be delighted to say "that looks legit to me" and everyone will be happier. It's so simple. @Real Dr. Paul McArthur: You sound and write just as evasive as the other WeTag guy. Start with those easy 3 questions please ... consider it a warmup: Please answer those questions. They have nothing to do with any secret sauce or NDA. 5th time I ask you. Please stop the hilarious NDA bullshit. Nothing we asked for has anything to do with secret information. All that "NDA", "patent", "secret sauce" talk is snake oil tactics. QUESTION #1: Why do you say your 2 routers got 300/500mW EM power output when the FCC documents state that they have 1/3 of that power? begin of quote: Q3. What are the FCC ID's of the routers used in the WeTag office? A3:The first one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQ802MAG, with 300 mW output. The second one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQMI424WRI, with 500 mW output." end of quote See <url>#2: What are/where the other sources of EM radiation that where present during the test you conducted and which you mentioned in your "technical report" which are apparently required to power the tags. Do we need big plasma screens or do we need to carry magnetrons around our necks? QUESTION #3: During the test you conducted ... how active where the said routers? Did you transfer data 24/7 in order to make them reach their peak output? Where they idle? Did you just surf Facebook? Clearly an idle router does not send out peak EM ... @Warren Coakley: Exactly. Once they fear that they lose more in terms of trust than they make in terms of cash they will suspend it. Best way is to write them an email to their support contact thingy and state that you urge them to investigate this project and to read the comments. So you have evidence for your lawyer or the lawyers for other backers that you actually asked Kickstarter to investigate. Otherwise they will just say "We can't check every project ... it's the responsibility of the backers ... blabla ... but thank you for the money." I got a campaign suspended before when i was able to provide evidence that it was not what it said it was or indeed dodgy. The only way they will listen is if you hit the report button at the home screen and tell them about it,also explaining to read the comments page.However,due to the value amount and they will have a nice percentage out of this i don't think they will bother to do anything,its happened before,but if enough of us report it then maybe they will do something about it. i do agree the creator is dodging questions and stalling with only 10 days to go,so you will need to be quick. @Dr Paul McArthur: How did you tune/pimp the two routers to output 3 times the maxPower the FCC paper lists for them? @Dr Paul McArthur So your are the one who is actually living in that house --the address for WeTag. Inc. Could you take a picture of anything in your lab? Not you bedroom, kitchen. Your lab. How hard it could be? If you do have a lab in your house and two verizon wifi routers with output 300mW and 500mW. @DrTune, I think we got quite a few engineers here. Every electronics guy would post images and videos every other day or so. It's just a normal thing to do. You reach a milestone ... you get a new feature working ... you conduct some testing ... you share pictures/videos/results in the most transparent way you can think of. If anything is unclear or if people question something you repeat the test or upload better pictures/spreadsheets/etc. ... Nothing to do with NDA or patents or whatever. Nobody can reverse engineer your circuit from watching a video showing your team working on the tag as well as some equipment. Most projects I have seen here are trying to be as transparent as possible ... and all you do is using snake oil tactics. You never answered any relevant question. If you really got a team of scientists I suppose at least some of them know how to do _scientific_ experiments and reports ... and how to take pictures which DO NOT reveal top secret information. It can be done. DrTune gave you plenty of examples. @Sam Johnson, sorry to say but that's piss weak. Not worth it. I don't meet a R&D leader who's technical report craps in 5 minutes. Answer my questions first. @all - I believe I've provided substantially more evidence that I'm a real engineer working on Bluetooth devices (not remotely in competition with these guys btw) than the creators have, and I'm not even asking for your money! I simply took 20mins to post stuff I have here on my desk just to demonstrate what _could_ so easily be delivered by Wetag if they were for real. Take a look at any other KS project, esp the ones that have delivered. What were they willing to share? - Plenty of detail; pics, videos, etc. Nothing to hide. Wetag say they want an NDA before even telling us what (off-the-shelf) chip they chose, you ask yourself; are these people for real? I'm not asking for their secret design files, I'm just suggesting they should demonstrate that the things even *exist* before walking off with your half a million bucks. You make your own minds up. Please answer those questions. They have nothing to do with any secret sauce or NDA. 5th time I ask you. Please stop the hilarious NDA bullshit. Nothing we asked for has anything to do with secret information. All that "NDA", "patent", "secret sauce" talk is snake oil tactics. QUESTION #1: Why do you say your 2 routers got 300/500mW EM power output when the FCC documents state that they have 1/3 of that power? begin of quote: Q3. What are the FCC ID's of the routers used in the WeTag office? A3:The first one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQ802MAG, with 300 mW output. The second one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQMI424WRI, with 500 mW output." end of quote See <url>#2: What are/where the other sources of EM radiation that where present during the test you conducted and which you mentioned in your "technical report" which are apparently required to power the tags. Do we need big plasma screens or do we need to carry magnetrons around our necks? QUESTION #3: During the test you conducted ... how active where the said routers? Did you transfer data 24/7 in order to make them reach their peak output? Where they idle? Did you just surf Facebook? Clearly an idle router does not send out peak EM ... Oh well, I work for TI. 635 & 75. If you are interested, come down and search me. It's only 15min to your little garage. @Wes If you don't really care about the science give me your address. I can send you 10 plastic Bluetooth tags called Iever? For free. And you don't need to wait till October. I guarantee you they are the same thing. Or maybe you can change the battery instead of holding your tag under a power tower. @Creator, I'm going to quote you some claims you've made, either on the Home page here or the Updates page. Do you still stand by those claims? Please answer Yes or No to each. Feel free to expand if you like: 1. 1.25"x1.06"x0.09" (32 x 27 x 2.4mm) 2. With its 200ft (60m) detection range and loud alarm, iFind will never let you down. 3. Housing production done by end June. 4. Flex circuit production done by end June. 5. Packaging production done by end June. 6. If you are not satisfied with your product we will refund you the money. Ah but Sam - that's exactly what a competitor WOULD say! :-) This project is becoming more Pythonesque all the time. Yes, of course Wetag, I'm trying to steal your ideas. I'm totally jealous of your unproven technology. So's Sam, so's David, so's Asterix, Christian, Sarah, Jeffrey etc etc. We're all out to get you. Sigh. Please don't blame on your competitors if you don't have enough evidence! Blame on me. By the way, I am not your competitor. I am not related to drop-kicker. I am not someone you know. Yes, I backed this exact project and posted more than 100 comments. If you think me as a troll. It's totally fine. I am just an engineer who is very upset about what you are doing and would like to stop you! @WeTag It is your responsibility to show the pics, answer the questions. Not ours. NDA for a pic of lab, that's ridiculous. Who are you? Nuclear bomb? We have a group of people can sit down in your little garage and sign the NDA. But before that could you at least tell us which part of the garage is your lab?You lost your credit already. You have nothing on the table. Either the evidence or shut up. You know you guys are cuter when you stay quite. Piss off your backers has nothing to do with your company( the little garage). Check this out: <url>— Misrepresentation or failure to disclose relevant facts about the project or its creator — A party related to the creator is posing as an independent, supportive party in project comments or elsewhere Can you answer the router question first? @Creator You do not need to deal with a dozen folks here desperately asking for all the details. Some of them appear to come from your competitors, which I am sure you know. The majority of your backers will be happy if you let us know the progress of this project, not the details we won't understand anyway. The best way to satisfy your backers like me is to deliver the iFind on time. I have confidence in you. @wetag - NDA? No, this is Kickstarter. In return for getting the money - with no recourse to backers if you fail to deliver - the idea is that you disclose reasonable information about your product so we can tell you're not just making this stuff up. Thus far it appears that's PRECISELY what you're doing. You seem incapable of providing a shred of evidence of anything (photos?), and of the few things you've said, nothing checks out (even the power of the routers you claim to have used in your un-video'd, un-photo'd, non-independent, non-3rd-party-witnessed "tests"). It's comical. Very close to removing my pledge, a shame not all kick starter campaigns are legit Is the "10dBm home wifi" part of your patents and should be covered by NDA???? Is the router question part of your patents and should be covered by NDA??? Do you want to sign 1000+ NDAs? Let's solve the problem in public. Right HERE. @WeTag, How do you explain the errors in your technical reports? @WeTag, You. @DrTune +1 Incidentally, the power drain on that graph is way too high. That's from revision 3 of the board. The battery life isn't great. we're not trying to hide that, we know why it happens, we've revised our design, and it's getting fixed. The product isn't perfect yet but we're working out the issues. Nothing has been whitewashed. If this was a KS project and I had to push the date back a month, that graph (and other things) is what I'd show y'all. I'd prolly say "sorry for the delay, here's the issue, we're on it". I expect the comments section would be quite pleasant and supportive. For anyone interested in knowing how strong the wi-fi signals are in their homes, here is the free Android app Wifi Analyzer: <url>"this is what the creators would probably have shared already if this project was legit" a.k.a. "I'll show you mine if you show me yours" : here's roughly what I'm asking you for. <url>#1: Why do you say your 2 routers got 300/500mW EM power output when the FCC documents state that they have 1/3 of that power? begin of quote: Q3. What are the FCC ID's of the routers used in the WeTag office? A3:The first one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQ802MAG, with 300 mW output. The second one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQMI424WRI, with 500 mW output." end of quote See <url>#2: What are/where the other sources of EM radiation that where present during the test you conducted and which you mentioned in your "technical report" which are apparently required to power the tags. Do we need big plasma screens or do we need to carry magnetrons around our necks? QUESTION 3: During the test you conducted ... how active where the said routers? Did you transfer data 24/7 in order to make them reach their peak output? Where they idle? Did you just surf Facebook? Clearly an idle router does not send out peak EM ... $493,000 now. Thanks to Arthur and Martha McArthur and grandson Barfer? @Creator, next project a Geiger counter? Great accessory for the tag. Or vice versa if you lose Geiger. I REMOVE MY PLEDGE ! I've been a bit doubtful about "based on current evidence, is there even a tag prototype at all?" but the energy harvesting thing certainly has a number of issues; Skimming the areas that are problematic: a1) Antenna size is a huge huge issue. You want as much surface area as possible. Because the orientation of the tag vs the RF source is uncontrollable, you want it to be isotropic (omnidirectional), which reduces gain (e.g. dipole antenna vs yagi). a2) By comparison RFID tags rely on the antennas being relatively large and aligned along a plane at a small distance (e.g. 1") apart. RFID tags also work by modulating the incident signal (the transmitting device detects data as changes in the "load" applied to its RF output); they don't need a typical receiver or transmitter as found in BT tags. BTLE is much the same thing as BT but with much shorter duty cycles and is simpler in other ways. Note that (non-intuitively) Bluetooth typically uses similar amounts of power (e.g. 15ma) whether receiving or transmitting; a high gain receiver takes a surprising amount of juice. This is non-negotiable, all you can tweak are the duty cycles of RX and TX. BTLE optimizes both as much as possible. In the case of the CC2540/2541 chip, here's a very useful PDF from TI describing BTLE power usage in detail: <url>"larger tag = easier to design to work well". iFind quote "a generous 200ft range", which is... impressive. This will depend on the host device as well of course. If you use a well tuned directional antenna on both ends (e.g. a patch, yagi, parabolic dish, etc) you can hugely increase the comms range. However, we're talking about cellphones; they've got so much going on it's a miracle they work at all. The iFind will certainly have difficulties with range because it's so damn small. 200ft is rather hard to believe and we'd have to know what device was on the other end. c) Battery/'power bank': The TI PDF I linked to gives hard power figures for a typical BTLE chip. The "sensor tag" that I've got here uses a CR2032 which is typically 230mAh (quoted to give a year of use in optimal configuration) - It's not rechargeable of course, and it's too big to fit in the iFind with the other components. However, rechargable batteries have much lower energy density as well as well as losing some energy in the charge and discharge (assuming DC-DC boost). The iFind might maybe get a super tiny 10mAh li-ion in there but it's pushing it. Supercapacitors are lower density again (as well as having a less favorable discharge curve so a boost converter is required). There aren't any other usable technologies I'm aware of other than li+ or supercaps. Phew, I'll stop there. To summarize: all this stuff implies the iFind claims are super sketchy, even without any photos. Perhaps you could build one if it was much bigger, significantly more expensive, and the harvesting part still won't work anything like as well as claimed (e.g. if you used it more like wireless charging or RFID in terms of antenna size, placement, orientation and TX power you'd be much better off). But a tag on a dog collar or in a drawer in a regular house? Doubt it very much. @wetag - comments? Unfortunately this pattern is not boding well. Radio silence in the face of real sincere questions is a bad sign. Filter out all the rest of of the "blah blah blah" and answer the legitimate questions. Do you have an approximate date for the "uncut video demo"? / photos etc? I know you are seeing the numbers rise and you are not worried, but 1000's are, and at 0 time - this will show up.... * does **NOT** work @Jeffrey, I left this project after them failing to provide a video interview with Dr. Paul McArthur. I had my doubts (scroll down to the very first comments) about this ever working but I wanted to give the benefit of the doubt to the @Creators and wanted to believe this technology could work at least 5% . I believe I owe you an apology for calling you troll. Your last post and @DrTune's posts are extremely valid. I am even ok with a product which does work as specified due to new technology if the @Creators are honest about it. But I don't want to played around. I came back just to say this and I am out again. @Creator The modes I was talking about are those defined in your own tech reports. So as for the power consumption, these modes are continuous -- i.e. Unless you turn iFind off, it will continuously consume the power at the average rates listed in the table1 of tech report 1. So the results in table2 of tech report2 indeed reflect the power consumption of the iFind working in 5s Rope mode unless user wants to turn it off and on at certain times each day. @Dan @Sarah Your assumption on how iFind works on Rope mode is NOT correct. It should be continuously active in whichever mode it is set. Once being in sleep mode it will not do anything until being activated into one of those operation modes. @Jeffrey I agree 110%. This project should be suspended but I don't know what else to do (other than to send disparaging emails to associates of Wotao Yin and Atlas Wang). Nothing seems to even slow down the number of backers per day so I guess WeTag is happy. @Dan WeTag defined 5 second Rope mode as the "real life situation". You can make your own assumptions but others are trying to get honest information from WeTag. @Jeffrey, what an excellent post! I've been discussing this project with friends of different science backgrounds, and we are all curious where this will go. I have not revoked my backing yet, but I will not hesitate to take it away if I am not convinced of a working prototype within the next 9 days. (convinced = video without cutting or independent lab data) @Dan, this was my assumption as well. My two-ish uses a day shouldn't deplete it too fast. Well, "shouldn't." If there is only one takeaway from these updates, it's that this group is horrible at writing technical papers. I guess another thing to consider is that the test they ran had the tags in rope mode pinging at 5 second intervals for the entirety of the 8 days. They've mentioned previously that when the device is not in use, it goes into a sleep mode and is only woken up when it gets a request to communicate (although I believe the energy harvesting continually takes place). That being said, 2.5% discharge rate per day at the most extreme case means that in typical usage, that discharge rate should be significantly lower. I know it's difficult to define a typical usage scenario but I think it's reasonable to assume that most people will not continually lose their items for days on end. If they did, they should probably use a physical rope rather than the virtual one that Ifind creates :) Why do you care what happens to 8,000+ backers? Because what the people on this project are doing harms science in general and makes people even more distrustful of something that should help them understand their world. Instead, when this thing arrives and does not work at all as advertised, the non-critical thinking person gets disillusioned by this product because of the "quasi scientific claims" (how many posts are there where the writer denigrates their science knowledge? Stop that) and then starts rejecting other scientific claims? Stay in, but understand that from a scientific standpoint there is absolutely no proof this will work even 5% as advertised. WeTag has offered no credible evidence of functionality. In fact, the overwhelming evidence has been presented by those of us who are the Nay Sayers. The Unbelievers. I don't give a rats behind if WeTag steals your money. I simply don't like bullies, charlatans and liars who use something wonderful and complex like science to prey on others. I also don't care for well meaning idiots who don't know enough about something persuading others that they ( the well meaning idiot) is more clever than they are. The WMI is more dangerous to society at large than the scam artist. So which are these guys? They started asking for $25,000. You could not possibly do the things they claimed they had left to do on that little sum. As we see now, they had no testing, they are working part time, at night, and have no infrastructure to speak of (they work out of a house). It blew up on them. Now they must either run and cancel the fake project, or BS their way to the end. These guys say they have done "experiments." That means something specific. Not just some random BS measuring. The word experiment is not a substitute for anything else. Same with the "scientific method" and these cowboys have used a method that is absolutely worthless. Have the P hD student show this crap to his advisor in EE. I graduated from UIUC and the science programs I was in were science based, not faith based. Go sell this as an art project that might have technology in it. But don't sell it as a real project. I'm giving them $1 so I can hang around and watch. This Titanic project is going to sink, no question about the end point, I want to see how they rearrange the deck chairs as they take on water. @The JJ Yes, the data shows that deliberate charging is required maybe weekly or monthly but that is just a guess. As others have suggested, there may be rare locations with sufficient EM power but backers should expect a recharging procedure. In the absence of good advice from the WeTag people, this is just my interpretation of their data. @Len Thansk for the info. So just to clarify - you will need a charger for the tags? Any way you would never need a charger? @Creator - jump in anytime! @Wouter Van Goey Good suggestion. Here are three charts that are based on the numbers in Table 2 of the second Technical Report: The Control Tag (receiving little or no EM power) is compared with the 3 outlying tags plus the tag that is 3 meters from A. I included the tag that is 3 meters from A because its data looks similar to the 3 outlying tags. Chart 1 - <url>#1 This chart shows the Control tag declining at 2.7% charge each day. On average, the other four tags are declining at 2.5% charge per day, Chart 2 - <url>#2 This chart shows the four other tags relative to the Control tag. Obviously, there is measurement variation in the % charge data. Chart 3 - <url>#0 Measurement variation can be reduced by averaging multiple readings of similar data. So this chart just averages the four other tags to show that they are being charged at a rate of 0.2% per day relative to the Control tag. So in summary, for the other four tags, EM harvesting appears to provide 0.2% charge per day. This harvesting includes wifi energy and any other energy sources that are being claimed. This EM harvesting of 0.2% per day is relative to a decline of 2.7% charge per day for the Control tag. As described in the Technical Report, all tags were in Rope mode with a 5 second interval. This is only one of 7 modes described in the first Technical Report. Use your own judgement but I would say that the EM harvesting is almost insignificant when the tags are more than 10 feet from a router that is similar to "A". Let me know if any other charts would be helpful. @Jim, a lot of the discussion is actually that this isn't possible and therefore must be a scam. I was just pointing to a relatively recent article relating to this. I did notice that their antennas are clearly larger than what can fit within wetag's device but on the same token, if they were simply doing the same thing, it most probably wouldn't be patentable. Who knows? @WeTag - Correction - not battery level status (since there is no battery) - power bank charge level @WeTag - are you planning on including battery level status on the apps - as well as recharge reminders? @robert You act like we have a choice but to accept the fact that car manufacturers fool us. What are we going to do; refuse to drive any vehicle because all car manufactures fool us about the actual MPG. I don't believe this is wrong. It forces people to use their brains once in a while something more and more people are failing to do. and if they refuse to use their brains well they will just keep getting burned. @Dan "Interesting read on ambient EM harvesting. From 2011 but seems relevant: <url>" It's certain something that has been possible. We're not suggesting that's not possible or never done. However, look at the photo of the printed antenna in that article. That's probably the smallest size antenna needed to harvest power for their microprocessor. Now consider that the iFind tag is about the size of a coin and with an antenna also that small. For a tiny antenna to harvest the same amount of energy, there would need to be significantly more energy around. It gets glossed over in most of the discussions, but it's really the iFind tag is tiny and it's antenna is tiny, so it needs huge huge amount of energy to harvest, else it won't be efficient in normal environments. That's why the focus has been on the power output of the wifi routers and transmitter and if it's possible for the much power to exist. Now, if the iFind tag was the size of the printed antenna in the article or slightly smaller, a lot less people would be concerned about the viability of the energy harvesting aspect of this project. @Dan That is a good read. Thank you for the share. I am not a tech guy and backed this project early on. Came to check out how the projects was going and realized I might be wasting $70.00. So I am pulling my pledge. I hope in a year I can say I was wrong as I really want this to be true, but as I read the comments it is obvious the guys at the very least oversold what they are capable of. Interesting read on ambient EM harvesting. From 2011 but seems relevant: <url>"WeTag Inc. is a Plano, Texas based developer and manufacturer". Not only a developer, but a manufacturer. oh, so there should be a mini factory in the garage, too. The company address mentioned on WeTag's Facebook page is someone's house. There is a lab in the garage? @Marcel, "I couldn't find much info on Paul or on his involvement in all the companies mentioned. Try to Google them yourself. As for the university of Utah I did find references to his name on a patent regarding fluid levels, but not much else" So I did a search. Google Paul McArthur Dallas. There is a Linkedin profile of a medical device consultant. The profile listed two unknown companies. None of the following mentioned: "His past experience includes Circuits and Systems Manager (Freescale Semiconductor), Global Design Manager for ASD (Phillips Semiconductor), Chief Scientist (Biowave Research), Director of Research and VP of Engineering (Sonic Star International), and Research Assistant Professor (University of Utah)." The way that wetag has responded to the questions re sources of energy harvesting other than wifi leads be to believe that there is probably some IP there that they can't give away just yet and that the energy harvested from these sources is probably more substantial than we think. Before I get torn apart- no I cannot provide any research basis for this or what I think the sources actually are or why they work. It's simply a theory. If they have a novel method of gathering energy from unconventional sources it would explain a lot about why they can't provide much info. @wetag- can you confirm at least this much? (are IP concerns are preventing you from revealing additional sources of energy?) oop sorry wrong link; it's 4am here; <url>#folders/0B78sx1JgISTYZm11VnRCbkxhLVE ... I'm not using it right now - if you need to borrow it to make your product give me a shout and I can drop it off with Atlas down in San Jose. Mind you, you'll have half a million dollars soon so maybe just buy your own yeah? @Len re:"The only item in the public domain is one unrelated patent granted for Paul McArthur." That remark triggered the googler in me. However, it is not true; under that name Google did find a couple of patents related to locator systems, see: <url>"Q3. What are the FCC ID's of the routers used in the WeTag office? A3:The first one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQ802MAG, with 300 mW output. The second one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQMI424WRI, with 500 mW output." Those numbers are wrong by a factor of 2-3? How did you arrive at those numbers? Please elaborate. See <url>"...The source of the energy We do not solely rely on the EM energy from WiFi signals. The iFind tag is equipped with more than one capture band...." What are these other sources? After almost one month and two tech reports, you still haven't told us much about other sources beyond wi-fi in 2.4G band. Now your own data has shown that iFind will most likely not get enough charge by itself in wi-fi only home environment. So, without the info about these other sources, how can backers know that the device will work in their home environment in the true "battery-free" fashion you claimed?" Could someone with more time on their hands input the numbers from the most recent tech report into excel? Then subtract the control group numbers from all the others. If you plot the resulting numbers we should have an idea of the actual charge rate in the different environments. I feel like the functions for the outlying tags will be nearly horizontal. Combined with the numbers from the first tech report we could see for ourselves which environment can support which kind of use and (when not indefinitely) for how long. So with this new information in mind: if I place a fully charged tag in your "outdoor location" can I come back a couple months later to make the ringer sound, or will its powerbank have been depleted? Still waiting on better clarification for this. @ wotao I don't have any tech background, but I do hold a math background. I pledged $1 only for this comment. How can a math professor gave options on something he's not sure about? I don't understand tech but I can at least read numbers. I guess you can too. What kind of options did you provide in this report? Calculate with fake numbers? I have to question you have you ever done a math paper or read a math paper. I guess you did. No junk words! Proved the theory as clearly as you can! Explain the methods in details! Logic! Real numbers! None of these was showed in the tech report. How could you allow this shit be published! You tell me what A or B is? What is your field? Abstract? Chaos? As a teacher, what did you teach your team? Cheating with some make up numbers randomly jump into your mind? Or you don't even aware what your team was actually doing, do you? As a math professor, have you ever doubted a report with too perfect math results? @Ian Hamilton So, car manufacturers are fooling you and you accept that? BTW: it is wrong, but car manufacturers fool you along guidelines set by governments (at least in the EU). If lCreator did a test as described every backer would be satisfied, I hoped. Not that hard to setup either, I think. @Creator won't engage me on this one, so something is fishy. I can't conclude otherwise anymore. @WeTag I think those are ok answers. Additional clarity / 2-way discussion would be very helpful. For example in Q1, I am not sure if you are saying that the project is on schedule or not. In Q2, you should be more specific about relevant experience or accomplishments if possible. The only item in the public domain is one unrelated patent granted for Paul McArthur. In Q2, you could let people know that patent applications are generally confidential for the first 18 months. In Q3, why is your router output different than David Lee's numbers? Please keep going with more good answers and dialog (and photos and video). Thank you. professor and Dr. McArthur are "credits", not evidence. Showing credits without reasonable evidence makes credits worse. Verizon Fios FCC LNQ802MAG: <url>"behind the curtain" or precisely describe the state of the project, which I admit I know for being one of the investors, I can assure you that our CS and R&D teams have been working together to come up with more Q&A's. I apologize if my answer still disappoints you. @drtune. Agreed. I feel that there can be a very constructive dialogue especially with a team member from wetag R&D participating in it. Hey Wotao - thank you (genuinely) for raising your head and saying hi. Can you answer any questions about the state of the project? As you're aware, there are a number of questions raised. Thankyou. If you can help us understand what is going on "behind the curtain" I think this comments thread would be a lot more positive. Nobody is here to attack a genuine project, but a number of people have become very suspicious about how this is being run. I guess the WeTag's Facebook page shows a physical address in Plano, TX. <url>"nobody lives in Texas", "not really a PhD candidate", and "Nothing about any of the people listed by WeTag appears to be able to be independently verified"? In addition, some experiments that our R&D team did and published recently were the kind of experiment research, in my opinion. I am not a CS person here. But, I fully understand your way of expressing your interest in our project. Thanks. @Jeffrey Nice comment from the guy who shot the video... Their KS address is someone's house in the suburbs in Plano, Atlas's linkedin (and Facebook page) shows him is an intern at Adobe in San Jose (including FB mention of a road-trip to SJ) since last month - which you'd think would make him kinda busy. Anyway, whatever their geography, I'm more concerned/amused/bemused by the lack of any photos of anything (hey can we at least see your shoes? your cat?) , simple answers (which chip?), etc. Hey here's a thought; @Wetag, if you cut me a piece of the action ($80k will do), I'll log in and answer the KS comments for you. I can mock up a convincing looking prototype, answer q's properly, all that stuff. It'll be a pleasure. My name's ... er... Dave.. Dave Smith. Check's in the mail yeah? I have read Hackaday. Drill down to Diego Spinola's comment dated May 22 at 12:22 am. Very interesting background info on the WeTag gang. Anonymous domain registration, nobody lives in Texas, not really a PhD candidate, no links to any research at all. Nothing about any of the people listed by WeTag appears to be able to be independently verified. @Wetag When will you be able to choose your color I backed $30 to your company. Do you email us or something? Just for fun, here's a screenshot of the config page of my ASUS RT-AC68R WiFi Router. This is a high-speed (802.11 ac) router that is touted for it's long range. The maximum output is 200mW, and to get it to go even that high, you have to go into the "professional" menu which lets you tweak a lot of system options. You can see that it specifically says that the max is 200mW. <url>"...The source of the energy We do not solely rely on the EM energy from WiFi signals. The iFind tag is equipped with more than one capture band...." What are these other sources? After almost one month and two tech reports, you still haven't told us much about other sources beyond wi-fi in 2.4G band. Now your own data has shown that iFind will most likely not get enough charge by itself in wi-fi only home environment. So, without the info about these other sources, how can backers know that the device will work in their home environment in the true "battery-free" fashion you claimed?" @Wetag - ok so Jeffrey asked you just about the most trivial question possible which you dodged again. Why on earth would you stall like that..? Would it be... a) Because your answer would surely invite investigation (i.e. we go look them up @ FCC) and might raise issues with the consistency of your past replies ("Verizon Fios", "came with the service",300mw & 500mw) b) Because the FAQs might take you a few days (maybe 11?) to put together... c) Right this second you can't remember what make/model the routers are? You forgot? You weren't there at the time? You.. err... what? C'mon really this is absurd. Perhaps you should fess up to some stuff "ok we didn't measure the routers", "they're not 300mw", etc.. but then other things start to unravel... @Jeffery Price: See <url>" May 21, 2014 at 2:01 pm, Luc Stepniewski (@lstep) says:" I bet this will be a Fail. Cool. That was easy, only took 3 minutes to respond. You're obviously listening. Can you identify the name and model number of the two routers in tech update 2? Aww, you know, lawyer. (I love this part)! You might want to consult your layer before you respond. Please tell all Backers why the product on Alibaba is not like yours. What makes it different, and are your lawyers going to seek an injunction given the physical similarities and obvious "near likeness" that clearly must violate your current patent application? ( oh, please provide the patent application file number, that is public record stuff, ask your lawyer). <url>"iFind -The World's First Battery-Free Item Locating Tag" @wefind. Ok at this point I don't believe you're wearing any shoes. Please post a picture of your feet, wearing shoes. You can blur out your shoelaces if that's a legal issue. Once that is established, we'll slowly work towards taking pictures of your desk, lab, PCBs, prototypes, etc. Maybe they're harvesting the Chi (aka Ki, Qi or Prana). Seems just as plausible. @Creator Is your website currently down? It seems so.I wanted to send the link out and it seems unreachable. @Creator "...The source of the energy We do not solely rely on the EM energy from WiFi signals. The iFind tag is equipped with more than one capture band...." What are these other sources? After almost one month and two tech reports, you still haven't told us much about other sources beyond wi-fi in 2.4G band. Now your own data has shown that iFind will most likely not get enough charge by itself in wi-fi only home environment. So, without the info about these other sources, how can backers know that the device will work in their home environment in the true "battery-free" fashion you claimed? They're either idiots or scammers. We're either idiots or suckers. @Ian - as a geeky-engineer type I'm trying to ask reasonable, non-secret technical questions about this device and I'm increasingly amazed at the lack of sensible replies to any of them; also no photos, no anything. You may not find this suspicious; up to you. You're "pledging to pay a certain amount if the project is successful". It would be SO awesome if "success" was defined by KS as "shipping a working product", and in that case we'd all just wait and see (like anything you buy at retail). There is at least a small possibility that "success" is defined by the creators as "picking up $500k, making some excuses and disappearing". That's obviously happened multiple times on KS in the past, hence most projects are keen to put on a good show for backers to encourage good faith. At this point if iFind's intentions are to produce real hardware they will absolutely have a bunch of physical things (and design files etc) they could show us. That they won't show us _anything_ - and fail to answer even basic questions - is extraordinarily suspicious. Myself and others have suggested maybe 30 different things they could readily share with the public that would show progress and good faith. We asked a bunch of questions, some incredibly simple "please read us the FCC IDs off the routers you said you tested yesterday".. and... nothing? It's so bizarre. Hell if I was conning people I'd try harder than this. @Jeremy Schulkin "The creator and their team is doing everything possible." ... oh, really? So taking 10 pictures of prototypes, the lab, the team and the development process is impossible? Answering basic question (which does not imply to give away any secrets) and not re-iterating the same irrelevant blabla is impossible? I see. @Jeremy Schulkin Although I don't agree with the delivery system of some of the comments being made (you all know who you are), I have to reserve harsh judgment, as some some of the critical thinking, information and questions seem quite valid. I also believe you would feel a bit different if you were on project # 30 with more than half delayed and a 1/3 potentially non existent in any possible future timeline. 11 days to go! DrTune ... heck, I'd even be happy if they uploaded a pic showing and old STK500 Atmel dev board or some cheapo USB oscilloscope showing the 50/60hz of some power outlet ... lol ... just something? After reading their "technical paper" I am pretty sure they have absolutely no experience in digital circuit design. And I agree 100% with you ... I'd u/l 4-5 pictures of my tiny lab ... just like you did ... some devboard ... a breadboard ... some wires ... and a few prototypes ... With 20 reverse image search engines it's probably not so smart to re-use some imagestock pic showing a lab ... or some picture from a fablab ... ;-) I am getting the feeling that this is a 2 man scam and that they hope for the 11 days to pass by quickly ... @DrTune why do you keep talking about refunding. no one has been charged anything yet. and if the project were to be cancelled (and i am not in favor of that yet) then no one would be charged. All you have done right now in pledging is committing to pay a certain amount if the project is successful. If you don't want to pay it then just cancel your pledge before the project ends. @John - You know how to talk, but your words don't have any substance. You haven't proven anything or added anything. You're just saying you believe and everybody who disagrees is wrong, and you can't argue why it would work. If I didn't do my research I wouldn't be here and discussing it. I understand why this project is suspect and why the numbers don't work out. The conclusions I have are my own. You simply can't harvest enough energy out of a typical environment for this to be viable. Especially with a collector the size of a coin. There isn't enough surface area or energy around. If it was possible, another company would have done it or bought WeTag out already. This technology is a endless gold mine if it existed. They certainly haven't shown the proof for it. These test environment is supposed to have 2 wifi routers outputting 300mw and 500mw. Ever think that routers don't always output at their max power and most routers don't even output at that much? And if they did, they would be actively transmitting data full blast, which they don't most of the time. If this project works in all aspects fully, I'd gladly pay 2x full retail price in November. @Jeremy - It's not $14, it's half a million bucks from eight thousand people, and all we've actually seen are $4 of colored plastic luggage tags in a fake video & some unverified and dubious graphs. Asking for a couple of real photos or basic questions answered doesn't seem unreasonable before they collect the cash. @Len - Personally my interest is in keeping KS from being a great place to rip people off. If this project is real then great. If it's not I just want it cancelled+refunded and KS to be pushed into doing a better job policing these things. Your comments about the creators come across as a little aggressive @robert "Unfortunetaly we have been served two technical reports based on data collected by yourselves in your own controlled environment." are we going to get bent out of shape about them using their own controlled environment. That's what automotive companies do when they tell you the potential MPG of their vehicle. The test it in their own controlled environment so they can put the best possible number out their. No one in real world circumstances get the MPG promised by a stock vehicle. But we don't flip out on them even though loosing a few MPG can cost us allot more in the few years we own a vehicle than this project could ever cost us. @WeTag Robert, Jim, and especially DrTune have my respect and I wish you would answer their questions. But maybe you are happy with 14 k$ rolling in every day. Really, all of these people asking questions and cancelling pledges are minor irritants. But have you really considered the potential consequences of your inactions? If just 1% of your backers become very upset, they could make life miserable for some of your core team. Wotao Yin and Atlas Wang are particularly vulnerable. Their email addresses can easily be found as well as the email addresses for more senior people at UCLA, Rice U, UIUC, Adobe, etc. If you think that this could not happen, checkout the creator's comments under The Type Deck project. Also, if you think that a class action lawsuit could not happen, check out the Asylum Playing Cards project. Wow I have read all the comments and it has...not changed my mind at all. Your all a bunch of cry babies. It's $14. It's Kickstarter. The creator and their team is doing everything possible. Shut up. I've bought 3 of em and I will keep my pledge right where it is. @Creator My main concern is that testing is not performed by an independent party as asked by me and others. More than 20 days ago it would have been possible to look for one and had them sign a NDA. If they had a working tag after 20 days, assuming there wasn't a battery in it, it would have been enough proof for me. Especially if the testing party had had a glimpse of the innards (after the testing period) to check that there wasn't really a battery in it. Unfortunetaly we have been served two technical reports based on data collected by yourselves in your own controlled environment. Why didn't you perform a test like that? Your patent lawyer could have arranged something like that easily. Jim I have. Have you? Or do you consider parroting what other have said over and over again your life's ambition? @John I posted real pics of hardware (not of iFind - but those are proving hard to come by), he said something about one of the pics, I responded with technical detail. I agree such behavior is entirely out of place on this project's thread and I won't do it again :-p @John - I'm sorry that anything critical that has been posted is so unintelligent. Have you given any good amount of thought about the plausibility of the project or done any research into it? Or do you believe in everything that you've been told? You can add something intelligent to the discussion of this project if you wish. Glad you guys are having a love fest. Unsure why you want to share your bromance here. Can you take it off line. You know, allow intelligent discourse to happen? @Jim you're right - I'll shoot some video of my cat beeping and lighting up. In passing (and as an example of a hypothetical 'creator response') : That particular picture "battery testing rig" is all ebay parts cobbled together (i.e. it's not the product) - it's a simple Arduino nano plus a CC/CV charge board used to automate charge/discharge cycles of the li-ion cell (hence the power resistors and relay board) so I can profile it & test capacity without sitting around for hours and hours, something that got old pretty quick. It charges at ~20mah (about 0.6C) and discharges at 35mah (1C). The (smaller) battery is a single 37mah protected lipo cell that will be used in the production device. It's glued to a pizza box for stability. The pizza was delicious. Any other q's - happy to answer immediately and thoroughly. :-) @Wetag - if/when you decide to answer the simplest possible question "what BTLE chip are you using" at the same time I'll be expecting to see a picture of an off-the-shelf devkit for that chip with "Wetag" scribbled on it, with some wires hanging off, convincingly hooked up to a PC, etc. No secret power-generating sauce required, simply demonstrate you even have the necessary equipment to hand. I showed you mine :-) @DrTune - I think I've figured out your secret sauce. There's an Arduino in there and battery and other things. The iFind tag is supposed to be about the size of a large coin.. We'd never be able to decipher their secrets if they showed photos of their prototypes. A photo can only show so much details. Also, amazingly they're not really in prototype stage anymore since the photos on the main KS page is super refined and seamless. They never talk about any problems they need to resolve. It's all perfect. They show at least 10 tags, all look production ready OR like plastic tags I could get at a store. Proof that the tags in their current photos are not just all plastic tags would be good. There's nothing about the iFind to show in any video to proof it works especially if it's edited. It doesn't have any light and doesn't move, it just beeps. Any decent video editting program would be able to add in beeps into a video. An app/video could be edited so that the phone seems to react in the right way when interacting with the tag. It just takes some time. @DrTune +1. As I mentioned in my post previously regarding tangible evidence, seeing something as tangible as a team photo, or a lab, or random equipment to show you're doing something can make a big difference in the confidence of your backers. @All - Hey I'll step up and show you what *I'm* doing! How about that? It's a Bluetooth (not BTLE) project, in a very small form-factor. It's not a locator tag, it's not crowdfunded, it's nearly in production, I work in a mess and I don't care two hoots what you think about it, but... here it is. I even blurred out the chip IDs to preserve my "secret" :-) THIS is what you should be seeing from this project (at the absolute minimum!) <url>"DrTune" but I only this second thought of doing that. :-) Anyway... Not trying to hijack this thing, but it took me all of 15 minutes to take these pics, blur and post them (one of the pics of the power graph is old btw). @Wetag - your turn. SURELY you can beat that. I haven't heard any rumblings about the shake-to-find-your-phone feature recently. Have any tests been done on this? @David - Okay I can't read Chinese but that is pretty compelling. I don't know what's going on here but yeah…these are WAY too similar to be a coincidence. Now I'm worried. A picture of your EM measuring equipment. A picture of your Faraday cage. A picture of your oscilloscopes. A picture of the test setup. A picture of your R&D team. A picture of a prototype. Anything? Just words ... lots or words ... and a "technical paper" lacking all the required details mentioned below. Hello all, This project is so interesting that I have to throw $1 here to comment :) I just found an interesting product today. Look at this from Alibaba: <url>"president" is just someone who put her name on all the legal documents? I can't believe that a R&D leader with 20+ years experience will post two technical reports which break in 5 minutes. Those reports are possibly from the students who has limited industrial experience. If you can't afford a lawsuit, cancel the project and run!! Amin Lalji: Where exactly did they answer any question? Still no video because they need to determine the content? LOL? There is only one product ... so what is there do determine? ;-))) Apparently they have not even started shooting the video. What about a simple picture of your team and lab? Nada! What about actually answering the questions DrTune raised? Provide a picture of a gerber file opened in your favorite PCB editor and your lab in the background ... blur the PCB if you want ... just provide anything. So far you have provided NOTHING in 30 days? The rest is just the same old meaningless blabla. No details. No specifics. Nothing. Just obvious blabla. But more information to come ... just keep the project backed and pray. @WeTag - glad you are starting to answer questions and being nicer about it :) Some advice: when responding to questions, consider that most of your backers are not EM experts and require better details and accuracy in your responses e.g. Your response to "3. When a tag is placed more than 3 meter away from the home router, how would that impact iFind? Please see the answer in part 2." Could have been better stated as "When a Tag is placed more than 3 meters away from the home router, it will no longer efficiently use that home router as a charging source. It will however continue to re-charge using other possible sources of EM (should they be available in the area) such as Cell Phone Tower Signals, EM generated from Televisions, EM generated from Cell Phones, etc." Thanks! Heh, well honestly even at the higher pledge levels, the iFind is a pretty cheap project to back, and even if it doesn't perform as well as we'd hope, and you still have to charge it once a month, that's still better than current products you can buy. Everyone is going nuts over a $14 investment (even the folks who only pledged $1). A typical work lunch costs this much, I think it's worth the risk. This IS KickStarter afterall, where projects can and do fail, not meet expectations, etc. I say give them a chance, hell just reading all the rage posts in these comments is worth the $1 pledge to me :) @DrTune, Christian Thank you for the list and your opinions. In the most projects you see the PCB. I reduced my pledge to $1. I'll wait for a demo video and tech specs. BTW I did a rough excel sheet figuring out your costs; minus just KS fees and counting your volume discount for multiple units, I make it about $12 per unit. Let's say a padded bag+US shipping is a buck. If I totally guesstimate your NRE I come out with somewhere between $50k and $120k so subtract that from your ~$480k. You're committed to producing roughly 30k units for 8200 backers; very very roughly I figure you need to have each unit FOB China @ $7 or so at max. At 30k volumes your BOM will get reasonable discounts if you haggle but if your BTLE chip is $1.50, your magic RF-DC is another $1.50, etc,etc.. you see where I'm going. It looks very, very tight if not impossible. Basically I find your pricing structure to be, very generous, if not foolhardy. For something with the unique properties you describe I'd have charged at least another $10/unit. BTW backers - don't just focus on whether their secret energy-sauce can work; ask yourselves if they can even produce a properly working BTLE locator tag at all; it's not a trivial thing, esp in this form-factor. Don't count on it. You can patent an idea if you wanted too. they won't be turned down just because they can't prove it works. there are several patents for perpetual motion machines and none of them work. @Wetag - some suggested evidence you may wish to share ASAP: a) According to the iFind timeline, by end of June you should be complete on: a1) Housing production CAD images pls? a2) Flex circuit production Can we see your PCB gerbers? Even just two copper layers + vias in the right form-factor, no components, schematic or silkscreen required. Show us a PCB that's unpopulated. Show us a non-form-factor demo board with the secret bits fuzzed out. a3) Packaging production Packaging mockups - video of someone with preproduction proofs in hand? a4) ATE (test equipment) done at end of July Any pics? Bed of nails? Jig with pogo pins? b) Android and iOS apps; b1) Can we see video of the apps in action working with a prototype tag even if it's not final form-factor and the tag is hidden in a paper bag? Let's see someone walk down the corridor holding one. b2) For Android can we get a download of a compiled APK? There should be nothing secret in there; it's a BTLE tag reader app. Doesn't matter if it doesn't even fully work yet, just something to show you're progressing. c) "Our team spent almost three years in the research and over a year in development of iFind including design and market analysis." Great let's see some evidence. Give us some of your earlier, outdated stuff. Anything will do. d) What BTLE chip are you using? e) What are the FCC ID's of the routers you used? Pics? f) Pictures of the team holding a prototype looking happy b/c it works. Pictures of a testbench. Pictures of any of your testing sites from your last report. Picture of anyone involved... Anything. g) Your business address is someone's house in the suburbs. Do you have an office? Really _anything_ other than some pretty marketing images and a video that's clearly not showing a real device working. What you've provided so far - practically nothing - is incredibly unconvincing compared to your claims. @Christian @Jim @Jassen - Excellent critical thinking skills. After 1400+ comments, the WeTag people simply repeat the same weak statements with no additional evidence. Both technical reports show data that confirm this project cannot meet its claims yet the words say the opposite. As Christian suggests, it seems likely that WeTag's patent applications will be declined because they cannot provide data to support their claims. Less than 50% of patent applications actually become patents granted. Not only are the WeTag people deceiving their backers but the patent lawyers appear to be deceiving the WeTag people. This project feels like a slow motion train wreck.... all talk and no video makes Warren a sad man! :( @Jim: Every company knows about induction. Every electric toothbrush uses induction to charge its batteries/capacitors. The thing is: You can only harvest what is there. You can not harvest 0.5 Watt from out of thin air to power your headphones. Also the FCC regulates how much power in terms of electromagnetic waves a device is allowed to send out. You would need to live within an MRI scanner if you wanted to extend the battery life of your iPhone ... which would not be very healthy. We are talking about tiny, tiny fractions of that energy you are talking about. But you can steal power that way from a big power line. Just lay down a 5km long wire in parallel and charge your iPhone right there ... ;-) It's illegal though ... @christian- I commented that their response was professional because after the complete breakdown in communication yesterday, this one didn't resort to accusations and didn't personally address backers. It's a step in the right direction, that's all I'm saying. "Okay, serious question: If most-everyone here believes this product is a scam then why are you still invested in the product…even for a dollar? Why not just cash out and leave?" Because we have serious doubts about the project due to the fact we actually looked critically at all the details. It's not about the individual pledges of $10-$100. We're talking about the total amount of almost $500k. The questions being asked are valid and do not expose their patent secrets. They say it will work in typical environment, but they never detail what that environment is. A tech report should have all the details. It doesn't refer to a wifi router as a router, it needs to have the specific model in the document or footer. They provide their own words in place of independent review. They don't have any photos of prototypes, even if it doesn't expose critic parts. If they have technology that works as good as they say and they could prove it, they would quickly get them bought out by any giant company. Think BILLIONS of dollars. If Apple had this tech they could put it on their phones and extend battery life. Anything that uses power, they would use this to extend battery life. Every company would want a piece of them.. If this small form factor technology existed to get collect usable amounts of energy from a typical environment, outside of a lab, they'd be on the news right now. I am asking technical question. That is supposed to help you in evaluating the product. But I will go away now. Why try to help people who feel attacked and annoyed by technical questions ... ;-) Hey guys, many of you have requested a video demonstration. I would like, too. My question is, if they do not include iFind's EM harvesting circuit in the video (and I am sure they won't), what will you guys say? Christian, your not helping anyone, go away. Look at you last post. Da. How am I attacking you? Can you give just ONE example? "When in an operational mode and if there is enough energy available from the harvester, the firmware works directly off the harvest." That sentence alone should ring a bell. A R&D guy writing that "the firmware works directly off the harvest" does not even know what he/she is writing about. A firmware is a piece of software. Software does not use energy. The chip/IC/FPGA uses energy not the firmware. Also the "technical paper" talks about an 8 day period but nothing is said about the actual throughput over the WiFi in terms of data. Clearly an idle WiFi router will not output 300/500mW for no reason. So did you download porn for 8 days over your WiFi in order to have the routers output the desired power? Those documents are just a joke ... they are for the scientific illiterate ... Again why attack a backer. "love thy neighbor"? Look on the internet (you know that same thing you are attacking me with). You will find many routers that will fit the bill. Again grow up. @Stephanie I want to see it working. I want the WeTag team to succeed, and I'm still interested in progress at a dollar, however I'm personally not comfortable really investing at this stage. Should the team succeed, I'd be happy to buy it properly at full price, and on the flip side, if this turns out to be a 'scam', then I don't care about losing a dollar. Then why not tell us the brand/make/serial/rev? Just because there are SOME routers who will output enough power (if you are actually using your WiFi 24/7 and not just have it idle in case a friend with a laptop shows up) that does not mean that MY particular router will output enough power. That's why we asked for details and we were told "details? lol? also want to know my SSN?" ... that answer is just hilarious. So it is somehow permissible to attack backers? Are we children? Walk away if you don't believe the product will work. Or act like a civilized adult. Many have stated that routers are available with the output posted here. Grow up. We can easily re-cancel our $1 pledge 5 times a day. We just don't want others to be scammed ... you know ... as in "love thy neighbour". Okay, serious question: If most-everyone here believes this product is a scam then why are you still invested in the product…even for a dollar? Why not just cash out and leave? @Ian I think it was the fact at their method of dodging the question, and then the snide remarks that followed, which is weird. If they didn't want to disclose that information, they should have just replied to say why in a professional way, but they didn't. The other issue with routers, as has been pointed out a few times is that most routers (at least where I am in UK) do not function at that high a level of output, so it would be in our best interests to know how they achieved these outputs from 'off the shelf' routers. Also do you guys actually constantly USE your WiFi? My WiFi is on but it's not being utilized unless I use my Nexus thingy to download an e-book for 5 seconds once week. Do you only surf via WiFi? No cable? Because those models do not output 300/500mW for example as someone stated here in great detail? My car has 7000bhp ... want to buy it? My 5 minute OpenOffice report proves everything! How naive can you be? I agree with Christian... Answer the simple questions, without sarcasm, and without being patronizing, and you'll go some way into gaining back some credibility and respect. At this stage, I'd settle for a video/pictures of an actual working finder-type product, as nothing tangible has been demonstrated yet. In terms of battery, unlike what most of the backers here have mentioned, I'm not really bothered about how long the battery lasts away from the router, I'd settle for weekly charges, however it would be nice to SEE something that works... why are you guys so on about the particular model of router they used. They gave us the output and if you are believe that they lied about the output you would also believe that they would lie about the model of the router, correct? Every other project shows pictures of their team, lab equipment, etc., etc., ... you can provide a ton of information without ever touching your patents. Also what kind of patent are we talking about? How can you patent something you don't even understand yourself? You didn't even know what dBm stood for a few days ago. The whole report is probably the result of a few hours of research after a few people raised those questions here in the comment section. At least that's how it looks like to me. You had a month of time to answer questions. You even refuse to name the revision number of your WiFi routers. You compared FCC IDs with SSN. Etc., etc., ... that has ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to do with patents. Also your technical report is hilarious ... it's just a fucking graph every kid can do in OpenOffice. Any serious person would have provided a video already showing your equipment and the product/prototype in action. Just like every other project does it. I wonder if the backers here would buy a car from someone who just talks for 30 days without ever showing any evidence? Probably not ... @Dan: What is professional about that post? It's just the same old meaningless blabla ... The professional manner of this post is much appreciated! Were you planning to put out a video with a prototype demonstration of the device in these next 10 days(it would be better less cause I ain't waiting till the last day)? If not then sorry, but I'll have to back out of my pledge, too. @Charles - the issue I've been trying to get WeTag to clarify is directly related to your point. .. the configuration of their wifi boxes/transmitters/test parameters used during their testing will allow BACKERS to decide if a) their planned environments for use will support adequate functioning of tye device and b) whether it is worth it ... I have no issue charging the tags once a month....l but if my router needs to output 300mW ... I may also need to buy a new router, change my config, risk burning out my existing router, potentially suffer wifi performance isssues.... still willing to "go down with the ship"? - this whole project is smells like the Lima Project ... they too misled backers by showing a prototype... but is was all bs... they are 6 months late in delivery and counting... they claimed two years of previous development and have yet to show any real substance... glad I got my refund via my credit card company... I'll not make that mistake twice @Charles, once a month is one thing - although even that isn't as advertised. What say it's once a fortnight? Weekly? Daily? Hourly? Do you know? Do we know? Does ANYONE know? In my book, the burden of proof is with the creator, not us. Looks like from the comments this is turning into a witch hunt? So, let's say that the specs reveal that the tags will not charge as quickly or fully as we were hoping. Let's say that once a MONTH you just have to put the tag within 10 feet of your wifi router while you check facebook...is that really so bad? Call me crazy but I am not reducing my pledge, and until this is proven a scam I still want the finished product, and will go down with the ship if I must. I also changed my pledge to receive 2. If I'm convinced that itvworks properly i would like to go for the 10 items pledge... +1 for independent review and especially high profile reviewing site. If it really works that great, project should easily go over 1.000.000 USD. I think there are a lot of unconvinced backers here atm... Google says that a Wanda Klimek of Plano TX has unclaimed property (valued at $1.00) going back to 2003. Wonder if that's Creator's friendly el Presidente ("responsible for managing the customer service and media campaigns"). Bucks are hard to come by, so no wonder she's snarky all the time! Will iFind help her find it? I asked for a real-life test by an independent party. A test in the WeTag office performed by WeTag employees doesn't really qualify as such. Not to me, anyway. About 20 (it were a couple more, I think) days ago something like that could have been organised. As for the numbers, I am with Jacob Thoma (see update #12, if that's accessable) I thought that already with update #8 (was it #8?) and I have the same feeling with this update. Anyone can write a nice report ... I read somewhere update #12 was only published to backers. If that's true, that makes me only doubt more. No, I am not a US$1 backer on this one and I didn't join this party that late: I am an Early Bird backer, waiting for a sign to pledge more. Maybe I missed it, but I still didn't get that sign. @Marcel M I've backed (am backing) a couple of more projects. Let me phrase it like this: the way WeTag sometimes reacts is not the way I would recommend (but they answer at least, although they once stated they are unique in that). @WeTag: the fears I mentioned in my previous comment have not been addressed in the past few days, but were increased by the way you responded (or didn't respond) to reasonable questions, as well as how you reacted to various comments. Although, with only three projects backed, I'm relatively new to KS, I can see that your project is not giving me the same trust in success as the others do. Having read several discussions around failed projects and about the (absent) position of KS in resolving issues, this leads me to reevaluate my pledge. At this moment I'm not sure you will successfully and timely deliver a working product to your backers. For that reason I've just changed my pledge. I'm not posting this because I want your project to fail. I post this because I hope you can make it succceed! You have less than 12 days left to convince me and the other doubtful backers. Hopefully you will follow the friendly suggestions that were given... Still want a video please. ASAP @Michal @Amin, Maybe my probability calculator thinks the tag needs to be as big as a pi to harvest enough EM thingies :) Meanwhile, back at the ranch, the total pledged has just crept up a notch. Just goes to show that it doesn't really matter what we say here, people will just keep on believing this thing's gunna fly! @Adam (or any others) You don't have to keep a 1$ pledge, you can cancel it totally using the "Cancel my pledge" option, next to the big green button when you are managing your pledge. @Michal - cuz WeTag wants to have it's PI and eat it too? :D lolz @roma why pi % out of curiosity lol? @Len My apologies for the delayed answer. My Excel-based probability calculator seemed to be chugging away but coming up with no precise answer to the first question. The best I can do is estimate that the probability of the notoriously-greedy Kickstarter suspending this project before the end of the month is only about 3.141592653589793238462643383279502884197169399375105820974944...%. It kept coming up with error messages something about pi (it can't even spell) so I kept hitting the no-thanks-I'm-not-hungry key :) I'll leave @Jeff to calculate the probability of a class action lawsuit within the next year! @creator I'm on the fence on this one. I'd like to believe this project will work, and I'd love to increase my pledge, but I would also like to see some independent evidence proving this concept. I have a two questions: Do you have a working product, or not? Is October a reasonable timeline for delivery, when they're being shipped in packages of no more than ten? By my rudimentary math, you're on the hook for over 30,000 of these things. Just reported to Kickstarter as "not a project" For those interested, here is what I reported. Please do likewise. "WeTag does not have a working product that meets the advertised criteria. They blatantly lie about technical details and never fully answer simple questions. This violates Kickstarters policy about transparency. They demo a non working device. Nothing in this project lives up to WeTags claims... Please either suspend this project or give us our $1 pledge money back so we can continue to back meaningful Kickstarter projects. If you have any doubts just read the comments. You do not want this fraud or scam going public and possibly hurt your image do you?" I would like to thank you guys for the heads up I was going to purchase 10 of these. Have you seen this TILE for iPhone is that crap too? If you have a reliable product you don't let people hammer away at it like this you stand up but I see no post by the Ifind team. If I worked hard on something I wouldn't let someone smear it. Good luck Ifind team you have a lot to answer for and I would wait. If me and the other many skeptics are wrong, let's say we succeed in our nefarious plans to get this cancelled (for the reasons I specified below which I think are "good") - nobody's going to jail. The only downside for WeTag is they go back to the drawing board and do a (much) better job next time. They may also decide that their revolutionary technology can get backing elsewhere. Look at other BTLE tag projects on KS; compare and contrast. @Chloe McNease This is my interpretation of Update 12. There are a lot of words that make it sound like the tests were very successful. But the data in Table 2 confirms what many have suspected - that little or no charging occurs when the tags are more than say 10 feet from a strong wifi transmitter. This means that each tag will have to be recharged, maybe weekly or monthly, by placing them close to a wifi transmitter. This performance is a long ways from WeTag's claim that "in everyday environment . . it will never die". This project is receiving "so much backlash" because the WeTag people have not been providing straight-forward, honest evidence to answer questions or to support their claims. How do I completely back out? I don't even want WeRag to have my $1. I have been reading all the comments for a while now, hoping that WeTag will provide the answers to the totally reasonable questions everyone is asking. So far the only thing they have posted is a "technical report" that frankly reads like it was done by a high school freshman for a science fair project. I really want to believe that this tag will work as claimed but at this point the only thing that would convince me is an INDEPENDENT test and review. That cannot be very difficult to arrange. There an infinite number of tech websites that review hardware, Gizmodo, Engadget, Anandtech, newspapers. Hell, I would even believe a review from the local Plano newspaper. WeTag however, has chosen to try convincing the backers that it will work because they say it will and hide behind "patent pending tech". An independent reviewer is not going to copy their tech but would substantiate their claims. If they don't have a working prototype that could be independently tested at this point in time, when they are promising shipping in October then there is no way it will ship on time if ever. Twelve days left in the campaign but I'm going to give them no more than ten. If I don't see convincing evidence by then I'm out. @Jeffrey Price, @ Dr.Tune, @Len: I'm now on your side. I'm going to reduce my pledge in a few days and if this technology does actually exist then I guess I will have to pay more for the tags later when it's been proven because I'm skeptical. I did send the WeTag team some messages that they haven't responded to. I guess I'm just a gullible human that wants to believe. @jacob I think backers are still here because they don't understand all this tech talk. I am one of those people. I have no idea what that last update was talking about, so I think most backers are either relying on others to explain it or they just don't care and want to take the chance. Speaking of, could someone please explain to me the update and why this project is receiving so much backlash???? Yes I'm that sure it's a scam. Oh my god, you guys are all way to hot headed about this. "Alert the authorities" Really? Are you THAT certain this is a scam? I feel like so many of you are jumping the gun and feeling a false sense of comradery for the lone reason that the majority of people wasting their time on this comment section are also crying wolf. You're like a team of 10 people, guess what nobody cares. All of the backers are alerted by email with each of the update, and still all of the backers are supporting this, so it's not as though their uninformed, they're just not losing their head about this. And it's not as if any of you will care that I had to say this cause your all to busy "reporting this to kickstarter" and "filing lawsuits." So keep ****. The funding will keep going up, because nobody else cares. But go on, waste your own time. @DrTune @Jeffrey Price I am with y'all 100%. This project will be unable to deliver a product that achieves its claims. In addition, a number of KS guidelines have been violated. I reported "this is not a project" to KS two weeks ago. As far as I know, nothing has happened but let's keep trying. I will also contact ch00f to update his excellent article on Drop-Kicker.com with the self-incriminating data in Update 12. As much as I would like to see a good class action lawsuit, it would be better just to have this project suspended. PS - I am sure it is not relevant, but did you know that the WeTag president's most recent job experience is selling herbal remedies (as confirmed by WeTag). I'm tempted to say my piece (as I certainly did) and STFU but I'll butt in again: a) If you're going to make a profitable scam you look for a concept that's already shown to be popular. There's lots of popular BTLE location tags on KS. Some of them don't work so well but I don't blame them for that. If they produce something that even approximates what they claim, then fair enough. It's kickstarter, cavet emptor. However, if you _were_ looking for a proven-popular item to piggyback off of... what would you choose? b) Handy to have some unique/attractive/as-yet-never-equalled "secret sauce" that prevents you ever showing even pictures of a PCB. Ever. Or video. Or.. er.. anything. When Wetag were recording the latest numbers they posted recently.. did they forget to shoot any video or pictures at the time? Of course they did. Nothing. Nowt. Nada. You still believing? Really? Wouldn't you have taken some pics of you+workmates dancing around with joy next to your prototypes? I sure would. Even if the prototypes in the pics were so small/lo-res that my Evil Competitors Who Steal Ideas couldn't possibly make anything out... EVERY other kickstarter that has a shred of credibility has posted all sorts of vids/pics/blurb beyond just talk. Lots of guys in T-shirts dancing around and wires and prototypes and etc etc. It feels real. Does this? c) They asked for $25k. That's an absurdly small amount of money to make a product (don't forget minus KS/Amzn fees etc). You can't do shit for that. Sure, it's great if you post a low goal intending to blow past it because it looks good (see many other projects) but.. $25k? It doesn't cover _anything_. And for that you're gonna make a BTLE tag with entirely novel/awesome energy-harvesting technology (that largely defies math and science) and make it TINY? Tiny ain't cheap either! Bigger is cheaper. Economies of scale also are a very powerful thing; 100 of something costs a BOMB. 10,000 is better. 100k is getting cheap. There's SO many NRE costs. Setting up a production line (and testing) and getting tooling done and (etc etc) costs a mountain of cash. $25k will get you as far as flying to China and buying some dinners for some folks. d) Wanting to believe: Sure. I'd like to believe it's true. I'm not in any kind of competition with these folks; I certainly wouldn't even try to do what they're doing because.. they're doing it all wrong. I sure as hell would have a working prototype (incl any amount of pictures and video and third party evaluations) before even coming to KS with a project like this. e) Folks commenting on this thread (long ago) about this claim being the Holy Grail Of Tags, i.e. a real, workable, practical energy-harvesting tag is a billion-dollar business - they aren't wrong. You think Texas Instruments etc aren't at least a bit interested in achieving this? Hell yes they are. They have to actually produce something though. The "lone genius with no funding" unfortunately doesn't actually nowadays achieve this kind of breakthrough. It's just a romantic notion... which is just the sort of thing to appeal to KS backers if you're not intending to prove or deliver anything and run with the money. f) This is NOT RFID/NFC. Completely different technology. Those work because they have a big-ass antenna radiating lots of power of a carefully chosen frequency less than 2" away from the device. Inverse-square law. It's exceedingly hard to read an RFID tag from even 24" away, with specially designed everything, plenty of transmit power, and you're only asking the tag to wake up for a few milliseconds and say "hi". Scott: If you want to believe, believe. But please don't use the fact that just because A LOT of people have done something that is proof of anything other than the fact "those people have done something." History is replete with A LOT of people doing something that they later come to regret and realize that the evidence supporting their belief was missing at the time. You are at least struggling with your belief and engaging. There are some very reasonable and straightforward requests that are being ignored by the WETAG flack. You would think one of the science team people would respond. Isn't that what you would do if your life's work was on the line? @Scott. I apologize. I didn't mean it that way. OK. I might not know what i'm talking about. Just thinking out loud gets me in trouble sometimes. I really want to believe in this technology. At the rate they're going with Pledges they will probably reach over $500,000 before it ends. That tells me A LOT of people have confidence in them. What do you think people thought of Ben Franklin when he discovered electricity? The following info below was taken from <url>“backscatter”. The operation is then concluded by the reader that receives and decodes the response. Passive RFID tags are likely the most widespread RFID tags in the market because of their low prices that make them suitable for a wide range of applications. Moreover, passive tags can withstand challenging environmental conditions that can restrict the use of RFID tags featuring integrated batteries. Usually, passive RFID tags provide shorter read ranges than active RFID tags and Battery-Assisted Passive RFID tags. Most passive UHF RFID tags feature linearly polarized antennas that provide high directionality and therefore high orientation sensitivity with reduced read range when the relative orientation of the tag and reader antennas become less favorable. For this reason, most passive UHF RFID tags are not suggested when their orientation cannot be controlled during reading operations. However, some models of passive RFID tags feature antennas specifically designed to provide very low orientation sensitivity. As passive RFID tags communicate with a reader only when they enter its action field, they are rarely used for RTLS applications. @Scott B. RFID tags and NFC tags generally use external power sources to operate in short bursts (e.g. your cellphone, RFID exciters, etc.). They need to be near or directly in contact with the power source (similar to proximity cards you might use to enter your office building) in order to perform small discrete functions (i.e. they don't operate for days at a time) ... the claims being made by WeTag are that their tags are "perpetually" battery free, "no direct charging required because we suck energy from the ether, can operate for 8 days straight performing battery draining functions)... and yet not a single photo ... lack of any "scientific" method ... and just pouty spoilt brat answers to legitimate questions. I've been looking for a locator tag for quite some time. I backed Tile, and eventually pulled out because their tag didn't have a swappable/user chargeable battery. I hoped this project would be different... I still hope it is because the technology if proven is revolutionary ... and for the life of me - I keep losing my damn wallet/keys/phone :) @ Scott B. you mean NFC tags. NFC tags stand for Near Field Communication. it has nothing to do with location tags. you have no idea what you are talking about buddy. @Jeffrey Price: Are you aware that RFID tags that I can program from my cell phone don't have batteries in them and they are able to communicate with my phone? Sounds like a something similar to RFID tags. @wetag i've had to reduce my pledge down to 1$, the lack of visual evidence and poor communication continues to raise flags. as i said when this project first started, i needed some bona fide evidence to really commit to this. and over the last month you have yet to really provide that. good luck. @Phil- I'm sort of in the same boat as you (i want to believe that this isn't a scam) but I believe this issue at hand is that wetag has become extremely defensive over a lot of legitimate questions (albeit, they've been getting relentlessly hammered for almost the whole project by people asking the same questions over and over again). If the pledge was at $30k right now, I don't think many people would be asking for a whole lot but this project has some serious traction and a lot of backers, it has to be expected that questions will be asked and as a company, it is their duty to provide backers clear and concise answers. Things are starting to snowball from here quickly and there are a lot of unanswered questions. Maybe there really are some competitors trying to sabotage or at least derail the success that wetag has had but the fact still remains that more and more legitimate technical questions are falling on deaf ears. Maybe they got ahead of themselves. The original goal was only $25k, so maybe they weren't expecting this much of a response. If they are indeed a legitimate company that aren't trying to scam (which again, I'm *hoping* they aren't), they need to step up, come up with a clear and concise plan of action, remain professional, and provide sufficient proof that their technology is viable. Scott, Phil. I don't support any other locating tag project. I don't work for or represent any other company that could be considered a competitor of WeTag. What proof do I have this is a scam? The fact that these guys cannot produce even the FCC I'd number for routers that are required by law to be on the stinking routers. The fact that they cannot cite to one single peer reviewed publication that supports this product iteration. The fact that no published articles in any journal has any of them as a first, second or fifth author. Everything they have posted is self serving and has no quantifiable or verifiable backing. No video of an EE lab, no pictures of equipment, nothing at all. What do you have to show it will work other than hope? This is not religion, it is science and extraordinary claims require something more in the way of proof than hope. They are not selling this as a research project, but as a production item with real world abilities to do specific things and there is no proof and they refuse to provide any. The "EM harvesting" technology has been around (although undoubtably in a much cruder form) since the late 1940's. See <url>"industrial sabotage" - we just don't know and have to trust someone. @creator - keep up the good work. Let's get this thing off the ground! I have a few questions for all of the people who are saying this is a scam. What proof do you have that says that this technology won't work? What information do you have that it's a scam other than you believe in or support one of the many other Locating Tags that have been on Kickstarter and Indiegogo? Kickstarter and the boys in Plano Texas, get ready for the SDNY. I cannot agree more with Dr. Tune. This project is a scam. I have reported it and KICKSTARTER only let's you report on it once using the radio buttons. We'll see how an old fashioned letter from a law office works. My advice is run from this as fast as possible. If kickstarter will not police this disaster then all hope is lost. I will not pull my $1 because I want to remain as a witness to the demise of Kickstarter. Any reasonable person at this point would question this project. If Kickstarter does nothing, after receiving warnings and complaints, their licensing agreement and waivers will not save them from a class action suit. $500,000 is a nice target for mass tort lawyers and punitive damages will triple that. The backers will end up with maybe $20 each, but the lawyers will get tow million in fees. I love this project now. @All - Y'know what, we need to do something about this crap. It's NOT enough that the small minority of backers who follow this thread pull their money. How many people pledged money and won't be reading this - at least until it's too late, the money's in their account and the excuses start flowing. NO WAY! ENOUGH. You, fellow backer, are here because you believe in helping to launch new ideas, from sincere entrepreneurs who want to try to do something meaningful. They deserve our help. This so-called project is another example of scammers increasingly feeding on KS; there can be little doubt about that. Re-read the posts below and see if you don't agree. PULLING YOUR OWN MONEY IS NOT ENOUGH. 1) REPORT THIS PROJECT TO KS. I suggest "it's not a project" option. It's a scam. Whether KS will act is *entirely* another question; they get paid anyway. They're likely to give the benefit of the doubt. It's in their interest. So... 2) REPORT THIS TO NEWS OUTLETS. It's a half-million dollar scam, and KS are doing nothing so far. Half a million bucks being stolen, and if you don't kick up a fuss you're complicit. However, one has to think that it'll only take a few negative news articles on major tech sites before KS decides to act. 3) HELP YOUR FELLOW BACKER - don't just cover your own ass, do something to stop this whole KS thing going to hell in a handbasket. Refunds for everyone. Only KS can do that. 4) HELP KICKSTARTER - how many more scammers will flock here when they see easy pickings? Something has to stop the rot. If you wish to help, REPORT TO KS and REPORT TO NEWS OUTLETS. If you still believe in Wetag and you think they still deserve the benefit of the doubt, simply do nothing and I suggest you are kissing your money goodbye; worse, you're giving it to con-men and encouraging more of the same. Who am I? I'm an engineer who is working on a real Bluetooth device (completely unrelated; not BTLE, not a finder tag, and NOT crowd-funded, that's all that's relevant) hence I know a fair bit about this technology and I tell you, this thing stinks worse than a barrel full of year-old fish. There is no longer any doubt whatsoever in my mind that this is at best a fantasy but much more likely deliberate scam. Do you believe they can't even show us a picture of a PCB or answer the most basic questions yet it's real? It's not. They're not even trying hard. Please, everyone, do your bit get this project cancelled, help the thousands of people who've put money in retain their positivity about crowd funding, and help KS stamp out KS fraud. Spread the word; half a million bucks is being stolen right here. @Wetag - a fatuous one line answer will do just fine, as before. It's too late for more empty promises, faked videos, made up numbers, contradictory answers and general bullshit. Run. Simple question my iPhones wifi chip is fried can I still use Ifind ? Does the Ifind last longer than a year. Thanks a bunch. @Creator I agree with Asterix and others who are pleading for some urgent transparency, and information. These are not personal attacks. I wish I had the 100% confidence to ask the probing questions that will allow me to ascertain whether this project is worth my support. I know about your wish to to be protective of the tech, but now it seems like hiding behind it instead. Please - A) Give a deadline for posting uncut video B) Answer the legitimate questions being asked C) Be more discerning and understanding about your reactions to certain comments / don't encourage D) Find a way to be more transparent by offering up information to fill some of the wholes and doubts of backers Please turn this around - or I can see myself bailing as well. After almost 30 projects this could be a first for me............ @Roma I like your probabilities. Here are two more for you: - what is the probability that KS will suspend this project before June 30? - what is the probability of a class action lawsuit within the next year? Hi, We have sent multiple emails without a response. Have you received them? *disclaimer: the opinions stated below are mine and have not been coerced out of me by any other backer of this project. I've only backed one other project on kickstarter and was not nearly as involved in the discussion for what it's worth... As someone who has been very optimistic about this project and found the early commenters who were saying this wasn't feasible to accomplish and demanding more proof to be irritating trolls, I can't help but seriously second guess everything right now. While I still believe that you guys are working on some pretty cool technology, you (or whoever is doing your PR ) are really doing yourselves a disservice. You act as though everyone who asks questions has an alterior motive and despite others asking for more info as well you brush them off. It's become a complete circus right now. Not everyone is out to get you, some are simply in search of answers. Maybe the tech is there, maybe it's not. But if you want any chance of success you seriously need to reconsider your ongoing dialogue with the community and refrain from personally engaging almost anyone who asks you a question. I would look at it like this- is the question reasonable? If it is, regardless of the personal issues you have with a member for whatever reason, please address the question. If the question is not reasonable, please explain in a logical manner why you should not have to answer so that others won't keep asking the same questions. Try and stay positive and provide info that can be considered useful and not opinion based. Yesterday was a step in the right direction and it sounds like you've agreed to further clarify some info by providing a floor plan of the test and also a video when you get the next batch of parts but if you continue down the road you started taking today, it's not going to end well at all. So in the interest of being an optimist and trying to find signs that point to this being a project run by real people and based on real tech, here are some links that point to the feasibility of such a thing. First, thin batteries (though they insist they don't use batteries): <url>~wotaoyin/ <url>"You already reported an issue for this project." "Could not agree more. But ID numbers? Maybe some SSN's as well?" LOL! This project is just scam. Comparing FCC IDs with SSN ... hilarious ... reported again. @WeTag: I have looked at the way you behave and asked "Do I trust this company to run a good project, and provide good customer service afterwards?" "Will they still exist in five years time?" Sadly I think the answers are No and No. I think energy harvesting will work, but not in your hands. I am cancelling my pledge. @Creator Since routers are usually idling, if the wifi routers were idling would it be transmitting at 300mw (or 500mw for the other router)? You replied to Len. Also, the response was not specific to the question I asked. @Creator "For the 300mw and 500mw, are those power levels when the wifi router is actively transmitting (like transferring large files) or is that power level measured at all time (even when the router is idle)?" "@Jim - They are averaged over 1 second." Since routers are usually idling, if the wifi routers was idling would it be transmitting at 300mw or 500mw? Here we go again. Whatever may be the agenda of some of the guys here. @Wetag why aren't you forthcoming with simple details which seem easy to show and is not related to your IP. You do realize by slithering around you increase the suspicion. It's a loop I assume you'd take the 10 seconds to read+reply with the FCC ids of your test equipment because it adds (a lot) of veracity to your claims. This is the comments section where people get to ask you stuff about your product to determine if it's a good fit for their needs. I posted links with my comments because they're unbiased evidence from third parties which anyone can use to verify what I say. It's how science works. FCC ID's please. @James Talbot If you look at Sam's profile you'll see he joined Kickstarter in June, has backed exactly one project - this one and has made 98 comments since 1 June. Clearly he has an agenda and is trying to conceal his real identity. I'm guessing that he has had some contact with the Creator in the past and in the course of almost 100 comments he has said something which gives him away. @DrTune - Excellent work! This is exactly the reason why I asked for the makes and models of the test routers that were used (STILL WAITING FOR A SPECIFIC AND DETAILED ANSWER) - Once we know the makes and models, we would be able to find out what the stock configuration mW output is set to by Verizon and whether WeTag configured the units to output higher power. I am very surprised to see WeTag claiming they MEASURED 300mW and 500mW as those boxes typically would not ship with outputs configured to maximums due to the introduction of noise, packet loss, heat and the fact that the performance gain from increasing output power is typically not very high.... so WeTag... did you adjust the stock output power of your Verizon FIOS boxes? If not, how did you measure 300mW and 500mW output?? @Creator. What's the issue you have with Sam Johnson. You state you believe he is really someone else. Who do you think he is and why do you think he's causing you issues? You're welcome. So- Actiontec WI424WR Rev I or not? If not.. what? Can we have the FCC ID of your routers please - by law it'll be written on the case. Thanks @Creator For the 300mw and 500mw, are those power levels when the wifi router is actively transmitting (like transferring large files) or is that power level measured at all time (even when the router is idle)? Had to throw in $1 just cos this is so much fun. :-) Ok so let's track down the "Verizon FIOS boxes" mentioned. It appears that VZW sell an 802.11n router which according to many sources is a rebadged Actiontec MI424WR - in fact VZW pages mention "FiOS Router GigE (MI424WR)". Mkay so Actiontec conveniently provide a pic <url>"LNQMI424WRI" with a handy link to our friends at the FCC. Ok so this is what we're actually after; the FCC emissions testing results :-) Click "detail" then "Test Report" (FCC won't allow deep links) and you get a sweet doc by the lovely Jack Lui who is an independent RF test engineer in Sunnyvale, CA, approved to do the many RF measurements required for FCC approval. So Jack tested the living shit out of this router using an Agilent spectrum analyzer in controlled conditions and prepared a marvelously detailed report on the RF emissions. We can cut to the chase and just look at the "RF Exposure Information" report which is a single page listing "MPE results" which has output power: 185.78mw (a.k.a. 22.69dBm).. so not 300mw and definitely not 500mw. Conveniently he mentions the predicted PDL at 20cm is 0.06mw/cm2 ; let's say the iFind has a 4cm2 antenna, under absolutely ideal conditions you might get 240microwatts from a mere 20cm away (obviously dropping off enormously as you move away) - assuming the router is continuously blasting a carrier at full power (which is very far from reality), etc etc as discussed in other posts/drop-kicker, etc. So @creator ; is at least one of the routers an MI424WR Revision I? If not, what? Be exact and specific please. Just tell us what you see on the labels (or provide a pic) Secondly: you state below that you measured the output power of your routers (at 300mw and 500mw)... What setup did you use? @WeTag I'd like to see exactly what emc2cube is asking for. I have no problem with a possible delay (as long as its reasonable and announced before the ending of the kickstarter campaign) just be transparent with us backers. Hello what's the life span of a Ifind tag? @WeTag Thanks for publishing this data. I will not comment on it, I think it has already been done more than necessary. Any updates on backers exclusive rewards rewards? Exclusive kickstarter greenish (green shiny metal?) color, glow in the dark or transparent housing? Can we have a picture (not an illustration) of the metallic housing material? Not necessary in its iFind shape, even a picture of the raw plastic sheets would do. In regard to your published timeline, any updates on housing / flex circuit or packaging production? Any difficulties or delays that might impact final delivery time so far? Any pictures or videos of the assembly production process that you can include somewhere before the video update? Thanks! Oh, by measurement. Thank you :) I am satisfied. Oh, so you don't know the model number. It is fine. Then how do you know that it's 300mW and 500mW? Are these numbers correct? Now that you are in the office. May I know the model number of both? @WeTag,can you confirm your latest update that you presented will be your last with no video as request please as it seems you are ignoring questions that are been asked. Which person? Thank you. You finally picked one. @Creator, can you please define what the transmitter is? Specifically what brand/model. @Wes, Specifics are really important and fortunately KS lets us ask questions. For example if you ask a house contractor for a screwdriver and they'll ask which type of screwdriver. Flathead, philips, etc. Same situation here. We need more specifics to see if their testing environment and the equipment used is something that is truly 'typical' of a house/office or city. @WeTag Please answer my questions directly. I am very sorry that I have to ask so many times. Fill in the blanks: Transmitter A in Table 2 is a 300mW wifi router from _______ company. the model number is _____; Transmitter B in Table 2 is a 500mW wifi router from _______ company. the model number is _____ Thank you. @Wes No offense. My apologies. I couldn't care less about how the technology works. As a backer i just want to know that the product i am backing will work as advertised. I havn't seen much of it. Can we please get a video sowing that the tags exist and work? @Wes On June 3, you commented: "@Creator When I bike to and from school, I sometimes call my girlfriend and sometimes my parents. Siri isn't getting my parents' name right most time. Is there a way to start handsfree calls to a designated contact entry with your remote? Thanks." Today, you commented: "My wife is applying for an FDA job. I will let her read it." Congrats on your marriage! @Jim Thank you for the clarification. Frankly, I didn't carefully read all the comments so I missed the points. And I am glad that you push WeTag to clarify it further. Look forward to those area maps. @Wes The reason some of us are asking about the transmitter and router is because they have very specific meanings which are not exactly the same and tech documents are very specific. For example, a WiFi transmitter could be a WiFi 'power' transmitter.. which is not something that most people have in their typical life. Another member suggested that they were using a 915mhz power transmitter in their controlled tests. @Dennis Sharing information here and sharing it privately with their investors are different things. I bet they'd share everything if I allure them with $50M. LOL. But, I agree with you that they could harvest tripled amounts here. WeTag, As an entrepreneur myself I do not understand the information shared and the timing of it. You should share all the info requested as I have not seen one request from your backers that is unreasonable. It makes business sense to share this information. You can see there is huge interest in this products but you are killing it with your communication. I believe if acted differently this campaign would have done at least triple the amount you are at now. It does not make sense what you are doing. Regards, Dennis @Creator Then, I'd say that the results are great. Fantastic, actually. I had thought the rope function will let the tag run out of battery in 10 to 30 minutes. I reached this conclusion by tracking my stick-n-found tag and watching its battery percentage, from their App. It will die in hours with the tracking on. It seems that iFind will keep it on for much longer. I guess it'll be the phone's battery I need to worry about, not the tags'. LOL @Mitchel I would love to see a video with the face of Paul McAuthur and the circuit of the tag. But, could a video really tell more than the percentage numbers in the tech update that are for the 8 day period? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Creator Thanks for the tech update. It comes with more information than I expected. My wife is applying for an FDA job. I will let her read it. Before I throw out my questions. I wonder whether you could next time make it easier to read, please? Watermarking a tech update is ok but please make the fonts big enough. Alright, unlike those guys focusing on what A and B are (aren't they obvious?) and what the differences between a router and a transmitter are, I try to get more sense out of it. All tags were tested with the rope mode. Is it the most power demanding mode? Just a side note on the last comment. If you make the video, make it so that even babies can understand it. Something simple. Thanks. Can you please upload a video on how the energy is made and charges the product? It would be very useful and beneficial to us and you. Based on reading the report, there needs to be clarification on the 'transmitter' (A,B) and 'router'. I believe they are NOT the same items. In reading the report, the 'transmitter' and 'router' terms are used in very specific instances and they are not just mixed up accidentally. In the sections on office and home environments, the term 'transmitter' is present and the results are similar with good charging or at least slow drain. In the 'Outdoor Situation' test, the tag was ONLY left out for 3 HOURS, which is hardly any significant test since most people will be outdoors for longer than that. Also, in the 'Charging from only Wifi' section, there is clearly a 'router', but NO 'transmitter' and those wifi only results are not provided in the same report. Disappointing. The video has been asked for so many times. I asked for it a few days after this campaign went live. I doubt it will be ever posted. Backing this project is a risk and everybody should keep their expectations low. @Warren I think that most people are reducing their pledges right down instead of going out completely as the backer number is still increasing slowly. Notice how the pledge amounts aren't increasing as fast as they had previously. I think its right to exercise caution and that most people here are asking the right questions, no matter how difficult it is for the WeTag team to digest. I have a hard time trusting the responses from @creator which are incredibly cagey, curt and defensive. In contrast, the PebbleBee team have been amazing, showing video demos and answering everyone's questions very openly. WeTag team need to take note in the people helping to make this a reality and really answer questions honestly with a straight forward response. They built a Faraday cage to hold the control tag. The logical inference is there is more than one working model. That’s new. They have built at least one control and one test model. However, the implication from Table 2 is there are at least 10 working models unless they are moving and resetting a single unit numerous times. If there were only two (a control and a test unit), that were constantly on the move, the results would be specious. This is implied because how else could you perform the 8 day static tests? Should be an easy thing to post a picture of the units and the bench test equipment without giving away any secrets at all. Also implied is that each unit has leads attached to perform to measurements or each can be measured wirelessly without the measuring device providing vampire EM to the unit. Give this sentence some thought. At such minor measures, is it possible they are measuring leakage from the meter, a digital watch, or that cell phone in their pocket? Apparently they have a broken microwave oven. What the microwave brings to the party is unknown. The scientific write up says their microwave “leaked radiation” when turned off; really? “Leaked radiation” is as unscientific a term as I can think of. The sun “leaks radiation” everyday. With numbers so small, perhaps their measuring device is radiating its own field or they measured the clock in the microwave's door. But we do not know because we have no actual “experiment” taking place. No hint of Means and Methods, the equipment used or the statistical work to demonstrate any level of confidence in the measurements. The report says the tags “operate very well outside a controlled laboratory environment.” That means there is a “controlled laboratory environment.” Can’t give away any secrets showing a picture of your lab bench and the equipment used for this test. +1 for video @Wetag. There are so many here who are asking for a video and please fulfill that request. @Roger, never get more than 1 or 2. Lesson learnt from Chipolo. None of these finders work as advertised. But when one works then you can get more. If people are backing out how come the amount is not going down then? if it stays as it then KS will think its done its goal,mmmm im confused lol Yes going to bail out too on this one, to much magic involved in the power system to convince me it will work properly or as expected. Goodbye!! 13 days to go. I really want this to work. I hope that the project is a true project. If the product is to work I won't actually mind waiting probably up to a year beyond the forecast October 2014 delivery date. Because I like the idea. What I don't like is: 1. Defensively aggressive posts from the creator. No need. Be embracing. 2. Misleading information pertaining to data or how data is being collected. 3. How I can charge the device, how often, where it needs to be placed. Like others, I was originally in for 10 of these but have cut to 1. . But the aggressiveness and lack of information regarding charging ( I would like to use these for my cases etc, but I don't want to dump my cases within 10ft of my router. Not that my missus would let me!). My concern is two fold. 1. If it's a genuine product/project - just post openly without providing information that could be sensitive. Remember though, a patent is a public document viewable by everyone so if you have applied for one why can't we see it? 2. If you're not 1. Then you are scammers who are slowly being found out and because of that you are becoming aggressive in the nature of your posts. I hope it is 1. I really do. Well I've decided to let the rest of you be the guinea pigs and if it actually works I don't mind paying the additional cost after kickstarter. Best of luck to all remaining backers. Yes a non edited video of the prototype you use to reveal your findings I think is the only logical solution to this outcome. Clock is ticking. cut down to $1 sorry to do that, but I'll wait for more transparent update @Tan. Noted.Have a nice day. Wow...just lucked out looking here. I'm in for 25 but now it looks like I've got nearly 2 weeks to decide if it is worth sticking it out. We'll see if this is knee jerk reaction or well deserved reckoning. Thankful this is coming to light before the funding starts. Hmmm glad I checked here....lots of folks pulling out it seems. Just like I worried about over in the Backers Only Comment section at Updates. I will wait a few days to see your new response attitude and then adjust my $ level . Thanks for a good effort . Seriously do you think that Amin's comment below is 'off' or unreasonable? ...because if you do then doesn't that just kinda prove the point? I think it does. See you in 10 days. ( this is not a threat....it is a request) @WETAG Sorry, but your lack of transparency has caused me to halve my original pledge to support your efforts - Don't forget who is funding your ability to move this idea forward - your responses to your backers are terse, confusing, and standoffish - is this what to expect in terms of customer service in the future when people might experience issues with their tags? Success in business requires MORE than a great idea... I'll be, pulling my pledge completely unless I see an unedited video/independant confirmation of a working prototype within 12 days. Good luck with it all, I'm out too. @Roger: I agree. WeTag should be less secretive about the test setup, i.e. just mention routerbrands/models and include some pictures or a video showing the testing. @WeTag: thank you for the update and for the test effort. Like Roger, I do believe your data to be true. Although still a bit doubtful I'm inclined to keep my pledge as is, even though your initial claim of continuous lifetime obviously will not be met in most typical environments. Based on the second test results I believe that your device will use sufficiently low amounts of energy to be of practical use in my situation. Next to access points on each floor, my phone, tablet and laptop also broadcast using wifi. To occasionally find my cat I don't need the rope function, so I expect it to last quite a bit longer. My keys should most often be near my phone, which is almost always online via Wifi and transmits additionally via typical GSM bands. So I trust the tags to be harvesting every now and then and I don't mind charging them near a router occasionally. However, to clear any remaining doubts I would appreciate seeing some (uncut) videos of actual testing using your latest prototypes, demonstrating its main features. Assuming you don't have such a video yet, I would suggest you to tape it in presence of one or more objective bystanders, such as a technical journalist and/or a critical backer who then can give their own report on that test/demonstration. With less than 13 day left, I suggest you to post such a video within a week. (Thanks in advance) One of the fears I still have with this project is that your current prototype is insufficiently production ready and that difficulties will lead to absent communication after funding and to delays leading to chaotic delivery, lacking support or even to backers not receiving their units. Perhaps you can somehow address these fears? @WeTag: A: Thanks for providing the review. The inclusion of baseline devices was good science. In general I trust the numbers, as fiddled ones would look much better. B: Please clarify the confusion between the two routers, and transmitters A & B - were they the same things, or are A and B a pair of cellphones or other RF emitters? C: The microwave oven digression should have been an amusing footnote, not the lead-in story. My conclusion is that the tags will be useful as long as they get force fed once a week, as anicipated by several backers, me included). iFind is still good, but forget hanging one permanently on the dog. My action: I have dropped from ten tag pledge down to two. My car keys and wallet normally sit overnight very close to my router, and are very near my cellphone daily.The technology is worth investing in. My advice: Don't be so slippery with your answers. People won't trust you. @WeTag Thank you for posting the data in Update 12. However, your rosy conclusions are not consistent with the data shown in Table 2 "which is considered a real life situation".. A simple analysis of the data in Table 2 indicates that 4 of the test tags will need to be "recharged" about once a month. These tags include "three meters from A" as well as the 3 outlying tags. Tags that are closer than about 3 meters from router A or 4.5 meters from router B need to be recharged less frequently or not at all. The conclusion that recharging would be required about once a month was anticipated by a number of backers several weeks ago. I don't know if your misleading statements have been intentional or unintentional. Either way, it is very disturbing. From a technical perspective, these results are good and some of your backers might be satisfied. But this data certainly does not support your bold claim that "In everyday environment. . . it will never die." @Warren Coakley: it is not a good idea to post other projects - not only this time, I have noticed this action many times with other projects on KS which you backed or are backing. Thanks for sharing but should control yourself. @Warren, All Not sure how these latest test results could have *any* credibility outside of WeTag, since they weren't performed by a reputable, disinterested third party, as so many had requested. The basic concept still widely violates Conservation of Energy... not by a small amount, but by over a factor of a thousand... even assuming a perfectly efficient circuit. Mmmmm unless there is more proof by the last hour of this campagin I'm out I reckon. The statement is very vague and to non techy people on here it could be the instructions for a sandwich toaster for all they know. Not 100% convinced. Not convinced after posting 2 technical report. By now, it should have a working prototype to satisfy most of the backer. I wonder why they so reluctant to post the prototype video? I This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Creator + 1 for a an unedited video. If any of these tests were recorded in a continuous manner, or other test video, it would assist in jumping from theory to practice in my mind. thanks! Most of us are more than 3 meter away from the home router. So how would that impact iFind? @Creator - Please define what is referenced as 'A' and 'B' in the report. It refers to 'A' and 'B' as transmitters. BUT the routers are clearly already referred to as 'routers'. This is very vague and seems to let the reader assume 'A' and 'B' are possibly the routers, though the report clearly labels 'A' and 'B' as transmitters. Besides telling me to re-read the report, please tell us what 'A' and 'B' are. What brand and model of 'transmitter' is it? Hold on hold on hold on. These are written facts (supposingly right?) Why isn't there a video like promised to back this up to see it working with the prototype? Like I think it's the least they can do. These doesn't really settle the doubt at all. @WeTag: At first impression, I am doubtful still. European Wifi routers are normally 20dBm (100mW) so I can only expect less charging than from your 300 / 500mW ones. You show clearly that being >3m away from a router gives similar harvesting to the park, and not much better than a Faraday cage. A steady depletion using the least hungry Rope. (Yes I know it uses less in slumber). So non wifi energy actually brings very little charging. The uncontrolled environment data showing charging of 18% in two hours is totally worthless. Unqualified data has no place in a technical report. Showing it in the student flat at 3m from the router would have given useful information. You did not show anything about recovery from an Alarm (3mA) which depletes much more in it's 5 seconds than 0.009mA rope. (= 25 minutes of Rope I think) If I summarise what I understood:- The iFind tag has enough capacity to work as described over a quite a few days, even in a meagre RF environment, but needs a richer RF environment to top up the losses. This means within 3 metres of a wifi router. Is that right? To be fair I will read your report again to make sure my understanding is correct. @WeTag Just wondering if the tags that were tested are the 1.25"x1.06"x0.09" sized tags? Or just the circuits being tested? Sorry if its been answered somewhere else, there is way too much noise in these comments to read thru. @WeTag have you considered doing a Reddit Ask Me Anything? It could quickly quiet distractors if you have your tech people answer questions in once shot. Wouldn't want to see a mass exodus before close of the project because there are unanswered questions. Many kickstarter projects have done an AMA. Are they industrial routers like Cisco switches are home ones? @Creators, no need to give proper answer to abusive and offensive trolls. @Justin A Mitchell Thanks in advance! I can't wait to see your native app! Got an email from them, " Phase I was fully functional." - good to hear but im still kinda skeptical. @wetag Can we please get more photos of the actual units? Also id like a simple video so i can judge the loudness of the alarm because the promotional is well promotional. Step one complete. They posted their results. Now for step two. Review of same. Hope you guys comments on update - I am lack of technology! @asterix: got notification of update from email also. New update posted. No emails? Jacob, I respect the opinion of someone who has the intestinal fortitude to post using their own name rather than a French cartoon character. I could just walk away but after many, many projects I am a bit tired of watching people get fleeced. The point is, the Creators have admitted flaws exist and have promised they have performed testing to substantiate the science behind their project. They have promised, repeatedly, to post those results yesterday on this site, and then today. What do you call someone who promises to do something and then fails to follow through? When someone asks you to give them money, you should make them at least live up to their words, shouldn't you? Am I a bad person for insisting WeTag simply do what they promised to do? If this was an art project rather than a science/technology project I wouldn't care if they used peoples "feelings" to make their money. Kickstarter says the Creators must be honest. Well they promised that have done real world testing. They promised they would post the results. BTW, meat sack is from the Fifth Element, funny line. I liked the movie. Did you? @Jacob, don't feed the trolls. @Wetag, These are the questions that I want Dr. Paul Mcarthur answer in a video chat. 1. How long have you been working on this project. 2. How far away is this technology from getting mainstream. 3. Have you used any bluetooth finders on you. 4. How far away are you from perfecting this technology 5. Why did you come to KS instead of VCs or do you also have VC funding. Jeffery you are a disgusting human being. What gives you any right to call these people lying sacks of meat. You are not committed in any way to this kickstarter and you in no way will lose ANYTHING if they are late on delivering their promise. While we currently don't know if this will work, we also don't know if doesn't work. Nothing that these people has done is in anyway deserving you you berating them and calling them lying meat sacks. If you hate this project so much then you don't need to back it. If you truly are the kickstarter veteran that you say you are backing some "150" projects, then you should know that you can leave a project whenever you want. But instead you have just wasted your time complaining about something that you cannot be 100% certain of. Despite the fact that your picture makes you look like a wizened old man, you instead seem like a foolish and immature one. Stop making it you hobby to waste the creators lives with you belittling comments. If you think this is such a scam then just jump ship, nobody is stoping you. @Warrent Just stay calm and wait. Staycautious but i think "a scam" is too harsh. They have their 13 days to show us what they have to offer (and today to reveal something as promised) otherwise simply retract your bid if your common sense dictates that they will not deliver to your satisfaction. Projects have been funded but failed in the past and the creators endured the consequences whether legal or financial ect. I'm going to wait it out and see if they make any progress within the next 12 days. If feel strongly that this is a scam,use the report to Kickstarter tab at the end of the story page. Just sayin' My, my, my. How time flies. It's now 9:40 PM EST (8:40 PBST - Plano BS Time). Still sand papering the data? Making it "readable for everyone"? Those numbers should be so smooth by now they'll slip past any review. Dear Kickstarter: Please tell me if you will forbid me from ever posting again if I break your rules about being respectful and considerate to the people at WeTag if they fail in every way to follow through in posting their promised technical update today or fail to follow your rules. If I were to call them lying sacks of meat, would that be a greater or lesser violation of your rules? They are not supposed to lie, and I am not supposed to be disrespectful. So, please let me know whether or not they will be suspended for not abiding by your rules, or if I will be banned for pointing out their lying ways, or both. It is a very difficult problem for me. I mean, can I lambast them for BS'ing everyone, including all of China, or should I hold my opinions and wait for you to police your own site? Granted they are putting at least $40,0000 in your pocket, but I doubt that would sway you in any way. I have only put a few grand in your pocket, backing less than 150 projects, but I trust you to be fair. After all, when I called people who give money to a project with no consideration to the science and facts sheep, you wrote me and said I was being disrespectful. So you obviously must be following this project closely. You would never want your clients to be scammed, would you? I guess you will shut this down if they do not post as they promised because that would be a violation, a blatant violation, of your minimal rules. Therefore I suppose I don't have to post that these lying meat sacks are, well, lying sacks of meat. You'll handle that for me because you have the best interests of the Backers at heart, right? So, WeTag Bloviator, Kickstarter is obviously watching you. ( it's 8:40 pm on the day you promised real world testing results, 7:40 Plano Texas time. You've has 2 weeks to group your poop. What say you flackboy? Got some numbers?). Yes its Tuesday 12.57am 6.45pm Plano Time. Anything yet? @Creators, it would benefit if he were to talk to all of us. 10 minutes max would do. Is that a difficult thing to do to get him to chat for a few minutes on camera. I've seen many KS projects where the @Creators talk at least by the end of the video even if it's produced by a PR company. Why, because it helps a lot and it's convincing. In your case I don't see any personal interaction. I am still here because of the bio of Dr. Paul McArthur and want to hear from him. Yes, we can take it offline but I am sure many want the same and hence an update would be very helpful. You don't have to reveal any IP. Also please send us a link of his university of Utah page so that we can read about his research. Or even an interview style by one of your team member asking him the popular questions. Why don't you get Dr. Paul Mcarthur talking about this project and addressing concerns and post as an update. Seeing his face and talking to us would allay some concerns. So will this be posted anytime today or before the 30th of June before everyone pulls their pledges? @WeTag, The ip changes when I am at work or at home. If you are curious about where I live, it is george bush turnpike and 75. But again, this is none of your business. @WeTag, That is not about your product. I see Jian as an insightful person with solid technical background from his comments. What I intended to talk to him is not about your product and none of your business. Thanks. @WeTag All discussions about your product will be in the Kickstarter comments. I will not discuss about it with you in my personal email. Thank you. @Jian H Can you send me a message at sam2johnson1 at gmail? I am interested in talking with you. Thank you! The 36kr.com is a popular Chinese hi-tech website focusing on startups. Its online funding platform 36kr+ has almost 2000 registered startup projects at various stages. WegTag's iFind is one of them. What bothers me is that in its Project Description there is no mentioning of working prototype. Instead, it seems that the success of KS campaign has been used as a selling point.... Here is the translated Project Description followed by the original text in Chinese. Please judge for yourself. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Project Description - The world's first "battery-free" Bluetooth smart device. The team not only sells the idea, but also has a series of patents on a unique "electromagnetic energy harvesting" industrialized system. So far many third parties have flocked for patent transfer. - This Kickstarter campaign is unusually hot. It exceeded $100,000 within one week. It is now going to exceed $150,000 with nearly three thousand backers. It is expected to exceed $700,000 or more at the end of campaign. It is the hottest Kickstarter project in the technology category this year. - The team has strong background. Half of the core team members are Chinese with close contacts inside China. Please see our Kickstarter page. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 项目介绍 - 世界上第一款“不用电池”的蓝牙智能硬件。团队不只是卖idea，更拥有独一无二的“电磁能量收集”工业化系统的一系列专利。目前接洽专利转让的第三方云集。 - Kickstarter火爆异常：一周内突破10万美元；目前即将突破15万美元，接近三千backer。预计整个campaign将突破70万美元甚至更多。是今年Kickstarter技术门类下最火爆的项目 - 团队背景强大，核心团队华人占半。和国内联系紧密。请参看我们的Kickstarter页面 Original Link: <url>"patents" - it makes sense to everyone You didn't do a good job in the last technical brief. I wish you good luck this time. +1 warren Any update please? Hey, I just helped out another project by completing their BackerKit survey. I was surprised how easy it was. You should check BK out! Im in here for $70 and i want to see that proof video. it has been almost 2 weeks since we asked for it Ok today is the day. D - Day if you will. Documented evidence needs to be completed. I see backers are now dropping off. I hope you come good. @Roger, Yes, that was my next question. but your solved the puzzle. SO nice of you. @Amit: Pleased to help! Note that the Amazon amount will still show the higher value, but Kickstarter will only charge your revised pledge. It seems to work correctly. Hey Roger & Russell, that worked out. Manually adjusting the value in Green box. Thanks a lot Friends. Did you change the pledge value? in green. Otherwise it thinks you are making a generous donation! Some projects use this to allow you to "overpledge" if you want two of something. @Amit - When you adjust your pledge amount down you need manually update the pledge amount. Hi Roger, I updated but my pledge is still showing $120 only. Is there anything wrong Thanks a lot Roger Sharp. @Amit: Just go into "Manage Your Pledge" and change it to whatever you want. You will only get charged the revised sum. A refund does not apply because you only get charged at the funding date. Hey @ WeTag TEam, I want to backout from $120 Pledge down to $18 Pledge. How soon can you return my rest of money. Well, I make it 1:26am in Plano, TX right now on the 16th June. The promised date has elapsed without further proof/technical brief to back up the validity of the iFind. So as mentioned, my pledge has dropped to a $1. I sincerely hope this still turns out to be legit and wish you the best of luck. Yeah, I really would like this idea to work, but the maths just doesn't work out. It's as simple as the surface area of the tag x amount of radiation travelling through your home. Not nearly enough. Your tag would have to be the size of a newspaper sheet lying almost on top of your router. Let me know when you use a battery. #GoodbyeForNow So iFind is similar to this: <url>"interference" tests. @James Talbot, please stop commenting here with any reference to your own Kickstarter project. @Asterix - if the technology works, it would be a great feature. I guess it's "If" that counts here, especially reading all the comments below about lack of proof etc.... @Justin A Mitchell - ours doesn't use piezo. The only way this will work is if the tags are iRradiated. This project can only end up in iRrigated cheeks (tears, that is). I'm even taking my $1 out to avoid the iRresistible temptation to say iToldYouSo. Looking forward to the big update. @James Look into using a Piezo device since running and walking are on your list of activities... @James, I find it strange that you want to license and integrate a un proven energy harvesting finder into your headbones. If I were you I would talk to a battery based finder company which is reasonably proven to integrate since your headset has a battery. Hi Guys - sorry I didn't come back earlier. I really wasn't intending my post to be interpretted as a plug for my own project (although cross posts.. i'm happy to mention you in mine, because I genuinely like it). The reason for the post is two fold. 1. I have lost at least 4 sets of headphones over the past two years travelling. If iFind could be included in my project's device - I think it would be a great feature. 2. I'd love to understand how the energy harvesting system works and if it is a feature that could be integrated within our own product (licensed or whatever) to allow the Headbones to be charged during activities that they're primarily designed for (running, walking, snowboarding etc..). @Mark If this all turns out to be real, I pledge to make you and I native BB10 apps should WeTag allow it. Good news iFind! Looking forward to seeing it. any word on when the next technical brief will be? @Roger, indeed it can be a worthwhile undertaking. Just $1 pledges are enough to invite them. A flame-o-meter can be used to categorize the insults. Hello, I would like to know if the iFind I ordered is compatible with BlackBerry 10 devices? I own a z10 as my personal phone. BB 10.2 and 10.2.1 has android 4.4 runtime. So if the iFind comes with a proprietary app I shouldn't have a problem installing it. My main concern is headless support so that when the phone is locked it will still run in the background. Thanks I apologise to WeTag for this digression, but I guess they are busy with their homework assignment. @Asterix: Developing that thought - Kickstarter could invite the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine to set up a honeypot project to let their students of psychology study the two main Troll species. I define these as T. Horroribilis (coarse and foul mouthed) and the more sophisticated Trollus Sapiens (articulate and suave). What a benefit to all! Trolls would be exercised, and their perverse pleasures gratified. Non-trolls would have fun helping, and their normal Comments would be less troubled. Students would get their degrees. The project would be carefully chosen to be on the edge of technological possibility, but with a few glossy flaws as Troll bait. @Roger, hahaha, LOL!! Yes that worked. Eliza would not pass the Turing test but would entertain Trollus Horroribilis for a bit. @Roger, I works for me. Try just www.nlp-addiction.com @ Asterix: is that link correct? I cannot open it. 16 days... If the product was currently working, they would have demonstrated that. I like the comparison @wetag poster to a chat bot. Reminds me of This <url>#2 was a poor choice of words. What #2 (or 27) may be after capitalism is the readers choice. But. . . I love the critical thinking from your last comment. I hope you get an answer that is > drivel. #rollon500k @WeTag: How do you prevent dDoSing from happening? From what I understand I could render all iFind tags within miles useless by spamming random requests. In the FAQ it states that simply sharing my tag's ID with people enables them to also look for my tags. So there does not seem to be any "public-key-hand-shake" thingy going on. It looks like I can make any device ring as long as I know/guess its ID? Is there a handshake to see whether the device which requested the tag to ring is within range? If so dDoSing becomes even easier. Basically I could trigger this power consuming check on every device around the country using a $100 device and render the whole service useless for millions of people as the capacitor would waste all the stored energy because of bogus requests? Also do you ever answer any question with a meaningful answer or are you a chat bot? :-) Now the wait begins for the results. I wonder how much it will differ from this <url>"In a capitalist system (and I like capitalism better than the 2nd choice) this is how we redistribute wealth." What would be the second choice? There are hundreds of alternative, cooperative socioeconomic frameworks being proposed and discussed. It's scary to see an intelligent person stating that there are only 2 choices when it comes to managing our planet and society. You seem to have access to the internet ... what is your excuse? ;-) @Michael B: I asked them in a PM about biodegradable, apparently the casing is biodegradable, but the guts are regular electronics. Yeah I didn't read the full spec sheet for the whole thing. It looks like the bluetooth chip itself can work at just 6.7 mA. My assumption is they are going to use some sort of capacitor to power the circuit. One thing I don't believe is the biodegradable comment. @JP: I did not say WeTag are using it, just that I want one myself. As you say it is huge compared to the IFind dimensions. @try hard productions It doesn't matter if this is a scam (which i don't believe it is) kick starter won't take a hit because it clearly states that it doesn't investigate the people ability to do what they say and that they expect them to have some honor. Sure kickstarter would get allot of bad press but there is nothing legally you could sue them for unless you could prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that this campaign was a scam and they still refuse to remove it. Roger Sharpe & Michael B: If I drill down into the posting and the Wiki link for TI, it appears the form factor and composition of the TI tag is considerably larger, powered differently, and is orders of magnitude more powerful. Saying that "they will be using the new tags from Ti to power them" and jumping from tat statement to "so this is probably a viable project" is quite a logic leap. We Tag: Thanks so much for at least admitting that all you are doing is pandering to people like me who are asking questions. You are a very good flack. The White House called and needs a new Press Secretary. To those of you who think this will work, or who don't care if it doesn't, you are free to do as you wish. In a capitalist system (and I like capitalism better than the 2nd choice) this is how we redistribute wealth. To succeed in this system, it behooves you to think critically, examine evidence and balance skepticism with desire. In short, it should be relatively difficult for people who want your money to get it. This idea about "new" testing and the posting of "real world" results started with 26 days to go. Given that the We Tag folks have been at this for months before the project even launched, I don't understand what is taking so long. You really can't argue that they were/are not prepared to perform tests like this can you? Wouldn't any reasonable team of scientists and engineers working to develop new technology anticipate the need for basic testing for proof of concept? The reality I fear is that the We Tag folks are simply out of their depth and they have no idea how to respond to their "success." The usual response is to either address the problem or turn turtle. But here the flack has maintained the comments banter and that keeps the interest going. Keep in mind that the device has to "parse" every request. If I query tag-ID 1234 and there are 25 tags around with different IDs then they can't just stay in "0.5yA idle-until-interrupt mode" ... they have to power up and check their ID vs the one I requested constantly? One could probably dDoS every iFind tag within 20miles (suck the capacitor empty) by spamming 1000 requests with bogus IDs? The datasheet says "Power Mode 3 (External Interrupts): 0.5μA" ... RX and TX are ~20mA. So even if it only sucks 0.μyA during "idle" operation ... where do you get the 20mA from for communication? Let alone powering the buzzer? @Michael B: Thanks for the link. I had an instant attack of the "Musthaves". Initially it looked like having an App for Iphones only - the good news about an Android App is buried rather deep. Boys Must Have Toys - this looks entertaining. My assumption for this is they will be using the new tags from Ti to power them. They use 8uA of power, so this is probably a viable project. Just my 2 cents <url>"scam"? Is it that: 1. the creator takes the money and simply disappears? 2. the creator can not deliver the rewards even after a lengthy delay with various excuses? 3. the creator finally (with or without a delay) delivers the rewards that are not what they promised in the campaign? In my opinion, except for 1, it is very hard to draw the line. @Try Hard Productions Checkout the site I linked below...Kickstarter has definitely rode out a 500k scam...with zero issues. We'll see if this ends up on <url>`t believe that the Electro Magnetic Harvesting technology you are promoting is not workable at this time. Quite rightly you at WETAG don`t want to reveal how you have overcome this and made it work, to avoid other people copying it before you have a chance to secure your patents etc. I am not a scientist or an energy expert, I am just a guy on the street who like yourselves can see the need for exactly what you are offering, however, having read about the failure of similar tracking devices that were recently funded via kickstarter not performing anywhere near their anticipated expectations - using traditional conventional battery technology, then you can understand how - dubious your claims are. Others have failed to make a tracking tab (not mentioning names) that works using batteries, yet here you are not only claiming to have a product that works, but it works using technology most men on the street would not have believed possible. I pledge a dollar to give me a voice on this forum, I hope your product is a success and if it is I will buy them once you hit the consumer market. Meanwhile I will sit on the fence and watch events unfold - discrete, easy item location is definitely something busy people, desperately want, I hope you have cracked it and wish you well. To have solved this problem with out batteries would indeed be a world beater. Yeah I will applaud the PR skills even if this turns out to be a scam, top notch. On a side note, one of my favorite mobile accessory companies really needs help to hit their goal. Check it out. <url>"Ricky" I find it strange that you always agree with @Jeffrey and are always are on at the same time. I also see that you just joined KS and this is the only project you follow. I might be able to find more "backers" like that. In the age of auto tune the choir may be just one guy. @Jeffrey Price +1. One of the best comments I've ever seen on Kickstarter. Thank you. @Creator, I agree. Indiegogo is (or should be) the last resort for the desperate and dateless. KS backers are mad enough. IGG backers are lunatics! @lan Unfortunately, based on what WeTag provided so far, there is no new tech behind this project AT ALL. The EM Harvesting WeTag posted was not possible happen in the real world. Not only against the the natural physical rules but also against the FCC rules. The only battery-free WeTag showed to us, is replacing the battery to a power bank. Totally a joke. It has been 10 days since we questioned WeTag right after they posted the tech brief. WeTag is still refusing answering the questions and working on some tests which they should be done before the campaign. Honestly, I pledged $1 here only for the news. @Wetag We know who you are and we are looking at you. @jeffrey "For those who will switch from $120 to only $30 because they are interested in the “tech” I say good for you. You will waste less money. It will still be wasted, but it’s yours, so flush it as you see fit. But the idea that you are supporting the “tech” or the advancement of a concept, is questionable. This is not a research project and the results will be owned by the Creators." I disagree. its not money wasted. i get the tag. if it works to any degree i would be happy spending the $30. it will be useful for something like keeping track of your kids at the fair. i will find a way to charge them for use in those instances and for $30 i won't consider it a loss at all. of course i hope they do work under normal household conditions as advertised. "So let’s say they get “kinda close” or add to the knowledge base. How does that information get transferred to the greater good of society? It doesn’t because it is neither open source nor part of a research process that is going to publish results. So you supported the “tech” for one company." I would have to say that you are dead wrong here. What happens when a company advances. Its competition is forced to advance also or run the risk of becoming obsolete. I help develop this tech and this company. eventually they will push into other areas of consumerism and when they do this will force other company's to improve their tech. In other words its for the greater good of society. This is what I would call reasonable test results - It will work as advertised in 70% of normal households without any exceptional efforts on the part of the consumer - no having to hack the microwave or tape the widget to the wifi box. No boosting signals on other gadgets and no extraordinary math to make the numbers work. For those who will switch from $120 to only $30 because they are interested in the “tech” I say good for you. You will waste less money. It will still be wasted, but it’s yours, so flush it as you see fit. But the idea that you are supporting the “tech” or the advancement of a concept, is questionable. This is not a research project and the results will be owned by the Creators. So let’s say they get “kinda close” or add to the knowledge base. How does that information get transferred to the greater good of society? It doesn’t because it is neither open source nor part of a research process that is going to publish results. So you supported the “tech” for one company. This stage of this project was best suited to Indegogo where these flights of fancy are the norm (“Please fund my efforts on this tech to create WeTag!”); now everyone is fully and completely informed that this is NOT a viable project YET. It is a tech work in progress. I could honestly help fund that because I like science and technology and where it can go. That is not what we have and that is what bothers me. Instead we have a project that makes promises that they admit they have no idea if they can be met. Testing is still in progress while the rocket is on the launch pad with $400,000 in the nosecone. That does not sound honest to me. The other thing that bothers me is that Kickstarter is so clueless. But why would Kickstarter turn down a project that bends (if not breaks) their rules? “Every project needs a plan for creating something and sharing it with the world. At some point, the creator should be able to say: “It’s finished. Here’s what we created. Enjoy!” I do not see that here. And, “Projects can’t mislead people or misrepresent facts, and creators should be candid about what they plan to accomplish. When a project involves manufacturing and distributing something complex, like a gadget, we require projects to show a prototype of what they’re making, and we prohibit photorealistic renderings.” What do you think? Don't be a lawyer, be a 6th grader who hears this story and is asked, "Is what they said and did at WeTag fair?" Finally, Kickstarter says, “Projects must be honest and clearly presented.” Doesn’t this one miss on both counts? Kickstarter is collecting 5%. Amazon gets 3%. That’s easy money that is lost if the rules were followed or if this was at Indegogo. Therefore Kickstarter tells us that they just can't be bothered policing their own web site because, well, they just can't. I’m not saying these Creators are liars, I don't think they are (at least I have no proof they are). Rather they appear to be clueless, uncritical thinkers, enamored with a theory and without any idea how it can actually be manufactured using current technology. They expect a "eureka moment" that will save the day. I think that adorable, but it will not bring a product to life. This is the Big Bang Theory cast trying to make a consumer product out of a physics theory. Clearly the idea has struck a common need – “I don’t want to lose my stuff”. There will be 8,000 backer and over a half a million dollars when this closes. But if the Creators are really out there on the edge, and their tests show this does not have any reasonable chance to work as they first said when this started, don’t they have a obligation to pull the plug? We’ll see. @ Warren Not everyone of course, but likely most.. As Sarah pointed out, many won't pay close attention or forget what they've backed by the time the project ends. Also many view backing a project as a form of gambling; they're willing to accept a loss. I had several e-mails to KS regarding another project with similar concerns/issues as this. KS has rules and does not enforce them. There is no over site of the project by KS. We are on our own. Lawsuits are between you and the creator. KS says they EXPECT the creator to do what they are supposed to do. Don't look to KS for any help. I bailed on the other project. I do not have the knowledge to know if people are lying about their projects. Buyer beware @jim sometime when your prototyping you leave something out because you know you can add it later without causing problems. In this case they probably knew that adding holes would only make their alarm louder and if they could here it without holes then it would be better with holes. You say their tech brief has been picked apart. I have tried my best to follow this and i admittedly may have missed something but how do we know that the people who "picked" it apart are qualified to do so. What are their degrees that qualify them to tell us if this will or will not work. And how have they taken into account any advancement in technology that wetag is not willing to share until they have a patent. Now i am not saying that they are wrong. I am just saying that everything has to be taken with a grain of salt. If you are not satisfied with the test results they bring back then feel free to cancel. I don't think anyone would hold it against you. I have backed for 10 of these and if i don;t like their answer i will lower my pledge down to the $30 pledge. In other word i am interested in the tech even if it still isn't the most practical thing. For now though i wait and i am quite content to wait until jun 29 but on jun 29 i better have good answers or my pledge shrinks...maybe even to 0. only time will tell. On a final note. You say the testing should have been done before kickstarter. that's not always possible. for all we know they need a new piece of equipment to perfect their design. and once they have it they will be able to produce a unit that can live up to all their claims. congrats on reaching 400k! ^^ I think it will be a great idea if you can have a case for the iphone that you can insert a tag. This will perfect in my case of a family of 4 iphone users. If you can't find your iphone and if the iphone is turn off, you can tracked with other iphone. @Ian "I really don't think this is a scam per say. If it was they would tell us what ever they thought we needed to hear in order to leave our pledges exactly like they are. Maybe the product won't work as good as they seem to be letting on." Most people probably never read the comments after they pledge. I doubt any substantial number of people will cancel based purely on comments here. For those who are doing due diligence by following comments and doing independent research, their comments have been lacking in details. Requests for details has been delayed until test results come back. Their tech brief has been picked apart and shown that there isn't enough energy in a typical environment for it to work [1]. They have not given a good response to that yet. Now we are waiting for tests to complete, which should have been done BEFORE this Kickstarter was started to prove that it's viable. Also I've very concerned that there were not any holes for the alarm, for a product that is supposed to be loud. They stated that the current photos are of the prototype, yet no holes for alarm sound to escape. That's a very major design issue to miss. [1] <url>"In everyday environment . . . . it will never die." I can already see the class action lawyers circling around Plano, Texas. @Ollie Btw, yes it comes in purple. It can also be used as a guitar pick. jajaja. Still waiting on that demo video @WeTag Please, for the sake of the welfare of your company, provide some sort of confirmation or denial of this project's legitimacy. We need proof of this product. If this is a scam, there is no way that you will be allowed to walk away with $400k. Under the terms of KickStarter, you as a company are legally obligated to provide us with the product specified. If you cannot fulfill your claim, you will be bankrupted as a company. @Warren If I might make a prediction: Only a negligible fraction of backers would back out if no technical proof is provided. This prediction I would put good money behind. Will I be able to change my pledge. I realized I need more than two tags. If I can, please advise the appropriate steps to take please. Thank you. I have now reached the point where I have almost zero confidence this device will ever live up to any reasonable expectations. I am out. Roger that , wish I be half as sharp as you at 66 @Roger Sharp :) @Asterix: Blasted Cheek! I am not that old :) I moved to Austria in '92 after communism fell apart and my skills were required to support the firms products. Now at 66 I am happily retired and have time to indulge in "techie" biased stuff to keep senility at bay. @Roger, LOL!, it was even funnier when I imagined Jeremy Clarkson imitating the queen. So you based on the information you have given so far I concur that you are a Brit left in Austria after WWII LOL - I can just see QE2 looking at her smartphone and saying, "Drat! Naughty old Ripper has gone out range, Philip dear, send a footman to round him up". @ Billy: Tiny little holes to let the buzzer sound out, too small to let water in easily. But please do not apply a fire hose. @ WeTag: Her Majesty QE2 would much rather see you write: " Neither the size nor the shape has changed" - if that is what you meant! There are holes on it? @Creator "No. There was electronics inside.". "Not by shape, size before you ask." What is changing about the size? I can't imagine that it could get thinner. Why would the size need to change if the electronics already fit in the current tiny form? @Mary Machado, not only unethical but also in clear violation of Kickstarter's rules. @Creator, I suggest you report her to KS and get her banned @Creator We'd love to see whatever extra photos that you guys can share of the real product or prototypes. The current photos are just plastic tags with no electronics right? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Well the update we all want is coming soon so it's time for ifind to prove itself or backers will cancel. So its up to you to pull this out of the bag @Creator "We will post them when the new housings come back." I don't mind see photos of the current version you have now. I'm pretty sure most people like to see various iterations of the prototypes, even if it is the externals only. It's nice to see progress. @marcel LOL you are absolutely tight tasker would have a hard time detecting it with bluetooth off. I was tired when i wrote that lol. @Roma, misfit shine has holes and is water resistant. If you laser drill small holes waters surface tension will not allow it to go in. Yet sound can come put. Just make a little pyramid-shaped wire frame in the backyard, put the tags in it and gather around at midnight chanting OMMMM. if that's not enough, just bury a tiny plutonium chip underneath and half the tags will remain totally active for 1,000 years. At $18 each, they'll be the gifts that keep on giving :) @Creator As I said, when people discuss the wireless signal strength, the POWER DENSITY is used. This is the POWER PER UNIT AREA. The power of 110uW is the total received power the RF/DC converter needs. The relationship between the total received power and the power density at the receiving location is the effective area of the receiving antenna. The author of the post used the dimensions of iFind to estimate the effective area of its antenna (i.e. 32mm x 27mm) and got the required power density of 318mW which is about 25dBm. Filling the holes as we speak :) @Marcel they managed to have holes in my Samsung S5 and it's 'water tight'. @WeTag: will the tag still be watertight after you've put holes in it? @Ian: good idea to request support for Tasker. That would allow for all kinds of beacon setups. One thing though: Tasker probably won't detect the tag if bluetooth is off... ;-) @Ian There’s a simple way to determine the max available power. The FCC limits radiated power from *any* household device to less than -42dBm, measured at 3 meters. The ambient power in most houses is therefore considerably lower [about -65dBm at my house.] The iFind requires an absolute minimum of -9dBm to work. That’s more than *a thousand* times the -42dBm power level that the FCC limit allows in a household environment. Most backers don't view this is a problem: ‘They’ll fix it with innovation somehow... by the way, does it come in purple?’ ;> Drilling the holes as we speak :) @Creator "@Creator: Where is the hole for the speaker located? @Dennis There are several outlets for the cavity" Can you provide pictures? The current photos do not show any holes at all and they already show both sides. While you do not want to share the internal hardware, the external photos cannot possibly reveal any secrets. @creator You must have an idea what the power available in an average american home is. Is that power enough to run these devices continuously. Maybe what we need here is a corresponding product designed specifically for emitting the power level necessary to charge these. You could keep them at your house and at work and it would charge your stuff while you were hanging out. The main takeaway from DropKicker's post is Creator 's own words --- "In operational mode to maintain a rope of 0.036mA, without any draw from the bank needs 110uW (Maximum: you missed some residuals) to run, so 275uW at the input with an RF/ DC efficiency (40%) worst case. That translates to -5.6 dBm at the input." The "-5.6 dBm" here is the received power rather than the power density we usually use to describe the EM strength. As estimated in the post, the corresponding power density at the location of iFind is 318mW or about 25 dBm. This is way beyond what we have in our home environment. @Creator: Where is the hole for the speaker located? @Creator: Where is the hole for the speaker located? If I know they work as advertised I would like 5 or 10. Now I just backed one for testing. If works properly i`ll buy later more. Currently I don't want to take the risk. I already lost money on 10 TrackR buttons that didn't work. @Creator: What will be the retail price? As I said yesterday "I really don't think iFind will work as expected unless your expectations are quite low. I think the main reason for funding this project will be to support innovation and take the tech to the next level." If you back this thing to support innovation, that's fine. Just don't expect it to work. That was a very interesting read sight full or insightful. Can you please make sure you address all the comments made by drop kicker in a video and update before the campagin ends please as it's only fair @Creator: Could you give your feedback here with regard to the dropkicker review? I'm now having doubts of whether to keep my pledge (10 iFinds, go for lower reward to reduce financial loss in case you can't deliver or it doesn't work as advertised or cancel pledge altogether...) <url>"I hope to do that with ninja sphere." I wish you the best with that, but I personally don't have big hope for their product. They are so useless in developing, or even keeping up to date any driver for their previous "Ninjablock" that I avoided the sphere at all costs. Just have a look on their forum. Maybe it will change when their sphere will be out, we can always hope. @The JJ, don't know about being a king but definitely a sucker for ble things!!! @Creator Just sent you a private message. Please check! @Dennis not me either. I did back chipolo and Lapa but got out quickly as I coukd read through the lines and new things were not going to work which I was right about. Tile has now launched and getting good reports but again it only lasts for a year and you need to renew it again.Scam. To me everything should be built with a universal tracking module integrated into it and can be pick up anyway by GPS. @Dennis not me either. I did back chipolo and Lapa but got out quickly as I coukd read through the lines and new things were not going to work which I was right about. Tile has now launched and getting good reports but again it only lasts for a year and you need to renew it again.Scam. To me everything should be built with a universal tracking module integrated into it and can be pick up anyway by GPS. @Asterix You are crowned as the tracker early adopter king!! :) Way to have "tech patience" - if iFind succeeds the search will be over. Its a long road ahead and the pledges are rising...We are all super excited! Sorry! Yes, excluding tile over a million dollars were crowdfunded and still continuing to grow. And tile on its own is another 1.2 million. There are a lot of them out there. @ Asterix: Phew - I did not know there were so many! Yes - I remember some coloured diagrams to illustrate how multipoint range-finding could narrow down the location of an item, it was very well thought out. Reminded me of Criminal Minds! I am beginning to wonder that the whole searching for your finder from phone is not the right way for this problem. Like @Wouter pointed out. Trilateration is the way to go. I hope to do that with ninja sphere. Every ble thing in the house (plugs, laptops, bulbs, phones, other finders, ) should be combined and used to locate a finder using trilateration. @Roger, chipolo was bad. They've since offered to replace. Will see how it goes. I was surprised by smartwallit which did a good job. Granted it's not small and has LiPo battery. It's has it's quirks but better than chipolo. Maxstone is also a one that was made really well. Looks awesome and great to touch. It works but has some frequent interrupts. But as a camera remote it works awesome but only decently as a finder. Still waiting for gecko, tile and pebblebee and ofcourse iFind. @ The JJ & Roma: Thanks It will be very interesting, in a years time to see a comparison review of the survivors. (if any). Some have quite different design strategies, sealed battery, replaceable, or rechargeable battery, and WeTag with SuperCap power bank. But as you infer - keeping the comms going between phone and device is the same challenge for them all. I expect the technology will get there, but not as smoothly as us impatient technophiles would like. :) The point on sound volume is noted and very important to me, too much gunfire has left me a bit deaf on the right side. @Roger, my only personal experience was TrackR. The fact the same mob has launched a newer version on Indiegogo speaks for itself. In my view there are two issues 1. maintaining the connection between the app and the tag 2. hearing the tag from a useful distance away. You shouldn't underestimate the value of the second one and it is a real challenge for people making these things. For example, TrackR's volume was increased by 50% to try to improve the sound volume but it was still weak as piss. All that of course happened after everyone had pledged their money. I really don't think iFind will work as expected unless your expectations are quite low. I think the main reason for funding this project will be to support innovation and take the tech to the next level. @Dennis, not me. And I would never again back anything on Indiegogo. At least here on Kickstarter the project creators can't delete comments so there is some level of protection, particularly during the fundraising phase. @warren Which of you guys have also backed duet on Indiegogo? With all the remarks of bad projects regarding trackers. Chipolo etc. I'm worried a made a misstake with Duet. Warren mentioned them making different cases and again asking for pledges trough KS or Indiegogo. @Roger Sharp Like many - I was on board for Chipolo, Pebblebee and now this. So the search goes on. It really does seem like a simple task - but this technology may very well be 5-8 years away. Unless of course We Tag proves all wrong :)! Yes - I was not expecting you to comment. Sorry if this is off-topic for WeTag, There are a few location devices on the market now with Bluetooth LE as comms link - do any actually work as expected? @Creator, it worked for about 4 hours then failed. In my book that means it didn't work. Would you agree? @Wetag Thanks. Looking forward to it. @Wetag Thanks. Looking forward to it. @Creator, thank you. Last question from me in this regard. The sound emitted from my Trackr was very high pitched but the volume was very low. In that same 25' x 20' room with the keys in that same timber bedside cabinet with the drawer closed (but the keys not buried under other stuff in there), will you guarantee that a person of average hearing will hear the sound if standing anywhere in that room? @Creator, I'll try again. Will you guarantee that iFind will pick up the location of my keys if I'm in a room 25' x 20' and the keys are in a timber bedside cabinet in that same room? If not, will you give any guarantee at all regarding it's capability to pick up anything anywhere, assuming the tag has power? @Creator, sorry I meant to say my Pebble loses connection if separated from my Pebble by more than about 4 rooms in my house. Does your comment mean that you won't guarantee iFind will pick up the location of my keys even if they are in the same room? @Creator, then what is the minimum range? In my home my Pebble watch loses BT connection if separated from my iPhone 5. Will iFind be any better or worse? @Creator "That obviously varies with situation. The maximum is 200ft." The situation I specified was a city. You may use Plano if you want to be more specific or any other city you have tested in. @Creator What is the actual/average real world (in city) range of the iFind? When is the best big update coming? Nevermind 200ft I see What's the distance of them? Again sorry to harp - but "naming and shaming" is the only recourse on KS! I have a few on my list that are disasters - 70% creator with 0 communications skills and 30% just bad planning and execution (or lack there of) and bad product! @Creator to get back on track - if I know my tracker is fully charged (via an indicator of some kind I suppose) and plan to go "off the grid" - with a one time a day 10 minute use - with nothing to charge it - how many days will it last - approximately. Is this one of the scenarios being planned? I appreciate the info! @roma 10 trackrs and none work? My god and then they push out the same stuff just with a different enclosure.I have had more better experiences than negatives with crowdfunding and recieved refunds from the creator's but only after plaguing them. @WeTag You got me ;-) I think that we all improve the same way - with the carrot and the stick. If not already planned, would you consider updating two of the FAQ's: 1) What does lifetime warranty mean - moneyback? replacement? workmanship only? 2) After you get your new data, could you add the necessary qualifications to the statement about the charge level never dying. Thank you for the commitments that you made today, Yuan Song, if I may call you that. They refunded backers who pressed hard. I didn't say they stole money. Just a rubbish product and incompetently administered project. @Creator, no need to feel sorry for me. I got a full refund. Guess what happened 2 months later? The postman kindly delivered 10 Trackrs - not that they work, of course! What a mob of clowns. @Len +1. Exactly! @WeTag I agree that KS is better because the negative comments cannot be hidden. Sometimes it takes a few negatives for the project to think about providing more evidence like a more convincing video. The last thing KS should be is a popularity contest. I just had it out with KS on another project. The project was being sabotaged by 3 individuals....or maybe they were being helpful. That is the issue....most of us don't know who is telling the truth. KS makes rules, but doesn't ensure that the creators follow the rules. There are minimum requirements, but KS doesn't use oversight to ensure it's being done KS says you can't hold us accountable for anything. Here is what they said to me "While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>"I haven't got the old ones yet (6 months since shipping started) and this new one's great". That's the definition of a masochist, right there! A free kick to you guys. A question: bit of a long shot I know but it would be amazing if your app could work as a slave to another phone with the app, becoming a iFind tag itself. Rope function between my smartwatch and smartphone would be super neat! As would the localisation and the alarm of course. You could make it so that people could only unlock that slave feature in the app with a code that comes with every iFind tag. Probably not going to happen though... I do have yet another question, can Windows 8.1 devices like laptops/tablets also be used if they have bluetooth? Porting the app to the windows store wouldn't even be that hard I think, and then it could run on windows RT devices!! Maybe consider it as another stretchgoal? Agree that we are digressing but something I noticed is that kickstarter really hasn't improved much to the site itself. Sure they now allow projects to be started from more countries but I feel like the site itseld could use an upgrade. Like more of a social aspect, private messaging between users, following users, @mentioning users in comments, threaded comments like reddit. Editing comments shortly after posting them. I could keep going... Also we need an Android app! Anyway back to topic! sorry - "Welcome to KS fork over the cash" that's the slogan :) @ Warren Oakley I do not wish to diatribe - or take away from this project, but KS has indeed evolved into a popularity contest. If a project is not legit, yet popular KS will turn a blind eye, watch it climb into the millions, and when it it ultimately fails for backers: delays, subpar product, radio silence from creators, they play dumb, because they already have their cut and they are protected under the agreement. So short of the stick = backers. KS win win! Creator win win and you are left with a piece of plastic - doorstopper or better yet 2 years down the line and nothing to show. Welcome KS - for over the cash! And - KS will censor comments as well...key word is censor... I will not say another word on this......promise... @WeTag No not plugging another project,especially that car crash of a project which unfortunately im in 1 year today and 13 months since i backed it. No communication from the creators constant lies too. the only thing i don't like about KS is when they receive the percentage of your funds that's it game over.They have very poor customer service. At least Indiegogo will listen and reply and actually do something about it. In the end without us backers they wouldn't be a KS,they fail to realize that. @The JJ I wish lol Unfortunately it doesn't work like that. But when i truly believe in a project i will give it my full support to the end,and the referral program is a no brainer if you want to get them for FREE @Creator You said: "...There are two ways to measure the distance. Either signal strength or by response time to a communication..." and "... The return of flight is the most accurate and is dependent on the processing algorithm..,." . My question is just to confirm that you were talking about what has been done in this project. It has nothing to do with "any details of the firmware". Don't blame you. Your mate Chris Herbert has just launched again on Indiegogo. @Creator Does iFind or iFind App actually measure the distance using response time in Bluetooth communication? Oh wow, that makes a lot of sense, didn't occur to me at all. So does the localisation use just that method or also the signal strength? And how accurate is that method? e.g. when it say 10 meters away could it also be 5 - 15 meters away or is it really exactly that far away? And are there factors that interfere with this accuracy e.g. many other Bluetooth devices nearby. Um.. the meter IS the fundamental unit of length. Could you clarify a bit? This goes for any other tracking tag with similar functionality so if someone who has others could chime in how that works in other apps? Asterix maybe? Also, the dropkick article was really good actually, his conclusion is exactly what I suspect will be the case. Although of course I hope they'll prove me wrong in the next update. @Creator With the rope in meters, how will that be accurate at all? Say you don't want your cat to get in the neighbor's garden which is 20 meters away, but the catbox 10 meters away is like a Faraday cage for some reason, wouldn't the alarm go off then too, since the phone doesn't know whether the that means the tag is far away in perfect conditions or closer by with the signal being blocked? Or are you using clever algorithms to measure how 'sudden' the changes in signal strength are? Combined with data from the accelerometer, I guess that could tell you what caused the drop in signal strength, displacement or obstruction. For anyone who's interested, here is the link to the excellent DropKicker post on this project: <url>"average home", "average workplace" - well documented - as to what is available in the environment for charging the device - will be "proof in the pudding". I fully support We Tag until the day comes when the "cards on the table" ultimately tell me not to. Metaphors - what we would do without them :) @ Warren Coakley - so you have 11 232 to spend on the keys??? WOW! @Wetag. OK good, if anything your communication and correspondence to questions has been brilliant not like another campagin I know of....Cough...Cough Embrace+ @Wetag yes I have 7268 visits to the page and 112 refferals coming in at $11,232. Not bad. Cool good to know. Are you still on course for October though? I see Trackr Bravo has been released today on Indiegogo but I'm still with yours. I hope you can document your critic's in the comments section with an unedited video of the new prototype to set their minds at ease. I liked the "Do not want to get arrested" throwaway! I am scanning the news for reports of a Kickstarter project team chased from the roof of the police HQ on 14th Street ... Obviously checking out the transmitter for a 10dBm signal. The drop-kicker article was a good spot, it is nice to see the maths done in an easy to understand way. Now we have a good reference basis to judge the awaited review. So do you have a refferal scheme to achieve more for free or a the one we backed and get a refund? Looking forward to the updated FAQ with more information on the different modes of the application. Regarding the rope function, will it be set as a distance in meters, or a certain signal strength? What will the retail price be and will people ordering from your website also have to pay the 10 dollar international shipping? For those who are interested, an excellent assessment of this project has been posted on drop-kicker.com . The article includes interview comments from the WeTag CTO, Paul McArthur. @Creator "We are working hard on them and they will be completed soon. There are a lot of different scenarios to measure. When they are completed they will be posted in an update." Can you please list what those test scenarios are? And what you are measuring? ALSO, can we expect the results by 6/15/2014 at the latest? Looking forward to the release of the tests and the interpretation of the data by those smarter than I, so I can feel more confident in my pledge and the functionality of these tags. Hopefully they wont be released too late in the game. @Creator "The tests are for a set of environments that have different EM conditions." When will these tests be completed? Is Prototype 2 planned or exception? From your timeline, the plan it to complete flex circuit production by the end of this month - 20 days left. Is it still on the schedule? Will the backers expect delayed delivery? @Creator First prototype, second prototype? In which activities does prototyping fall in your timeline on your project page? Yes, I asked this before. No, you didn't answer my question. @Warren, why are you shamelessly plugging in another project here. @Creator "We are trying to complete a very stringent set of tests and will post them immediately when they are complete." Can you tell us exactly what those set of tests are and, most importantly, when the testing will be completed? How would you like a GOkey for FREE, yes FREE. Get the newest innovated device that everyone is talking about now for FREE. T&C's Apply. Click the link below and pledge today. <url>#gadgets #gokey #crowdfunding #bluetooth #smartdevice #charger #storage #wearables #wearabletech #tech #usbstick #apple #android #WindowsPhone #samsung #nexus #socialmedia #location #LG #innovation #indiegogo #stuff #startups #keytracker #keyring #smartdevice #smartkey #hdd #lighteningcable #usb3 #keynote #powerpoint #twitter #facebook "In reality, hope is the worst of all evils, because it prolongs man's torments" Nietzsche. @Wetag OK thanks for your answer. I really hope you prove everyone wrong. I just want it for my wallet really as all the other trackers like chipolo, Lapa, Trackr and Pebblebee are way to big to fit in my secrit wallet. I also hope you are on course for October with no see delays. If lack of updates start that's the only thing that I get annoyed about. I really hope you can show alot of the backers here that indeed this is a world's first and it's successful. @Creator Thanks for your answer. But you didn't answer my question about the completeness of its functionality. Let me ask you again: Is it (either first or second) fully functional? More specifically: 1. EM energy harvesting? 2. Find? 3. Rope? Then where is the Bluetooth symbol @Creator "...The old video had the first prototype..." Which part of first prototype is shown in the old video? Tag or App? Or both? Creator WeTag 2 minutes ago: "@Dennis .... although that is a surprise about a good product." Well, that comment says it all! <url>"insides" of your prototype. We are asking about general stage your prototype development has reached. Please also note the KS Guideline: ".... Projects must be honest and clearly presented. Projects can’t mislead people or misrepresent facts, and creators should be candid about what they plan to accomplish. When a project involves manufacturing and distributing something complex, like a gadget, we require projects to show a prototype of what they’re making...." @Creator When will you release next Tech Brief? I thought that it was due over this weekend. In your answer you mentioned your existing "Phase 1 Prototype". Can you elaborate more on this prototype? Is any video or picture of it available? How complete is it in terms of the system and functionality? I backed this for $1 to keep in touch. Probably just another one of these tracking things to over-promise and under-deliver. Anyone want 9 useless Trackrs? If and when tracking tech actually works reliably, that's the time for me to buy in and, believe me, it won't be from a crowd funding project with no consumer protection. Good luck to all those brave enough to properly back this project. @Creator "Currently we are performing additional testing at the request of some of the backers to encompass some different environmental conditions (field strengths)." When will the results of these tests be posted? Also want is the real world range of the iFind tags? The range you are providing seems to be the theoretical range of Bluetooth under optimal conditions. I know that i have troible with 15ft in my home. What is the tested range in a city environment? I'd love to see KS withdraw some tax from backer's card for each comment. Then I guess, some solo voices would be much more quiet, specific and not so annoying. @Wetag Is there any chance, that your software will track other BT devices, such as handsfree? @Wetag. So after going through various comments below can you answer me a simple question before I pull my pledge? Has this technology been truly tested and working on iFind before you started the campagin? @Len your welcome for the beanie ripoff. Glad it happened and to stop people with no imagination or innovation of their own. What do you mean fake I don't understand? Wow, Warren Coakley!!! Congrats on the suspension of the beanie ripoff project. I hope you noticed that the iFind video is fake. Also the big question is whether these tags are able to charge when they are located more than a few feet away from a wifi transmitter. Backed. This will be perfect for my wallet. Congratulations in achieving your goal. The only thing I ask is to keep up communication with regular updates. @Wetag Any update on the possibility of a baggage function? Which is a reversible rope function as I explained before. @Creator: Is it possible to extend the range to about 300m (the range of the phantom quadcopter). So i can always find the quadcopter when it's out of control. I think this is maybe too much to ask from such device. Cool product by the way. @Creator: Is the crowdsourcing location finding from TrackR also available in your product? <url>’s our responsibility as investors to do our homework. Throughout history there’s been countless proposals to build machines that violate Conservation of Energy, a universal law of physics. Of course, none of those schemes have had a happy ending; This law of physics cannot be broken, no matter how clever the inventor. The WeTag data show that the required tag power is more than 1000x the maximum ambient power allowed in a household by the FCC. This 1000x discrepancy can’t be resolved by any circuit, no matter how clever… the power simply isn’t there. Most of the negative comments here are probably fueled by the likely outcome that the 1000x energy gap won’t be resolved, and that most of the backers will not pull out. But there's 22 days left, anything can happen! Bit harsh @Wetag I think @BF was trying to show support to you guys ! "I don't care who ya are, that's funny right there" WE TAG will tell you what is science; WE TAG will tell you what is testing; WE TAG will tell you what is meaningless drivel. The Force is strong in WE TAG! Trust in WE TAG. (These are not the comments you are looking for. . . ). OK. I'm going to another project. These are not the comments I've been looking for. I know you guys here are kind and knowledgeable people who want to protect the other people not to be cheated. But sometimes we even don't know if ourselves are right. We can only say that we don't know it yet. We can question team. But could we change a way to do it? Ask them what they need to be supported from us except money. We tell them what we know and encourage them to succeed. Even though you are a competitor, you still can benefit from the new innovation by cooperating with them. Hi guys, I really want to say something. The KS's purpose is to give people a chance to support innovation, which may be beyond our recent knowledge and understanding ability. If everyone know how to do it or understand it, the product may be already in the supermarket rather than here. Even though the project failed in the future, at least we(supporters) have encouraged a group of people(here WeTag) who use their valuable time tried it. In the very near future, some other group may notice our support money, they would know people need this product and they may try again. Again and again... Till this product come to human's real life. I think this is our supporting money's meaning instead of just getting a perfect product. We are supporting human's innovation and changing this world by our supporting money. The following link is some real interesting allegations which are all from some famous people: <url>“There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home.” — Ken Olson, president, chairman and founder of Digital Equipment Corp. (DEC), maker of big business mainframe computers, arguing against the PC in 1977. 2. “We will never make a 32 bit operating system.” — Bill Gates 4. “There is practically no chance communications space satellites will be used to provide better telephone, telegraph, television, or radio service inside the United States.” — T. Craven, FCC Commissioner 11. “This is the biggest fool thing we have ever done. The bomb will never go off, and I speak as an expert in explosives.” — Admiral William D. Leahy, Chief of Staff to the Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy during World War II, advising President Truman on the atomic bomb, 1945.[6] Leahy admitted the error five years later in his memoirs 12. “The energy produced by the breaking down of the atom is a very poor kind of thing. Anyone who expects a source of power from the transformation of these atoms is talking moonshine.” — Ernest Rutherford, shortly after splitting the atom for the first time. 13. “There is not the slightest indication that nuclear energy will ever be obtainable. It would mean that the atom would have to be shattered at will.” — Albert Einstein, 1932 20. “X-rays will prove to be a hoax.” — Lord Kelvin, President of the Royal Society, 1883. 23. “Fooling around with alternating current is just a waste of time. Nobody will use it, ever.” — Thomas Edison, American inventor, 1889 25. “Television won’t last. It’s a flash in the pan.” — Mary Somerville, pioneer of radio educational broadcasts, 1948. 29. “Rail travel at high speed is not possible because passengers, unable to breathe, would die of asphyxia.” — Dr Dionysys Larder (1793-1859), professor of Natural Philosophy and Astronomy, University College London. don't feed the trolls. <url>"It was tested in a set of real time circumstances." Jeffrey Price says "Please post those results - you know, like numbers and "test" parameters that you used." WeTag provides no answer.. If you all want to just wait for the promised test results, that is fine. But I do not. You are welcome to report my comments to KS. Maybe that would help to spur an investigation that gets to the truth. You're right. I apologize to the ungulates. @Jeffrey: calling people sheep is neither respectful nor considerate. "These guys" have collected no money yet, only pledges and publicity. Backers still have 23 days to be convinced or to retreat their pledge. Even your one dollar is not collected yet... @Len: Comments repeating the same subject over and over again serve no purpose and only lead to backers not to be able to follow them. The challenge for WeTag is very clear. It's up to them to prove their concept. 23 days and counting... There are a tremendous number do sheep out there. Mr. Sharp and mr. Van Goey are not sheep. They are reading the comments. Good for them. The only answer to bad speech is more speech. In the last 36 hours these guys have collected another $30,000.00. This despite the raging controversy over the science. How sad. There is no early bird, no incentive to pledge, but these sheep just plow ahead. One dollar gets you a seat at the table (I bet WeTag wishes they hadn't done that!) but they get their chance. In 20 days there will be a result we can all deal with. Either the Kids in Plano Texas show viability, or they don't. I'm willing to wait, but if really dislike seeing sheep get sheared in the meantime. But that's what sheep do I suppose. Mr. Sharp and Van Goey: I don't believe anyone is being vitriolic nor are they attacking. Len does not appear to be overly offensive( though I must say I have no idea why you would preface the word offensive with the word overly; one is offensive or they are not - a multiplier seems, well, overly unnecessary). I am willing to wait for the real world tests and I am also willing to admit my skeptic comments may be wrong given the test results. Are you willing to do the same? If the test results provided are less than any reasonable scientist would accept, or they are not forth coming, will you post an appropriate comment? I will be fair, as long as those backing what I believe is a false science project will acknowledge the same. My goal is to stop voodoo science. My goal is to be a skeptic when people act like PT. Barnum. I will be as fair, so long as treated fairly. But if you post a video, that you admit was not accurate, and you were the only one responsible for posting it, I believe a reasonable response is to call bullshi1t on it. Personal responsibility extends especially to those who ask for money from others. Don't you agree? @wouter +1. Len is offending people that even agree with him. He's helping no one. We are all aware of the issues and are waiting for wetag to address them. If they are not addressed we can all cancel the pledges. +1 there's a lot at stake and ALOT money on the table for wetag and literally no risk for the backers at this moment in time. They've got our pledges right now but we all have over 20 days to pull out if things really go pear shaped. I got in early for two tags in good faith. If at the end of the pledge period, I'm not convinced (call me optimistic but I'm fairly convinced at this point they have something now), I will simply pull out. The burden is on them right now to prove they do indeed have a viable product. We can make a million assumptions as to whether or not their technology is even possible but at the end of the day, it's your choice whether or not to back it. I'm not here to argue and quite honestly I'm not even interested in anyone's rebuttal to my points. You can call me a complete moron for thinking this is even possible for all I care- I'm just interested (as most are) in getting some more technical info and working demos of the product and if it takes time, so be it. There's still plenty of it until I'm forced to make a final decision... The rest is really just semantics at this point @Len, could you cool it down a bit? I actually agree with many of the points you've made in comments spread out over this project, but you are coming across as overly offensive. @Roger There are many aspects to the evaluation of a project, not just the one you are waiting for. I don't know why you feel the need to criticize others who have a different opinion or perhaps for highlighting negative facts that are, to me, just as important as the positives. You say "we" as if you are the group consensus leader. Do you really expect me to agree with you? We can keep going to >1000 comments if you like but that doesn't help anybody. Determining that a video is fake is just another negative fact, not a vitriolic attack. It doesn't matter to me whether the funding skyrockets. Everyone is welcome to make their own decision. @Stephanie: +1 for your comments. We have made our challenges, and they have promised to provide "real world" tests and get independent review. It seems pointless to keep up vitriolic attacks, until we see the results. If they provide "horse apples" then we can revoke our backing, or stay in for a dollar to watch the story unfold. Sadly it is fun for some to bait the bear! But have you observed the reaction of the silent majority? The backing seems to increase in due proportion to the attacks. @ Stephanie In update#8 the technical brief, the RF/DC Efficiency table shows EM Harvesting doesn't work under -20dBm environment. WeTag stated that under 10dBm home wifi environment, it takes only 15min to fully charged. However, a regular home wifi environment as most the backers tested at their home is around -50dBm to -30dBm.Actually it is also very difficult to find an E-M environment higher than -20dBm in the real world; Which means ifind can not harvesting any energy. And even it can, it will take thousands of hours to charge it. WeTag kept refusing answer question or provide how they get this “10dBm home wifi” environment. This is the reason why we get angry. Besides, as Len just said, the video they post is also a fake one. Stephanie: I think the problem is that when someone makes extraordinary claims (like WeTag) they should expect that people will demand extraordinary evidence. Philosophically (to me) there is no "extraordinary claim" because all this product is, is a piece of science and technology. It can be done, but at this point in time it runs counter to all established and known science "And when such claims are extraordinary, that is, revolutionary in their implications for established scientific generalizations already accumulated and verified, we must demand extraordinary proof." Marcello Truzzi Why is everyone getting to angry all of a sudden? They still have 23 days to provide more information and testing data later…so what's the problem? I honestly don't understand. @WeTag Based on your response to other important questions, you would likely say something devious and misleading (using words like edits and prototype I). I guess you value honesty so highly that you rarely use it. The bottom line is that the video shows a fake demonstration whether you say it or not. Btw, I never trust atoms either because they make up everything. @WeTag So you are saying that it is OK to show a fake video and to contravene KS guidelines and not to tell people upfront as long as you can get away with it. Your ethics standards are so low that you should be fired. @WeTag Edits are irrelevant. What we see is not a real demonstration. In other words, the video shows a simulation which is contrary to KS guidelines. The video is a fake and you are lying by not telling people. @WeTag Check out your video at 1:21, 2:15, and 2:21. There is no Bluetooth symbol beside the battery symbol on the phone. So not only do these tags work with no battery but they also work with Bluetooth turned off?? OR DID YOU LIE BY OMISSION AND THE DEMO IS A FAKE???? OOMMGG!!!! "It was tested in a set of real time circumstances." Please post those results - you know, like numbers and "test" parameters that you used. You used the word "tested" and that has a meaning. 24 days left. Please do not wait until day 23 to release "the set of tests that are coming up as per the requests from some of the backers." If the product works as stated you would want people to have time to review and digest your numbers. @WeTag "Actually that is part of the set of tests that are coming up as per the requests from some of the backers." This makes me think that it has never been tested outside of the perfect lab conditions. Now I'm beginning to have some doubts... Advertising a product before even knowing if it will work as described in the average home.... Nice.... @Creator at the project's timeplan there is no planning of the iOS and Android applications development and some of your stretchgoals are capabilities of apps. Also you should mention the minimum requirements to the phones at the faqs, for example Android 4.3 with Bluetooth 4.0. Has this product been tested outside of a lab environment (w/o advanced wifi/power transmitters) for purposes of energy harvesting to recharge an empty iFind storage/power bank? Perhaps a coffee shop or city park? Apologies if this has already been answered somewhere (I'm new) but I'm reading from a few comments that this product WILL need a charger somehow? How does that work--isn't it supposed to be battery-free? I'd really like to get a few of these…but now I'm getting confused. @Frederik Kølby Christensen oh, my... maybe sun radiation and X-ray in airport will help with that? First off, i want to say it is a brilliant idea, and one i've been looking for! I do have, one small concern; as most people know, the policies for electromagnetic devices such as phones or computers are quite strict when travelling on an airplane. How does the iFind fit into this? Especially during take-off and landing? Frederik Christensen @Len: I have no affiliations whatever with WeTag, and have criticized their project handling roundly. Now I am waiting for their responses, with cautious optimism. If I don't like the response I will bail out. @Roger It appears that you and I are here for different reasons. I am not here to be a vicarious part of the project team. All of your comments are fine, but the reality is that a competent team would have either covered the bases before the KS launch or they would have shown us the necessary steps and risks up front. I am only here to assess the likelihood of the project achieving its claims so that I can pledge accordingly. As I see it, the negatives now far outweigh the positives. In addition, the project appears to be contravening the KS guidelines. It would be great if the project team could prove otherwise, but it is not looking good. Of course, this is just my opinion. I do respect that your opinion is different. @Roger, @Jim Agreed, having a reputable third party test this device in a residential environment is really the only way to move forward. More convincing than a 'test video', and avoids having WeTag divulge any secrets. The crux of the problem is that the FCC limits radiated power from *any* household device to less than -42dBm, which is about 1000x too low to run the iFind. The harvesting chips discussed here usually operate near RFID coils in property control tag applications, which can operate well above FCC residential limits.. The numbers quoted so far seem to describe RFID environments. @Jim: Yes I read the TI papers at great length. That is why I said that power management and BLE usage are proven, but we need some answers from WeTag on the energy collection side. Until they provide that, and arrange a 3rd party review, further speculation is fairly useless. @Roger - did you read the TI link? It's was on harvesting light/solar energy to power BLE. Also, the solar panel was at least 2 INCHES long. Even if this tag was using solar power, the solar cell would need to be at least as big. Or perhaps there was another TI link that I missed? I would love for this project to succeed, but at this point I need to see photos of the hardware/prototype, even if it's blurred a bit for secrets. Also external credible references that state this energy harvesting at this small form factor is possible to power BLE. If this was possible and available, I'd get a box of them and rig them together to power my phone or something. :) Is anyone else bored to death by the repetitive negativity and repelled by the disgraceful personal attacks? Thanks to the TI links we see that the power management and BLE features are proven. We have challenged WeTag to produce some credible charging statistics / scenarios to complete the picture, and they have promised to do so. Please reserve judgement until they reply. Above all please stop the ****. @Sam and others If you are not aware, there is a button on the home page of each project home page that is titled "Report this project to Kickstarter". @Jeffrey Yes, that is to say. The kind of prototype WeTag made is possible and not difficult to do. It doesn't need "patent pending", or "four or five years of research", or "DOE funding". It just needs a little research, buy evaluation modules and modify them, probably a month of work. The problem is this prototype won't work as they advertised - home wifi, cell phone signal doesn't have enough strength to charge it. Unless they provide a wireless charger which can feed 10dBm power directly to the tag, it just won't work. This project is a SCAM and a marketing hype. It should be suspended. @Jeffrey Price Excellent. Now that is what critical thinking should be like. @Asterix There is a comment from you that I really like - "I am done talking" - although it only took 10 minutes for you to change your mind. Asterix, the product dimensions do not allow for any supercap on your page to work at the proper voltage or charge level. @Mohammed, thanks for the link. I'll check it out. @Asterix, you might want to check out the GoPlug if you haven't already, since you mentioned you go backpacking and what not. +1 @Asterix. I am done talking as this forum is overtaken by trolls who are jobless and waste other's time by posting drivel which are neither useful or helpful. I don't think anything constructive can be done here. I am just going to shut up from now on. At this point, WeTag already looks like a project which should be suspended by Kickstarter: — Misrepresentation or failure to disclose relevant facts about the project or its creator — A party related to the creator is posing as an independent, supportive party in project comments or elsewhere @Billy, a power bank to charge cell phone and acts as a RF transmitter. @Asterix a charger for backpacking? i think you need find a way to charge your phone first. Thats silly and not science at all! @Jian, a charger is needed for people who want and for example if I go backpacking for a week I can use the charger mat to provide rf energy since it's scarce in a campsite. @Jeffrey I am on the same boat with you.. I read about it from hackaday and become very interested. then backed $1 to receive updates. Here I am trying to figure out how big the scam is.. The implementation of the design to match equivalent performance WeTag has posted looks reasonable - this indicates that they probably have a prototype already. It is not difficult to do. The problem is the 10dBm. That is to say, the kind of prototype they have won't work as what they claimed and advertised. I meant WeTag is lying about a lot of things. This is a marketing hype. They may have a prototype but they need a wireless charger to make it work. @Jeffrey, here is a super capacitor. <url>"Charge" button in iFind app ;-) It looks like that we all want to see this thing work....;-) Sam. You just joined Kickstarter today. This is your very first project. Are you a plant? What do you base your comment on and what freakin super capacitor will fit in this form factor? And what is the recharge value for that tiny super cap? PCC110/PCC210 + CC2541 + supercap or similar will give you a iFind like tag with a reasonable cost. - no battery, harvests RF energy (negligible in home wifi environment) Then we need a cheap charger solution to charge the supercap. Minimum R&D is required. Doesn't look like a patent pending thing. Maybe there's something special in the firmware. OMG! You people are amazing in how self deluding you can be. Jian, your paper says harvesting is possible and to prove it they used a microwave transmitter. You have one in your house? Asterix: the second project you Kickstarted was a tag. You reported it was DOA. But this magic pony device is good to go in your opinion? I have read 4 peer reviewed papers on this subject today and each says that the key is the antenna. Now I understand the engineers who have said that there must be an antenna at least 3.2 meters. Or you need a slightly smaller antenna (1 m) and a capacitor that cannot fit in the space available. This project is absolute horse crap. I'm going to leave my $1 in just so I can read the BS updates and comments when this thing circles the technology toilet. Oh, complain all you want about how I'm a selfish, biased person who should just cancel my pledge and leave. Sorry, I really want to do the "I told you so" in the end. This is the technology version of the visionneere fountain pen fiasco. There you could not produce a fountain pen that worked for such a small price. Here, you just cannot create an entirely new industry using voodoo and a CEO with no technical background. There is NO verifiable science here. None. Not one paper by anyone on this team. No peer reviewed work. Think people, is that science? Is that how the world works? Some people in Plano Texas come up with a scientific breakthrough that no other lab has even come close to creating? Really? Don't tell me how you "feel" this could work. Show me the science that demonstrates it can be done the way they say they are doing it. I admit that the theory exists. I admit that there have been highly controlled experiments that demonstrate this idea is possible. But there is no evidence out there at all that says this can be done even close to the way they say in their form factor. Cold fusion is a theoretical possibility. But it is not feasible in real world applications. This is not feasible either. Show me the science and I'll shut up and apologize to the We Tag folks. Until then this is complete and utter bullsh!t and worthy of PT Barnum. 25 days and counting, looking for backup from We Tag. Sorry I was just trying to figuring things out myself to see if it is reasonable to reach $14. Now it looks like the answer is yes, it makes a lot of sense. R&D cost can be low, too. Because powercast corp provides evaluation modules and supporting documents. Adding a charger may clear things up - that appears to be a good decision. Sorry about the price estimation. PCC110/PCC210 chip set from Powercast Corporation actually has very low price. <url> High conversion efficiency, up to 75%  Converts low-level RF signals enabling long range applications  Wide RF operating range: -17dBm to +20dBm  Wide Frequency range: 100MHz to 6GHz  Harvests from all modulation types  Interoperable with numerous RF sources: Powercast TX91501 series transmitter, RFID readers, Wi-Fi routers, etc.  SC-70 package  RoHS compliant Looks like a good candidate for products like iFind. Mouser price is $1.14 at 3000 units. If the units hit more than 10000, the price will be much lower than $1.14. That gives enough margin for a charger. @ WeTag No charger please. Impress the world by what you said at the first time. "iFind - The World's First Battery-Free Item Locating Tag" @ WeTag WOW! "The charger is only a discussion and would have to be an accessory later. That is a major decision" How does this go with the "iFind - The World's First Battery-Free Item Locating Tag"? Still NOT A SCAM? <url>— Misrepresentation of support, through self-pledging — Misrepresentation or failure to disclose relevant facts about the project or its creator — The creator provides inaccurate or incomplete user information to Kickstarter or one of our partners — The characteristics of the creator account overlap with the characteristics of backer accounts that pledged to their project — A party related to the creator is posing as an independent, supportive party in project comments or elsewhere — The creator is presenting someone else’s work as their own — The creator is offering purchased items, claiming to have made them @Jian H It's probably difficult for WeTag to ship a charger with the tags. $14 is the price. We'd probably pay extra money if that is the case, and probably extra shipping fee. Why do we need a charger? Isn't the major feature of iFind that the tag can be charged AUTOMATICALLY in any normal home environment? If I have a key to my second car I drive only once or twice a month, will I be supposed to put that key on or near the charger? If so, why do I still need a iFind? IMHO, if a charge comes into the picture in any way, shape, or form, this becomes a totally different product. There are way too many comments being posted every day. What is the verdict on the battery recharge system. Can someone get me up to date. I would rather not read over a hundred comments +1 for the key stand. Call it the Power Tower! @Asterix I like the key stand idea :) I'd like to buy a Powercaster transmitter ( if not too expensive ) myself and then back a iFind tag. Hope they will work together like perfect. Oh, ok I hope so, there's a whole barrage of comments, its kind of hard to keep track. @ Miike It has been requested. It will be posted in due time in accordance to WeTag. right :) ? Is it too much to ask for a video of a working tag? At least give us that. @Jian H, nice link. Thanks. @Sam I had asked @Creators whether they can provide a charger as well that is tuned to their frequencies. I am ok with that as I can modify it as a key stand to place on it as I come home. @The JJ I am excited, too:) Hmm... if you don't mind questions: Tile has produced a battery-free item location tag, but they haven't shipped, so it may be unfair, but what's the difference between this and Tile? Does this support iBeacon? Are you going to release an SDK? @Sam Johnson yes! It looks impressive! I still just have a birds eye view of the tech as this not my field. What I find fascinating is that the video demo is already 2 years old. In the tech world that is equivalent to at least 20 human years :). So Wet Tag could very well be sitting on the micro version of this tech, the "Holy Grail" ! All that is left is implementation! I agree. Good chip :) @Jian H Thank you for the sharing :) @WeTag @Asterix Speaking of firmware, when you say that buzzer loudness is "Programmable up to 95dB. It can be adjusted in the firmware." Does it mean that firmware updates / custom HW settings can be made by the user using bluetooth, or does it mean before the chip is sealed into the iFind? For anyone who is interested in the technical feasibility, here is a good paper describing a 2.4Ghz band energy harvesting system that is capable of harvesting 55uW power for a wireless temperature and humidity sensor. Its power harvesting rate is actually close to what iFind needs. As shown in Fig.16 in the paper, in order to get that kind of harvesting rate, an EIRP (i.e. the power transmitted from the antenna) of 32W (i.e. 45dBm) is needed for the distance less than 5m. <url>"flat". � @Len, don't see the point in your comments. You can be supportive and advise them in a positive manner which would be helpful. Or get out which would be helpful as well. You are doing neither which is strange as one would think one would value their and other's time. @Jeffrey Price @ Ollie Heaviside Thank you for your insightful comments. My initial excitement for this project has quickly soured because of the lack of sound evidence. Although there are still 25 days to go in the campaign, a credible startup company would have understood that sound evidence was more important than good marketing from the beginning of the campaign. As their timeline indicates, flex circuit production is supposed to be underway at this time. There’s a simpler way to describe the looming power problem that concerns everyone. The FCC limits radiated power from *any* household device to less than -42dBm. Let’s assume you had *three* devices in your house that are continuously transmitting, at the max allowed -42dBm level. These three sources add to about -39dBm... which is more than a factor of *a thousand* below the assumptions for received power in the released tech notes. Other sources such as FM, TV, and cellphone towers are far weaker than -42dBm once inside the house (typ -60 to -90dBm) so they couldn’t add noticeably. A video of a tag beeping and cool features won’t address the massive power problem. Even detailed descriptions of the secret circuit wouldn’t be useful, since no circuit can supply more energy than it consumes.. The only way to prove this is a real product is to have a reputable, disinterested, test lab evaluate the actual performance of the device. Anything else is smoke and mirrors. The amount of comments are getting a little out of hand. I've tried to read them all, most of them are asking the same questions. There is still 25 days lefts, give them time to answer all the questions. The only risk really is for the creators, they know everyone will pull out if they don't supply us with suitable evidence/working prototype. Some people are talking like they've already paid. The last project I backed was successful and only had 176 comments. I kinda feel sorry for the creators. :S @Creators, great! Looking forward to the update. Also consider a third party review of your technology under NDA. Expect historical peak total pledges today over $25k Also congrats to the team on $300k milestone Amazing project despite lack of information @Creator At this point, like most other backers, I haven't been convinced by the info provided by WeTag. Please give us correct info in your next update, especially in the areas below: 1. The realistic power density of the RF signal that is harvested by iFind in various scenarios -- As others pointed out, the 10dBm is not obtainable in normal home settings for Wi-Fi. If the RF also includes the bluetooth signal transmitted by the mobile phone that runs iFind app, 10dBm is only possible when the iFind is less than 1m away from the phone and the bluetooth singal is transmitted in the strength of Class 1. In most situation the RF power density is much lower than 10dBm even when you consider both 2.4G and 5.8G bans around us. 2. The real antenna performance -- By my rough estimated with the charging time in your recent technical update, the antenna you used is truly a magic. It has an effective area of 1.5 square meter. This is just simply not possible as the antenna gain would be around 30dBi. Non edited video of prototype working also please. @ We Tag: Please give us a firm date when you will tell us typical real world charging times, or at least a progress report. How about Monday 8th June? You stuck to your promise last time, and I honour you for that. We really, really want your project to succeed, just give us enough hard facts to gain credibility. Notice that no-one is questioning energy usage any more, you did a good job on that. @Robert Do you have some suggested magazines or tech blogs? EEVlog sounds like a good one? David Jones has run kickstarter projects himself. I saw someone reported this project to Kickstarter? Kickstarter can't judge if the technology works. It can only judge if this project follows the project guidelines. Unless there is a independent test executed (I suggested a tech mag/blog before) the discussion won't stop. And even then we just have to have faith if we get working products. I have been burnt before on Kickstarter (project funded, but no product delivery), but that is how it works. Part of the process are the (valid) questions of the backers. That's also Kickstarter. I also understand that patents are filed, but there even aren't filing nunbers available? I really don't know how the patent system works, but you can't even check if a patent is filed (without the disclosure of the technology)? is it a piezo type buzzer? @WeTag, how many decibels is the buzzer? $1 Until you demonstrate some rational explanation (like the patent you have pending or 3d party reviews) that's all you get. This has all the makings of a classic scam. Low price, cute idea, and has NEVER, EVER, EVER BEEN DONE BEFORE. Nobody has ever demonstrated this technology in a setting outside of a controlled lab environment. Maybe I missed something in the updates, or the home page, or the comments. But I don't think so. You propose to harvest waste energy using a tag that is less than the size of a quarter, but can hold a charge for days, discharge an audio signal, and contains no battery or need for a charge. Seriously, that is Nobel Prize type stuff. But you have no prototype, no app and no working model. You say you have "patent pending" products, so I suppose you must have a patent application number at the very least. Do you? There must be scientific peer reviewed papers out there that were written by someone on staff, or who is a consultant to your company. Can you provide the literature? I like the idea. If it exists as more than a dream, I will be happy to back at the top level. But really, isn't this what we are all warned about? If it seems too good to be true, it probably isn't. This is not an attack, but when you are promising something that has never been done you must expect skeptics to appear and question the science. Amazing to have no batteries - say can you also have tags function as iBeacon Bluetooth triggers? That's a massive new market @Creator Okay - makes more sense to ask - what is the maximum size that can be used? sorry - 1-2 cm diameter @Creator Enough to clip it onto a dog collar securely. Maybe between a 2cm diameter , I am not so sure about numbers - but something towards a medium to large standard key ring. I am excited ... I ordered 4, luckily I don't think I'll need to find more items than that...at least until I find other uses. The fact that you don't need to replace a battery is huge... I love that you have more backers than "small minded naysayers". Some people just want to "think" that degrading a new idea makes them "appear" intelligent when it does just the opposite... Power to the people :-) @Creator Will the hole be large enough to accommodate a large key ring holder? -- Backed -- I think you have something amazing here and I can see myself buying more in the future, keep up the good work guys.. I hope to see these in stores soon. Can these be engraved? Would go well on my dogs collar. Maybe a bone shape ifind tag..... I am uncertain about the right to silence anyone. Questioning the legitimacy of a company is just as essential as questioning the technology. The person commenting may not have the right approach or even enough projects backed to be so accusatory in tone, but not everyone should be rendered irrelevant or a "troll" because they question. It is part of the KS experience and the right of all backers, as long as they are " respectful and considerate". One comment, (albeit this time lacking any tact), could yield a quality response from the creator. Backers do not come with a license to silence other backers. The creator is the moderator and is ultimately responsible for the tome of the comments, their own transparency and honesty and ultimately to show the "proof in the pudding". The project has gained momentum with almost 5500 backers, and I have seen things turn around in heartbeat. @Creator - 26 days is a long time, but backers need security in your ability to do what you claim you can do. The sooner the better. As simple as that. @bruce Right!!! Just Backed. Some of the comments on here have been just silly. @WeTag you've done well to deal with them! @Creator I think you can pay more attention to the comments from folks like Miike and emc2cube. There are folks whose goals aren't making much sense. Sometimes it looks as if they have backed project for more than hundreds of dollars, but then in some comments, they simply want to fail you and stop others from backing the project. They sound like a professor who tries to prove cheating in finals. They want to fail you. So, ignore those folks. They aren't gonna stop. I am more pleased if your team spend your time on your project. Look forward to your answers, and we need them in 25 days. Good luck. +1 for working prototype demo before funding completes. I'll probably back out on the last day if no there's video. Calm down, guys. @WeTag So far you did a good job answering many (but not all) of the technical questions you've got. From now on you may want to stop feeding the trolls for all non really constructive questions. The simplest way to answer everyone concerns is to focus on the realization of a video featuring a working prototype, as requested by many (and by KS rules) and/or to get in contact with a well known and respected tech site (Engadget or other) so they can test it. And of course this have to be done BEFORE the end of the funding period, as you already agreed. You still have 26 days to go, still the sooner the better, it will attract more people to your project, and will avoid last minute pledge cancelations. Many people, myself included, will probably cancel their pledge if they are not confident enough in the success of a project. It's often better to pay $20 when a product is out than $14 on a low confidence bet). It would also be wise to release an update for the reached $250k goal, with pictures of the new colors. I would also suggest you to maybe add a few steps before the $500k mark (which is a software feature that should be present by default, as already stated). Finally, as you are now funded, and to reflect the timeline on the project page, you should already be in the middle of the "Flex circuit" housing and packaging production. I guess one of your next update should be about that? Now it's time to focus! :) I think I lack respect these conversations, just saw it unnecessary discussions so far. It's Bothers me a lot. @WeTag You must maintain professionalism and not be questioning others, you put more "fire in the fire". @WeTag Based on your defensiveness, I also assume that you (Customer Service) are Wanda Klimek - the president of WeTag. To answer your question, it is very unusual for a company that is promoting "breakthrough" technology to have a president whose most recent employment has been as a self-employed health care provider and a regional director for Zone of Natural Remedies. I am a potential buyer, not a seller. The only qualification that you need from me is money. What I need from you is honesty and sound evidence. @Len That's prejudice, by having a woman in charge and to be involved in another company, you can not judge a person for these reasons. @WeTag - I think his point is that there could be a reason to value someone with experience selling and marketing products/services that do not live up to their claims. ;o) A professional brand ambassador would not engage this type of commenter. @WeTag Thank you for confirming that your president's most recent employment has been as a self-employed health care provider and a regional director for Zone of Natural Remedies. It's relevance is up to each individual backer. @WeTag Can you confirm that your president's most recent employment has been as a self-employed health care provider and a regional director for Zone of Natural Remedies? @all the engineers and those in the know Don't stop asking, no matter if you have 5 or 25 yrs of experience. We need you! You are the ones who will coax the information needed, to bring to light the oversights of us who come from other backgrounds. Don't let up, ask away, charts numbers etc. If this was a film, I would have a million questions! So kudos to all of you who are protecting your investment, and mine :)! THANX! @WeTag Since your company has no track record, I would also like to understand the qualifications of your president - Wanda Klimek. Specifically, what is her education and most recent employer? @WeTag could you please provide the following informations (maybe also at the faq): -temperature range (while discharge influence is negligible) -practical water resistance by test: For example how many survive within a pit of water about 2 inches depth for 2 days ? -buzzer loudness in dezibel, phone or sone or a practical comparison I wonder how tough against bending and pressure this super thin device would be ? Monitor here: <url>"in everyday environment, the Wi-Fi transmitters, cell-phone antennas, TV masts, and so on will keep it charged, so it will never die". Also, contrary to KS guidelines, the video appears to be a simulation that does not show the performance of an actual electronic prototype. No matter what the outcome is, an investigation can only help reduce risk for all of the backers. @Kuo Chin Ni 38$ if you don't live in the USA WeTag, answers can be simpler. You are overloading the comments, too. @roger +1 exactly. The money and demand is here so let's see that the supply is up to par. @ollie. Fair enough. I'm not going to argue over something this silly. But you gotta agree that some comments are from people that don't fully understand the idea and THOSE are the ones that are overloading the comments. Truce?? Btws. I'm great with smith charts ;) @creator. Thanks. There are over 600 comments and they are hard to follow. I like everyone else wants to make sure our money isn't lost and honestly I think you guys have something sweet here. Can't wait to see a fully functioning unit on here ASAP I am an early bird, what is the total pledge amount about 2 ifind? Is 28 right? @Levi To be clear, you called us 'wanna be' engineers. I asked a question to challenge your qualifications to do so. @ WeTag: My request for no more slagging meant you also! Cool It! Can you give us an idea, tomorrow, of how you plan to address our unanswered questions about harvesting energy in an average home? @ollie no offense. You did do the same thing to me assuming I was not educated. Attacks don't help nor does attacking a team's research without having all the data. Can we all just relax and give the team some time to address everyone's questions. I think we are missing key questions and comments with all the spam, fighting, and seeing who is smarter than the other. Hey you guys, please don't let this degenerate into a slagging off match. We have questioned their figures, and they have acknowledged that they need to review their numbers. Please let us give them a few days to come back with a review of how charging will work in an "average" household. i.e. not sitting next to a cell mast or other extraordinary power source. This is an exciting project, and we have 27 days to decide if it is worth backing. @Wes Yanon Are you part of WeTag team, too? Again, just a bold guess and no offense. Yes, I am a part of every kickstarter team I pledge. @Asterix Ad Hominem attacks are neither effective nor necessary in this forum. @Asterix A bold guess - you must be part of the WeTag team. SAD for yours. No offensive if I am wrong. This is good!!! Ask for data and make fun of it when they provide it. Remember that it's a work in progress. It's easy to find holes. I urge each one of you to start a campaign and do something useful instead of critiquing others works. Being an armchair anything is easy! @Ollie, sad that 23 years of RF experience did not teach humility!!! Such a shame!! @ollie congrats on your degree. No offense but I'll bet that's not everyone commenting has your back ground. Heck I'm with you I plan to give them time if they don't give me some working evidence then I'll cancel but I've got 20 something days to do that. Btw while I don't have your background I am an engineering major, so try not to belittle people. Somewhere in the comments below they say they were making changes to their prototype to add some suggested functions. I guess they do have?? But they are not willing to show the circuit board because of IP applications. @Andrew Don't the Kickstarter rules require a working prototype first? @WeTag At what stage are you in for developing a prototype? Would one be ready before the project ends? @Ollie I am pretty sure that in my house, it measures around 2-5 dBm. My router has a 200mW power setting. @Dan True, the only risk here is your pledge amount. ;> I'm definitely in "group 3" as another backer described it earlier- I've got a technical background but I'm not demanding immediate proof of calculations etc...I tend to look at things holistically and based on what I'm reading in comments as well as responses, I feel like a big part of wetag's IP (and I believe others have mentioned this too) is the additional ways they are harvesting energy other than the wifi example everyone seems so focussed on. My job requires me to think out of the box and sometimes no matter how unlikely or impossible it seems, we're able to find a really slick solution. Perhaps they've come up with a truly novel way of harvesting residual energy from household AC? Yes I know it's super low frequency but who knows? Maybe it's something else no one has even thought of...regardless I think there's zero risk in waiting one month to see how this shakes out... @WeTag Unfortunately there won't be anything close to 0dBm in a normal household. Here's an actual survey of nearby wireless links using NetStumbler: <url>’s a fatal problem with the assumption in Figure 1: “Note that when the input power is around +10dBm, which is typical for home WiFi…” A very strong wifi signal is about -60dBm (5 bars) and a weak one is -110dBm (1 bar.) Your +10dBm assumption is more than *a million* times stronger than a real signal giving 5 bars! I’ve been a radio-frequency engineer for 23 years, but don’t take my word for this. Here’s a good writeup explaining real signal strength: <url>– The Tag as described will never come close to working off wifi signals. Real, credible home wifi strength is more than a million times weaker than The +10dBm assumption in the WeTag tech docs. There's plenty of sources that confirm real-world signal strengths. The Tag will require a battery or some other substantial source of replaceable power to actually work. Wifi devices need those sophisticated antennas and high gain amplifiers for a reason... (2 bars is a *millionth* of a *millionth* of a watt!) @Len, what i have stated was merely a suggestion. WeTag will not implement wireless charging in the iFind. Although i believe my idea is brilliant. @Filipe Based on the data shown in Update #8, WeTag now agrees that the tags will have to be recharged with a wireless charger every month. This may or may not concern you. I do not understand why so much discussion, someone could summarize? Should I be concerned? @the JJ Agreed. Let's see. @ Billy Docxwolf Hi! I'm no expert. I leave that to some of other "techies" that know how to evaluate the data properly. I just require the security that any reasonable project backer needs; requests, clarifications, that additional information is met in a timely manner with the utmost transparency by WeTag . Without a lot of fuss, radio silence, loss of objectivity etc. Whether this project is legitimate or not is ultimately a question of trust, a leap of faith one makes in order to part with your hard earned money. I really don'y know what the various "episodes" below are about. Should I be concerned? Do I have cause for concern? Has WeTag themselves dropped the ball yet? With 27 days left to go, we can all play an evaluative role in this project and in one way or another reduce the risk by asking questions, probing, and keeping the creator aware of our intent to be vigilant throughout the process. ...and of course support them, until there is a good reason not to.... is this becoming a spam wall? I'm having a hard time keeping up with relevant/irrelevant information. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. There is one new story everyday now. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. If e v e r y b o d y would just ignore the MS situation and not rise to the bait I think the postings will diminish. I know it might be hard people but let's see if we can do it!! Shhhh not a single word!! Hi the JJ, take a look at the comments below update#8. The data they posted are still questionable. @WeTag I believe that we are all in agreement (at least most - those vocalizing) - that your rep was based on: A) Meeting the date on the update B) Providing the info as promised C) Continuing to be transparent and communicative by answering questions You nailed it! A single individual should not be able to sway public opinion - as convoluted as it may all sound. We are "backers" - its in the word...."we got your back"...... Keep up the good work! @ WeTag In my opinion I was simply defending myself from comments that came from Joshua - to which you said "thank you” haha It is obvious that you don’t mind people being rude, just as long as it’s to your advantage and supporting your actions. In regards to taking this issue offline, it has been for weeks and even still is today. Unfortunately nobody from WeTag are addressing this issue offline. But you already knew that. Buahaha, that's my passport photo...lmao Yes, I think it's okay. You have parted with no money to "WeTag", they have explained the error. It's time to let it go. Anyway, I will cease and desist as per WeTag's request here. @wetag- awesome update! You guys have been SO responsive so far in this campaign to all your supporters' questions. I don't think anyone is concerned with @michael smith's "problems" with his "order." I wish he would take his issues offline. They clearly sound like someone who is trying to intentionally derail the positive traction and quite honestly, he's not even doing a good job- his explanation has so many holes in it and he is overly defensive despite your repeated attempts to reason. Congratulations on hitting your 250 stretch goal! Can you explain the titanium, silver colors or provide photos? Are these a Pantone grayish (flat) color, some color with reflective properties to mimic metal or are these colors actually some kind of metal (housing becoming the antennae)? @WeTag Please point out my disrespect for other customers??? Your remarks in relation to our correspondence are lies. Please post the email thread for all of your other customers to see - as you threatened to do so previously. Engaging in a discussion that involves me will only drag the matter out for as long as it takes you to adequately address it. These comments that support poor customer service coming from the guys with photo shopped photos on white backgrounds are very suspicious. Why are they addressing my comments for WeTag and not WeTag themselves? There is more information within private emails that you are not privy to, Joshua Akonom. I have been told to pay for my order by bank payment with my order number as a reference number. Atlas has told me that I can make this payment into his business account with Chase in Plano, Texas. For the last few weeks I have been messed around by simply trying to follow WeTag instructions. And you think that’s okay, Joshua Akonom? @Joshua +1. @Michael Smith, good luck next time. @WeTag, I'm off to bed, no need to study after a great update!! @Mohammed - they do look good but unfortunately none have been sent out yet. Last update was asking if we care they're 0.15mm thicker than advertised. Gotta love kickstarter :) WeTag never took your money. Orders get cancelled all the time, especially orders placed on a website that you WEREN'T supposed to have access to. I have placed orders on websites only to find out later that they chose to cancel the order and they are not obligated to do anything about it since, guess what, THEY NEVER TOOK YOUR MONEY. So as far as you setting up some company to work as a mailbox for you before the funds for the order you placed were even taken out of your account is sheer jumping the gun. The reality of this situation, Michael, and you know it to completely true is that you are just frustrated that the fleece you thought was happening didn't come to fruition. Just accept that you not only got over zealous and jumped the gun by setting up a third party shipper, you also are upset in the fact that you can't get away with ripping a company off. Life's rules weren't made to support your happiness, and in fairness a company can cancel an order WHENEVER they want. They have no obligation to reimburse you anything for cancel an order other than money that they took from you (which never happened). @WeTag don't give this guy a cent...anything he did other than placing an order with you is on him, not your company. @Roger was very instrumental in insisting for this update. @Creators, I will make sure to point out your update as a model. @Russell, oh, i thought you already got them, it really looks nice. they are charging $299 for pre-ordering, way too much! @WeTag Should I just keep waiting for you to get a level head ready for rational thinking? You've had the opportunity to “discuss” for weeks now. Just do everything that you’ve already made the commitment to do and I’ll be happy. Too much to ask? @Mohammed - CST-01 heh - I wonder how long we'll have to wait. I don't mind the delay, but I do wish they'd communicate more. Great looking watch though, I don't currently wear one. @WeTag, i know, haha. Answering your old question, its not an exam, its for an assignment, cant really imagine how many hours i need to spend to study for the final exam (took me 15 hours straight for the midterm). @Russell, thank you. off topic question for you, how do you like your CST-01? very interesting product! @WeTag, I really don't mean to be 'prodding'. I try to ask all the questions of relevance though. @Creator - thank you too :) This could be an awesome product! @WeTag "If you would like, we are more than okay to share the whole email thread with KS public." ... Idle threat? Please, show your customers how they can expect to be treated when WeTag do not wish to take responsibility for their errors. @Creator - Spot on, yes. Thanks Roger, JJ et al too! I've shared a few projects with all these backers and marvel at their knowledge. @Asterix @Mohammed - you guys are awesome, thanks for asking all the relevant questions. LoL!!! Great answer! :) I love technical details! I'm glad you guys are so responsive! No saw the little situation you guys were having below, seems to me someone is envious of you guys and just wants you guys to burn. Your constant responsiveness to anyone's questions surely shows what we can expect in terms of customer support in the future! @Creators, curious about the knee in efficiency between 2dBm and 10dBm. Looks like a saturation and then a kick in of a second stage. oops!! my apologies, I've been studying for 6 hours straight, I'm exhausted! @creators, thanks for the update. Good technical content. Answers all my questions. Highly appreciated @Mohammed, the charge time depends on input power. The writing is pointing to the far right of the plot. @WeTag "If you would like, we are more than okay to share the whole email thread with KS public." Please do. Great update!! glad to have backed this project!! one issue i have is reading the "Charge Time from Empty" Graph. the Y-axis indicates hours'. The first time i read the graph, i assumed it will take between 20hours and 120hours to charge the unit. but when i read the comment below, it indicated that Series 1 will take 1.5 hours to charge, while Series 2 will take 15 minutes to charge. in either case, there is an error. the graph scale is wrong, or the explanation under the graph is wrong. Please clarify. thanks. @ Mohammed Issa The only reason why we are discussing this matter publicly is because WeTag refuse to adequately reply to my private emails. KickStarter supporters can expect to be treated the same way after future WeTag errors. @WeTag thank you for the acknowledgement. @WeTag, any news about that update? i know its hard to concentrate with issues like that one you are facing now. @Michael Smith. I am well aware of what the situation is from the comments below. i have read all of them. I understand that the 'sale' was made outside kickstarter, but you should have not got us involved in this if you cared about kickstarter projects in the first place. Clients and service providers have healthy conflicts on a normal basis. Had it not been for the conflicts encountered, we would not have the legal system protecting buyers/sellers. Therefore, what i was trying to say is, there is no need to publicize a small problem. you can resolve it privately with WeTag. @Mohammed Issa I’m not sure that you are following the situation here. I did not make my order through KickStarter. I made my order through WeTag’s website (with no reference to any KickStarter or funding campaign whatsoever). I am not expecting anything more than what WeTag have already offered me. They made me an offer through their website, I took them up on that offer and they then confirmed it. In relation to the third party shipping charges, WeTag have only said that they “would be willing to talk about covering that cost”, not “cover that cost”. But then again, WeTag had also told me that they would provide me with the details of their bank account with Chase in Plano. What WeTag do and what WeTag say are two different things. The issue is definitely public and I am more than happy to back up every claim that I have made. I have taken a screenshot of my order confirmation (which you can see below that WeTag have acknowledged) and I have emails from Atlas of WeTag that state the things that I have said that he has stated. What would you like to see? @Michael Smith, you should not be expecting more than what WeTag has already offered you; they said they will honour the cost the third party charged you. You are expected to help the company out (which is what kickstarter is all about), not try to take advantage of a situation you ran into. If i were in your shoes, i would suck it up and understand they were testing their website. You mentioned you are taking this publicly (by posting in the comments section), but you really didnt take anything publicly except for your allegations. if you want to take it publicly, you will have to provide all of your evidence that supports your case so we, the readers, see where you are coming from. If it looks too good to be true, then it usually is not true. Did you really think a company would sell their product that cheap? if they were cardboard cutouts they would probably cost more nowadays. be realistic. I am not defending WeTag here, but im just trying to share my thoughts. dont forget, kickstarter is about the backers' support. This is not eBay or Amazon, its a lot more than that. I was reading up on this issue online. I see that it depends on the TOS on the site. ##### "However, if the retailer has drafted its terms and conditions carefully – which Screwfix appears to have done – then, unless it has deliberately misled customers, it will usually be legally entitled to cancel the order right up to the point of delivery. Whether it chooses to do so is a question of public relations, not legal rights.” @Asterix The third party shipping company did not commit fraud. They charged me for creating an account with them - an account that I created for the sole purpose of providing a domestic shipping address for my order. The only company that has wronged me here is WeTag. @Michael if that is the case you should call your credit card company and file for fraudulent charges. They are usually very good in the US and refund your money ASAP. Hope you get it. Hmmm!!!, bizarre!! these last few posts. Hmmm!!!, bizarre!! these last few posts. @WeTag No, money has not been transferred from my account. You said that you would be providing me with your bank account details for your account in Plano, Texas in order to make the payment but you never did. As explained to you previously, I was informed during the checkout process that you are currently not shipping internationally and at that point invested money in a third party shipping company to complete my order. Being an unknowing test dummy for your test site has cost me money. @WeTag There was absolutely no evidence that your webpage was a test page. Everything was absolutely fully operationally from my end and seemed 100 percent legit. I made a complete order and then received a confirmation of my order from you with all of the order details including an order number. If asking for your bank account details is ridiculous than you should not have asked me to make a payment into your bank account without providing me with those details… not sure what a routing number is… never asked for that. You have never said that you would work with me on this issue. You have played dumb in relation to this issue up until the point where I have chosen to make this issue public knowledge. From that point, you have chosen to continually lie about what has occurred. Lying will not work for you, all of our communication has been recorded. Before the KickStarter campaign, WeTag were taking orders for their iFind tags through their website. WeTag DID NOT honour these orders! Haha @WeTag. Maybe if @Asterix got your job we will get that update sooner! @Jun, survey will be out after campaign and you can decide how to divide your money and select colors How do we choose our color for the backing? Is the iFind magnetic? Will being next to a strong magnet limit or hinder performance? If its not magnetic, maybe include a metal case option as a stretch goal? Just trying to think of other creative uses for this amazing product! I guess this is crunchtime everyone. I'm hoping for great detail and transparency. ok. thanks. oh, really? that's interesting :) Not sure if you can do this or not, but I still want to ask - Can you post the specifications on kickstarter as well - at least copy and paste the key numbers? I am not expecting only a link to your blog. Because I'm afraid websites will change and one year from now the link won't work any more. We know this project from kickstarter, and I hope I can find all original specifications on kickstarter as well. Thank you. Thank you. Can we expect the specifications by the end of today? as you promised. Are you going to manufacture the tags in Texas or in Shenzhen, China? Hello, I live in Plano, TX. Do you have a physical site here? I am curious and asking to see if I can visit you. Thanks. Thanks for listening! We are all expecting some hard facts (numbers) on what usage we can expect! Please do not disappoint us. Weall know the device harvests small amounts of stray energy and stuffs it in temporary storage until called for, so we are not expecting the Tags to work for unlimited times before needing recharging. Just tell us what to expect. If it only responds to one Find request and then needs 24 hours to recover, then say so. I guess most of us would still back you anyway as pioneers! Most importantly, we would not be screaming blue murder later on. @ WeTag: I agree 100% with Asterix, The JJ, Mohammed, and Colby. Please use the Kickstarter Update mechanism. That way all current 4700+ backers get informed, and new backers find the info easily also. The way that you present the details is not so important, as long as we can read it and find all the expected details clearly laid out. TIL iFind has a website where they post info. I consider myself a normal backer, and I never visit a creator's website. You can post stuff there as well if you want, but any info about the iFind should be posted here, or the majority of people that should see it won't see it. @weTag, just as long we get an email from KS stating a new update from WeTag is good enough. not everybody reads comments to follow-up. and if you have the full update in the actual KS 'update' it will make it a lot easier for all of us, 4,740ish backers. Unfortunately yes :) After 28 projects (on KS alone) it seems patience and tolerance levels flat line! Since you guys are # 28 - we will keep you "on the straight and narrow"! I am sure a complete KS update - with pdf links to more complex items is acceptable. I hope I am the voice of reason for other backers. Feel free to jump in anytime! BTW - I will follow your Blog in time, just cuz I like you guys! Keep it transparent and honest and this could shape up to be the best KS project ever! Pressure is on!!! :) @WeTag I have to concur with Asterix. On many projects this has been a battle with the creators. I am logging into a Kickstarter project - while in my profile I have multiple projects running. Could you imagine having to go to 20 different websites just to get fully updated. There is an official update mechanism on KS, and an unofficial backer preference that all updates are done through the site we initially funded from. It is also my right not to travel to second party sites to receive an update I deserve. IT may be for privacy / cookie reasons - or like I said earlier - i don't want to open 20 tabs! KS tracks activity / messages / updates. You want to maintain a blog, that of course is truly your purgative outside your KS obligations. In short - the best project updating methods are those that may want to carry on a Blog / website - but pay respect their backers and use the mechanism provided in KS. They do double duty for exposure but are totally covered. I support Asterix in this and to all who feel like this is a more just way of handling the project updates. Sorry if I sound harsh, but KS bad experiences are piling up high and a line in the sand has to be drawn. If Project creators from this point on wards have to pay for the "sins of their fathers", so be it. I is my hard earned money that I am entrusting, us backers truly feel like we deserve more. Thank-you! That's not a preferred way IMHO. I would like to read the updates here in my email and not want to go to your site. @WeTag, I'm guessing your long awaited update will be today? If I switch off my mobile device for few days, may I still able to find back my ifind when switch on my mobile? Thanks everyone for enjoying my post :) Silver is usually silver, titanium is usually grey. I guess grey is basically a darker silver, but the distinction is important. I don't know the exact shade they'll go with, but I have confidence they will update the page with a sample soon. Getting back to people's concerns, I'd like to add my voice to the people that want more proof this tag does what you claim. There is still a long time left in the campaign, and I can wait, but the earlier it's provided, the more backers you'll get. And if I'm not satisfied before the end, I will be canceling my pledge. This product really is so perfect and awesome it feels too good to be true for some of us. When we hit the goal will you post a picture of the new colors for us to see? In the level 3 stretch goal isn't titanium and silver basically the same color? @Kevin they will send out a backer kit to get the correct shipping info after the project is complete. Thanks for developing this product! The only thing that I'll be losing from now on is my mind at how awesome this product is. If only i had this yesterday before I lost my keys and was homeless for one night. When do we specify shipping locations? @Colby, I thought of the same and searched for the place and I kept getting thrash bin photos :) And Colby, you are such a gentleman for comparing me to a 10-year-old girl! I'm so much passed that! :-) LOL Great one Colby! That will teach me to construct my sentences with greater care. I live near a village called Hundsheim (Dogs Home) but none have descended to Trashville. I was picturing some 10-year-old girl throwing it into a literal well in the town of Restmull, similar to people throwing in coins to make a wish. Thanks for the clarification :) For people who don't know German like me. Restmüll {noun} residual waste · non-recyclable trash · non-recyclable rubbish @Roger sharp, you are right. Electronics products need to be disposed off properly. Even of they are disposed off properly recycling them uses a lot of energy due to separation of all the metals and non metals. We need compostable PCBs and for components I can't even think of a solution. @WeTag: I only mentioned disposal, in case the iFind needed special handling. If it contains only the usual electronic components then it will follow the same route as computers, TVs, phones, etc. Here in Austria every town and village has a recycling centre, with a special bin for electronics. Marie-Andree would be dragged off to prison if she tossed the Tile in the "Restmull" Well - perhaps I exagerate! However, back to the point, all devices must come with disposal recommendations. Even if it just says "dispose of with other non hazardous electronic equipment". That's what I assumed first and it's vague in their website. But this is what Gizmag says. As @Roger says if they send in free replacements they might not sustain. " The Tile uses a Bluetooth Low Energy connection and works completely wirelessly. The makers say that there’s no need to charge or replace battery for one year. A month before the one-year deadline, users will be reminded to recycle their old Tiles and of the need to purchase a new one (for the same price). In order to make this process easy, the warning includes a pre-addressed package for free shipping." @Roger, you are right. One needs to buy a new tile. Their packaging acts as a postage paid mailer so that you can ship the old one. I am going to break it open for sure. Also, tile only works with iOS which makes iFind infinitely better imo @WeTag: The preceding discussion makes me wonder if you need to offer disposal advice for 2050 ... if and when an iFind turns up it's toes? or does it have no really exotic components? @ Asterix and Gary: I think you have to buy the new tile, it is not a free replacement. The say you can "order" a new one. Maybe sending an envelope for the old one gets them out of disposal liability for the button cell. So with Tile the yearly replacement is free? Not clear on that and don't see how they can sustain a business if they replace everyone's tiles for free every year. BTW, the tile guys send you a replacement new tile when the battery runs out. You have to ship the old to them. @WeTag Can the iFind ringer feature be turned off while still measuring signal strength with the app? Yes Asterix I realized that. Another factor complicating things further is the accuracy of the location provided by the phone gps itself. Let me illustrate again: <url>"charging" principles (Tile don't charge so that is already a huge difference there). By the way, are you working for Tile? Actually, Tile don't need to have its battery replaced. You have to trow the all thing in the garbage once a year when the battery dies and buy another one! Yep, you read right! @Ross, I hate to say you are wrong. The basic concept is the same, but the big advantage of the iFind is that it doesn't need to be replaced, charged, or have any batteries replaced in it. With the Tile, it's only good for a certain period of time then you have to buy new ones. The ifind is a brilliant product but already has big competition, This idea/concept has already been designed and thought of for a similar price, it called Tile. It offers more features and is already on sale, so this is basically a copy. <url>"How many iFind tags can one mobile phone track at the same time? As many as you want. Don’t hesitate to use the iFind tag with all your important items: key, purse, remote control, pet, bag, documents folders… Use your imagination." What gives? @Asterix, yes I don't expect that this works without damage, but the typical microwave oven uses also 2.4GHz , like bluetooth and Wifi b/g/n too. Therefore i guess this frequency will be within the harvesting range. But increasing the field strength greatly above the FCC level would not decrease charging time. The continuity and typical fields of wifi and mobile phone network must deliver the sufficient charging energy. @Asterix & WeTag: Thanks. @Roger, a microwave is well shielded otherwise the electronic display board used to set things will fry and won't pass any certification. I think the power supply unit can charge it when it's running. Dear WeTag team, I would like to tag all my friends before playing hide and seek, just kidding :P but I'd like more than 10 tags though, I guess eg 250$ would do it for 20 tags!? Now those comments raise a new question. Is it possible to damage a Tag by over-feeding it? Inside the microwave was a good joke, I am still chuckling, but would just being on top of a microwave oven be good for the Tag or harmful? (I am a chemist and know B all about electronics). Great! Looking forward to the technical report! @Kalus, microwave will fry it. I assume it's tuned to a frequency and wavelength @WeTag: Now that is a GOOD response. :) @Kalus: Do you like burnt chips? It's enough time to go and I am looking for technical report. I had a funny imagination: fast charging by putting it into a microwave oven. Would it survive ? Again no answer! You promised the Technical document for this week. It is Friday. Two days ago you said: @Chaz Thanks. You are correct about Nokia.We are releasing technical details this week. OK - I look forward to seeing the reports. How about ONE plain answer - and Today please : For how many seconds will the Tag buzz before it runs out of energy? I think everyone needs to be patient and let them provide the video/independent review as they have promised. We still have 30 days till funding ends. I like everybody else is waiting for some type of evidence of this project. And I like everyone else will withdraw my funding if no evidence is provided. Yet again you avoid a direct answer! Saying it will be rigorously tested by unknown companies is just smoke and mirrors. You will of course then claim that the test results are confidential to those companies, and we remain in the dark. Adrian has made an excellent suggestion - why not do that. Or even tell us the typical usage as a start. I would love to believe in your project, but your answers are all too slippery. @Creators at this point with no video evidence apart from the main video I think that you may need to send one of your devices to engadget, pocketnow and or another tech website. This way we can see what we are really backing understanding that it is a prototype and that there may be things that cannot be disclosed at this point in time. @Everyone please let me know if this is the way you feel as well. I bought two, but I when I will be sent? I'm in Italy @Asterix: I share your concern about the amount of stored energy compared to required duty, and WeTag stubbornly avoid any straight answers about how many times a Tag can be queried before energy is depleted, or how long it takes to recover enough charge to work again. I have dropped my pledge from $120 down to $1. Their prevarication makes me suspect that the real life usage is currently too poor to talk about. @WeTag: Let us see an unconnected, trusted third party put your prototype Tag through it's paces. Prove that you have something worth backing, then all these doubts will go away. @Andrew, they will ask for the address when they are close to shipping through a survey post campaign @Fiona, I'll try to explain what I meant below. I don't doubt the technology or the @Creators ability. I know EM energy harvesting can generate charge which can be stored in a super capacitor. My concerns lie in the effectiveness of this technology used as an energy source for a BLE finder which enables the finder to work as desired. How will you know where to ship it to? @Asterix I don't know about anyone else but I have pledged with so little info armed with the knowledge I can cancel my pledge right up to the last day. I think if the promised info isn't thorough enough there may be a mass cancellation on this one. I hope not tho, as I am as keen as everyone for it to be real. Waiting to see... I imagined something similar to this a few years ago, but it didn't exist! I'm so happy now that I found it on Kickstarter. It's a obvious YES to buy. I misplaced my wallet at least 3 times this year. One time, my car keys were missing for 2 days!...and I end up finding them hiding in the house. I'm buying 2. :D Can u plan another size with the same dimention and thickness of generic credit cards? The slots for them inside some wallets are suitable for iFind. Can we know when the update is coming? Lots of questions and ideas that you way we will answer and consider. I hope you record them somewhere. It's amazing that the kickstarter community is pledging with so little information. That's what KS is all about. Help bring great ideas to life. What? Are you claiming that it can buzz and communicate with the smartphone for long periods without running out of power? Because it can replenish energy at the same rate as it uses it? You chaps will be in line for Nobel prizes if you pull that off. @Mohammed: Thanks for your support. @WeTag: Please Please answer the usage performance question plainly and clearly. We know it is a small device, scavenging EM energy, and don't expect to be able to make it buzz ten times in an hour. We just want honest answers. Question Scenario: The tag is sleeping with my keys. I call it from my smartphone, hear that it is upstairs, but don't know which room. Will it respond again, to a repeat call immediately? If not, how long must I wait? - assuming an average home (not sat next to a cell-tower). If yes, how many calls before the energy is depleted? If this information is clearly stated in the promised technical brief, then I am content to wait another day for the answer. How long can the iFind remain in a low power / sleep mode without any recharging from ambient sources? Hello everyone, pledged for a family pack. Looking forward to some sort of instructional video showing the operation of the iFind. @Creator, @Robert Sharp asked a good question. I would also like to know if the iFind was used in its most basic mode, how many times can it be 'found' before it will drop communication due to low power. Can you tell me what the advertisement interval is please? Does it advertise constantly at the same frequency (so not connected) or does the iPhone need to remain connected when in range? Thanks Let me add that I am optimistic about your project, I just want to know the limitations. If I can find my keys once a day, then the tag needs 24 hours to recover the energy, I would still back enthusiastically, if it needs a week to recover - not so much! New technology projects are plagued by creator oversell and backer over-expectation. To paraphrase and adapt the quotation of Pretty Butterfly: "When many expect a mighty stallion they will be disappointed by the arrival of an ant wearing horseshoes". Please let us know what performance to expect, even a rough idea. I am sorry, but that is a very evasive answer. Please give an example or two of how many usages will deplete the power. Note: "loose" means "not tight", I think you meant "loses it's energy". @ WeTag: Can you say something about the lower energy limits - when will it NOT work. For example, if I am out in the wilds camping for a week, or on my yacht? In those low MC conditions will the power bank be good for just one find, before needing to return to civilisation .... or ? After such power starvation, what do you recommend for recharging the power bank? Sit the iFind tag next to working TV or the Wavelan modem overnight? .... or ? I have the amusing image in my mind of EM energy harvesting enthusiasts always camping / parking under overhead power lines. For mutual trust that the thought of this breakthrough idea for batteryless technology to work I'm doubling my pledge. As long as it delivers up to expectations i don't see why there's a need to understand every aspect of how it works. I guess its also part of the mystery and fun of backing in KS. Kudos to the team in keeping a constant update for us backers! @WeTag: For the phone-finder feature to work when the tag is wagged, it surely means that the App must be running constantly. Will this be a big drain on the Smartphone battery? Another question: I might have missed this, but I don't see it on the FAQ. How many tags can be linked to the app? For example, the Tile app can track up to 10 tags. Sorry.."they" as in Kickstarter - not WeTag Well if you have to explain it - its not funny!.......*sigh* @Ollie WeTag went through the covert reasoning for being so tech careful early on in the campaign. There have been plenty of KS that have had issues with "knock off" reverse engineering copies. Just search pressy - you will get the idea. I for one am willing to give them the benefit of the doubt. Its pretty cutting edge stuff (that I know very little about), but have started googling. So just the possibility of success (a batteryless tag), the future proof of the system, the willingness of the creators to be forthcoming...well...so far so good. I can be patient. Actually they could easily use the tagline..."Kickstarter, Got Patience?" :) @WeTag Thanks for the update! Will the tech details include energy figures for the three items I listed below? Those figures are key to the overall feasibility. Not sure why WeTag are being cagey about the figures, but this doesn't look impossible, or I wouldn't have invested. (NB, I'm an interested observer, not an expert, these are opinions, not facts). We know Nokia were harvesting 5mW about five years ago. At an assumed 3.3V thats about 1.5mA - which is at the bottom end of the BLE spec for Find and Proximity profiles. But I'm assuming that the usual duty cycle of the tags will be an occasional find with a lot of charging time inbetween. Even if the creators are being optimistic about the charging time the functionality should work. @josh Of course they have seen tile, They were one of the first companies to come up with this type of item. the problem with tile and the reason I am not a fan of theirs is that tile has a battery, that is not rechargeable nor user changeable. They battery is said to last a year and then the company says you will need to buy a whole new unit. 20$ for each tile and 20$ every year for a new one. Totally crazy Hey Guys- wondered if you knew of this company that could be a rival: <url>"traditional" stretch goal would be kickstarter backer-only limited color(s) (think of a kickstarter-green or as you can do silver gold etc, a shiny metal-green!). Transparent or glow in the dark as mentioned before would work too, but you may also want to have then for other non-kickstarter customers. Another option that cross my mind (but I don't know if it's even possible because of the internal components / interferences) would be that each iFind also come with a tiny removable neodymium magnet fitting tightly into the keyhole. Everybody love magnets! ;) It can also come with other iFind accessories like a small keychain ring/hook, an iFind shaped double-face adhesive, etc... But I'm sure in the next couple of weeks you will see many good and crazy ideas to choose from. I love your iFind. Great job. It is impressive, that it works without a battery. It would be awesome, if you could elaborate on how you are harvesting energy. (but I also understand if this is a secret) Besides that, I have two software related questions. Is it possible to assign actions to tags, e.g. when you are near a tag or when you are not? I would love to have a feature that, for example mutes the phone in my office and un-mutes it when I am leaving. Also, is it possible to know the distance your phone is away from the tag? I'm optimistic and excited about being a backer of iFind (my 3rd BLE tag backing) but I'll echo others and say the choice of stretch goals is someone odd. Many of your stretch goals are software features that absolutely should be implemented to both deliver a good product and be on par with other similar offerings. Also these features presumably are pretty easy to deliver. In my experience stretch goals are usually additional hardware features that must be planned for and done up and therefore require a more significant commitment from your backers. I'm very glad when campaigns end up implementing stretch goals they don't hit, but it is just a little odd to have these types of stretch goals and then say you're going to implement them anyway, up front. This project looks great! Will you be releasing the protocol specifications for us to develop independent apps (I'm thinking Linux support)? If (big if) you don't reach the 500K goal, do you still plan to add the last seen GPS location in the future? I think it's an extremely important feature. Great looking project and adding my support behind a Windows Phone 8.1 app along with Ninja Sphere support. I have seen more and more about this technology recently so it is awesome to see this with future Windows Phone support. I would like to see a video the same as others of just the tag connecting to a phone and then someone walking away with no need to see inside the tag. Keep up the awesome work and do you know about the kicktraq website that shows projections of projects? <url>"last known GPS position" as a stretch goal less than 500K ? It would be a great feature and I bet most of us would find it useful. WeTag, I would really like you guys to add a luggage feature. Something similar as with Duet trackers. This should be very easy for you guys to make. It is just a reversible rope function. You set the specific Ifind tag which is on your luggage on luggage mode and the moment it comes again within reach the very next time you get an alert. This saves a lot of hassle at the luggage belt when you arrive. You just sit and wait till your phone tells you luggage is nearby. Dennis There is an urgent need for a "universal" application that is compatible with all locators on the market. XY is promising that ... if other providers cooperate. It's where the issue can be! And/Or the other way around? Hi guys! Will iFind be compatible with XY app? Thanks :) If I close BT on my iPhone then open it later, do I need to reconnect with my tags? Hi! Just backed with a Twin pack! Looks much better than other projects, congratulations! One question: Do I have to keep the App open in order to receive a notification, for example, of an out of range item? I usually close apps in the background, so if lost my keys or leave them behind and the app is close, may I not be notified, or yes? Thank you! @Kenneth, I do not think iFind can differentiate between floors. I haven't seen any finder do that until now even though it can be done @Creators can correct me. @Charlie silly me. Thank you. How to identify whether the shake of our tag is for locating the phone rather than just a movement? @Kenneth check out FAQ It's yes to all 3 of your questions. I couldn't seem to find Answers for these questions: 1. Can these be used to search for my car in a multi storey carpark? 2. Can the range be set for anti theft? So I do not have to wait for my belonging to be 200 ft to alert me? 3. Reverse rope will definitely be implemented before the product is shipped out? The ifind tag beeps together with the phone once it goes past 200ft (or better, a specifically set range). This is for people who left their phones behind but have their tags. So both the tags and the phone will beep when it's past a set range, say 10 metres. Good work, have backed for 10 tags @WeTag Thanks. Could we see the energy budget numbers within the next few days? Hi All, Here's an interesting article on a related device: <url>‘energy in vs. energy out’ budget was off by more than a factor of a million. The folks that bought in didn’t do the math; they were in love with the idea. (tl:dr) If your laptop reads out signal strength you’ll know that a strong wifi signal is about -60dBm. This is about a nanowatt… or one thousandth of a thousandth of a thousandth of a watt. Wifi receivers need sophisticated, high-gain antenna amplifiers to grasp these faint signals… amplifiers which must get their power from a wall socket. Some meaningful numbers showing the ‘energy in vs. energy out’ budget would be very useful at this point. No need to reveal any technology, just the overall energy budget. Thanks! @WeTag I just didn't find that very clear because I know there are so many versions of the Android OS out there "Currently the tag works with iOS devices with Bluetooth 4.0 (iPhone 4S and later, iPad 3rd generation and later) and Android devices with Bluetooth 4.0 support. We plan to launch the Windows application later." but I guess you do have that in mind for the app. Are there any requirements for a specific OS version on the Android device? Blue-tooth 4.0 support still gives a variety of OS. My phone runs 4.2.2. Gingerbread. <url>"phase 1 prototype"? Is it a working prototype? If so, a video with little to no editing, demonstrating functionality before the end of the campaign would be very much appreciated and would also counter the "too good to be true" claims. Thanks! Okay I was just wondering, thanks! I checked the FAQ and did not see this but I may have missed it. Will the iFind have the ability to save the last location where the phone and iFind were in range of each other? So say it could see I was about to go out of range and then it could just mark a location on a map in the app on our phone of where it last was. I think I saw this feature on one of the other tracking devices and thought it was a really smart idea. I am backing 2 tags. Am I doing the right thing for pledging $38 (with international shipping)? You guys are so smart. Thank you :) your campaign is 100 times better planned and organized than mine. Thank you. Another question is how big (in mm^2) is the energy harvesting "antenna". I am not sure if this is what you can disclose. Hopefully this will be mentioned in the spec, too. How much charge (mAh equivalent) can the power bank hold? Will the power bank be charged to a certain level during production? Sorry after thinking twice I have decided to quite. This project is too good to be true. @WeTag Maybe this one has already been answered. Is your product already working and the KS campaign is to raise funds for mass production or this is just your concept and majority of the execution still has to happen? Thanks, that's good news. Not having a battery is a significant advantage. This is the product I've been waiting for. Does this mean you're using the RFID Far Field Communication protocol? Personally I like the We Tag "cut to the chase" approach so far. Answers are logical and to the point. I have backed enough projects to know the flip side, "Now stay tuned for our new and improved exciting working model for of you We Taggers out there!" Trust me - it leads to a lot of nothing - as Asterix mentions - even when delivered it still ends being just apiece of plastic..... Keep at it We Tag! Nearly hitting the 100k mark! How exciting :) Will @Creator update with any further info after this threshold has been crossed? I'm sorry. Thanks for answering my question so quickly. I was wondering, what is the approximate life of a fully charged power bank? How long can it last without a power source? Or does it have so many available power sources that it hardly matters? @Creator So to clarify, the video showing the woman finding her car keys is an actual working prototype and is not simulated? From the Kickstarter project guidelines: "Technical drawings, CAD designs, sketches, and other parts of the design process are awesome and encouraged. Photorealistic renderings and simulations that could be mistaken for finished products or real events, however, are not allowed." Please verify that the photo and video do actually portray a working, finished device. Otherwise, please remove the photo and video. <url>"No product simulations" & " Projects must show details (photos, videos, sketches) of their progress so far, along with a prototype demonstrating the product's current functionality" The video seems to feature a simulation. Are the tags shown operational or just plastic models? No current working prototype is shown. Please comply with these guidelines. @WeTag Great! "adverse conditions" Is that a dog wearing it and running in a muddy field or hurricane weather in the tropics? :) @WeTag No - not at all. Just checked it out. Definitely not what I am looking for. I plead ignorance as the big draw to your product was the fact that it did not need a battery...I really wanted to know how long the product lasts - not necessarily the battery - the product itself...does it have a lifespan? @WeTag Ok - now dug deeper.... Also...sorry - what is: " the Find V2.0 product that is also here." Didn't get that part.. @jj. Look at the details. They don't have a battery, they use EMF harvesting. Therefor will last as long as there are EMF waves in the air. Hello @ WeTag I don't if this has been answered yet - apologies. What are the major differences between your product and this one <url>"we will be sending out parts from the first QA run for evaluation" Will this be before the project ends? there are many people questioning the validity of this project, it would be nice to see a reputable Tech blog review the product. That level of validity could really boost your funding which is already doing well i might add. Additionally if this is done please post the review(s) in an update for us to read Great concept, size and robustness! A few questions or thoughts on the shake to find your phone function; 1) will the shake to find function activate continuously when I go for a vigorous jog with my keys in my pocket. 2) will the accelerometers being on constant alert for the appropriate series of shake to find movements deplete the capacitor to such a level that in the back of beyond, where there are low levels of harvesting, the iFind will not be findable if lost. 3) will the shake to find function be switchable on and off for each iFind. 4) will you be presenting a demo model to a tech blog, such as Engadget, for appraisal prior to campaign end to boost revenue through exposure and dismiss any doubts folk here have been expressing? Thank you. Awesome! Thanks for the quick reply guys! Sounds like everything you're doing is very well thought out (possibly something not many are necessarily used to on KS...). Best of luck with everything and can't wait to try these out! Will you be having any stretch goals for maybe adding an LED to the iFind? So I understand all the IP concerns especially with a patent so I'm totally fine with you guys not expanding on the tech aspect (even though I'm very interested in the "how") but here's my question: you guys seem very well established, have a plan in place, appear to have a substantial staff, and are talking with major tech companies- why do a crowd funding campaign then for what seems like a relatively small monetary goal? Don't get me wrong, being able to jump in on something like this early is cool but this project doesn't strike me as the typical ks that needs help achieving funding...just curious what your reasoning is? @creator so us $30 backers could just switch to early bird and pledge $28? @Creator I am a early $14 backer, and I thought that i could pledge $28 for 2 or $42 for 3. I thought i read that in one of your comments but I just want to make sure. Thanks! Thanks @wetag Are you using similar technology to the Lunecase? Lunecase - Bring the back of your iPhone to life! <url>"This might sound a bit like hocus-pocus pseudoscience, but the underlying science is actually surprisingly sound. " Thanks for clearing that up. yes. a metal detector like feature would be great! :) Hi, Does the bluetooth on youe phone need to be left on always to connect to the iFind? Also how does it react when you use bluetooth for handsfree or bluetooth enabled speakers etc Thanks Fantastic concept! I have read a little into EM Harvesting, and it is really exciting, and having it in a product like this makes so much sense. I hope that you are able to post some working progress video's of the iFind features soon? Of particular interest would be a water proof test. Best of luck with everything! sorry, more questions: 4) you mention that with iFind: you can locate your phone by shaking any of your iFind tags — No more frustration. what happens when you shake the tag? does the phone then beep or vibrate? 5) how does the iFind work exactly when locating tags? does the tag beep or it's the phone that beeps (video makes it unclear)? 6) when locating tags, will/are/could you implementing the 'beep' like a sonar so the closer you get to the tag, the faster your phone beeps whereas the further away, the slower the beep? Thanks for the prompt response. missed a question (I should have numbered them) 1) After the initial round (ie KS) funding, do you plan to continue to develop new features/enhancements to the app or simply mantain the app? 2) whether the stretch goals are reached or not, do you still plan to implement all those features? 3) would you be able to tell us more about any future features you plan to implement after KS? also, if we receive a ifind device that has issues pairing, will there be a way to manually add the ifind device ourselves via the app? is it possible to pair a ifind with multiple devices so that we can see the same ifind device on multiple devices? ie for monitoring or management of the ifind device from a phone and tablet I don't want to assume anything but will the ios/android apps be free or cost extra? After the initial round (ie KS) funding, do you plan to continue to develop new features/enhancements to the app or simply mantain the app? Will we have to pay extra to upgrade the app if new features are added in later on? Are the apps themselves complete at this time and the dev team is just tweaking/testing or does major work still needs to be done before the apps are ready to work with the ifind hardware bug free? Will there be a special price for early birds who want to buy 2? @Asterix I raised the question because I'm interested in the technology and improving our products. However, it is inappropriate for me to continue to question the validity of their claims publicly. Hit me up on the twitter if you want to chat @cgherb @Creators, do you have the trademark for iFind? Might already be taken? Hmm!!! what happened ??? @Chris, #facepalm cool. Shoot me a mail. Okay, wish you the best of luck. I'm the founder of TrackR and we'd be happy to license the technology if it works. <email> Will this support IFTTT? Basically I'm curious if I could pair it to a smart hub and be alerted if my dog leaves my house when I'm not home. So you are confirming you're getting 0.15W output Here's some basic numbers, according to research here: <url>"scam" which it does not appear so, I'm perfectly happy. When do you think you would be able to share additional information? I have seen campaigns share manufacturing information and photos during production and testing stages? Is that going to be possible? @Creators, you are funded now which means you are going to be the first to produce and deliver. You also have patent protection. I can agree with you if you give out the information and you do not get funded in which case there is a real danger someone can beat you to market. Even still you don't have to reveal the IP but show results. Its disappointing that despite the academic backgrounds of the team there is very little data presented. Performance data is not going to compromise your IP. I expect to see something like: the tag has an average power consumption of ## micro watts assuming a transmission period of ## seconds. The power harvesting generates an average of ## micro watts assuming a power spectral density of ##. Refer to frequency/power curve. Justify the power spectral density numbers for typical user conditions with measurements or citations. Show results of real world trials where the tags are in pockets, under a pile of keys, etc... You're scientists! @Creators, thanks for adding the remaining charge to the app. @Creators, to echo @Chris and @Marie its important you provide tangible evidence of iFind's real life operation. It's important because you cannot show the IP and I accept that. Because of that you have to go the extra mile to provide any videos and data that can help people understand. Small 10 second videos of real life operation and features. A plot of charge and discharge rate over time on x-axis with no or little EM, normal and next to a large source. More importantly what makes it to not work at all. It's ok we can understand it's limitations but we need to know that. Will it not work if I put it in a RFID blocking wallet? For example? You canno't publish technical information on your product, I can understand. But to compensate, show your product /prototype in action, in unedited videos. @asterix I don't think they get it @Creators, Could we get some pictures of the UI on the phone? does it show you are getting hotter/colder or is it like a radar that can pin point it? @Creators, @Chris is referring to your main video which is professional and well done. You should really show videos of you actually demoing different aspects of the product. Also what was the feedback from R&D on charge remaining on the app? Also , stats in a super capacitor I'd not patentable unless you are making the capacitor from Raw material A video that shows the founders demoing the product without voice over, cuts, and added sounds . I think what you showed in the video isn't real . Wait, if you are using a capacitor to store power, then what are the stats on the cap? How much energy are you able to supply to the cap per time interval off of ambient EM signal? Do you have a actual unedited video you can post? If iFind internal energy storage becomes completely drained for some reason, will it automatically charge and work again once in the presence of EM fields? I did the $70 pledge but got no option to choose colors...does this happen at fulfillment time? Is it possible to do a $120 pledge multiple times? ie...2 pledges of $120 for a total of $240? Great to see the updated FAQ....and quick response to questions on here... I can't wait to get this!!! Please keep us updated on the Glow in the Dark and Clear case :) If it is a hybrid. You do use battery. Claiming that it is battery-free is pushing the envelope, no? From a marketing point of view, I understand such statement because battery is the biggest problem of any electronic device, if you have the solution of this big problem, you will start a revolution in the electronics world. Can you show a picture of the electronics? Which bluetooth chip are you using? the latest one from dialog semiconductor? a capacitor can act as a battery. a battery is a container that store electricity. Therefore "board storage bank" is some sort of battery, a container that store energy. What you invented is some sort of hybrid system, when no more electricity in the air, let use some energy from the "board storage bank" aka battery, no? well, i pledged 1 USD just to have the option to post my comment: I don't believe it works :) ok, maybe in dense city with EM smog there is a small change it will gain some energy, but I can't believe it will work e.g. somewhere in forest for a longer period of time. But I will be very happy to see how completely false is my opinion. Will WeTag be posting a product warranty? A Clear version would be great! Q) For those getting multiple tags, could we request different color combinations? How loud does iFind go? Let's say in decibel. Battery-less, I think the creator must explain at least what energy source it is based on. Otherwise, it looks like a plastic mold to me. Agree with @Adam about FAQ on shipping. It should also deal with which service(s) you'r going to use, and how those are going to deal with taxes and brokerage/handling fees. Many companies like you tend to use UPS, Fedex, etc. that impose imcredible fees to the international backers (40-50%, or even more). It certainly lower the quality of the customer experience we have with creators! Hey guys. Reading through the comments to work out how to back for more at the earlybird level. Think you guys should add a FAQ that deals with shipping outside of the US. If I'm at the earlybird level its $14 for 1 +$10 for shipping (if os of the US). How does the shipping work if I want say 6? Seems that if you get 10 its still only $10 for shipping, so i'm guessing that 6 would be shipped O/S for $10? However, below you told someone that wanted 2 that it was an extra $2 per shipping? I'm not sure how it works. Is it $2 per added one? Hello, I really loved your idea, battery-free find tag! Can you please explain more about how it works? Also, does the iFind have a beeper on it?! And what shipping method do you use for international backers (and do you provide a tracking number)? Thank you, and good luck with your project! @creator@ is it possible to pledge for 3 tags ? If yes ... how should i do that? Would it be possible to laser etch the outside of the casing with a serial number or personal information? Also interested in "glow in the dark" tag! Congratulations Guys! I think the feature that you can locate your phone by shaking any of your iFind tags took it to another level. That is what attracted me the most about the iFind Locating Tag. FUNDED! Oh forgot to mention my other idea to the clear case. Glow in the dark option that be great for my key chain. :) Hello all... I had similar questions and they are quick with replies but I can understand as a first time Kickstarter backer I'm still learning. So I can imagine as their first time Kickstarter project they are too. So far they are heading in the right direction imo. For me the patent pending is understandable to be secret. But they did explain basically in these post how it works. Things they need to improve on so backers can understand will need to be in FAQ. I would like to see some of the apps functions or snap shots but even better if the apps can be downloaded. I think that would be good as part of your updates to everyone on here along with what others had suggested. Thanks We Tag for bringing a great idea for all of us to soon have. Ok for management, but what about the people who are responsible and work on the iFind itself? @Jonathan, you have good points. Be transparent guys! Great project! Two questions: a) will I be able to add more tags as an add on to my early bird pledge? b) are there any plans for a Windows Phone app? love the idea and concept of this project, but some of this stuff seems a little too good to be true. the whole concept of this item not using batteries is not explained, except for "patent pending."the actual insides of the product are not shown whatsoever. i need a little more bona fide before i fully commit to a project, especially considering this is your first kickstarter, with no previous history in the community. the actual creators faces/names are not even shown on their own website. just seems a little too good to be true. That's excellent to hear. Thank you! @Creator. I know you've mentioned iPhone and Android (and WP) in these comments, but can you assure me the Android version will have all the functions etc of the iPhone version at time of release (and onward)? I've regretfully backed a few projects where all effort has gone into iPhone and the Android version has been very lacking. Thanks for the quick reply. I agree that these can be reached. What I meant that instead of these goals (which should be given default), I suggest other useful goals like- having adhesive backing to the iFind- so that we can stick it to the devices, provide keyring or something else to attach to the keys etc. Also as @Etyan suggested, iFind will be more useful if the reverse of ROPE function is released during initial launch rather than as an upgrade later- i keep forgetting my phone rather than keys!! Thanks I can understand hardware changes as stretch goals, but why are the ROPE and LIST functions are stretch goals? Shouldn't they be part of the device software as a default to help us find and manage our devices? Thanks An upgrade to the iPhone software or a newer iFind device that isn't covered by the Kickstarter? So will the actual iFind device buzz/vibrate if I take it with me but accidentally leave my phone at home? It's impossible to drive away without my keys with an iFind attached but very easy to leave my phone behind. oh yall are in Plano Texas that cool i'm just around the corner :D Its actually cool to see a project out of Texas i don't come across too many that interest me. @Creator Are we going to see reviews on independant technical blogs? I did a quick search on Google: - <url>™ is from our location? NOTE: This in addition to the iFind Tag Beeping when requested. Q. Do you have any added security in addition to Bluetooth 4.0's built in security measures? Good job answering the questions. Great... who else wants the CLEAR version? It will be like invisible when attached to your precious items. Hello thanks for all the quick answer... I got all excited on the possibilities so I backed the top level :) Will you provide clear tag? I'm all about technology and it be a cool look. Thanks for great product and I will be sharing this all over so the goal is reached. Is shipping to Canada also $10 or free?... Ok...great!!!! The $14 tiers said 1 tag. How would you know Im up for 2 tags? Are you going to send a survey at the end of the campaign or should I send you a private message to notified you? @creator....I live in the US. I pledged $28 for 2 on the $14 pledge. Is that correct ? Awesome thank you very much for these answers, now I'm extremely excited with this project and technology. I hope you reach the lvl3 stretch goal, I would love to see it powering up arduinos or other tiny electronic things :) Great works guys! Please update the FAQ with questions and answers from below to save you from typing the same answer over and over. I would request you to add charge remaining to the app in an intuitive way when you can. Saying waterproof is good, but if you can, getting ingress protection certification can help you. @WeTag Thanks that actually help me a lot. 1. WiFi, perfect. 2. Ok, let say that I left my iFind on purpose on top of my average b/g WiFi router, in the US (so compliant with all the EM emissions certifications and WiFi signal power), in this condition any estimation of how long it would take (1 hour, 1 day? No thin) 3. Right my bad, that time I was not specific enough. Let say I lost my car keys in the woods, for how long (hours / days / weeks / years) can I expect to localise them again by walking around the woods with my phone scanning for them (so only 1 wake up if I understand correctly) Thanks again :) A quick question - I'm a little confused about the ultra low quiescent current mode. Does the rope mode where the tag tells you if you wander too far away from it always work or is it disabled when the tag goes into its "sleep mode state?" @WeTag I'm confused by the lack of specifics over the "no battery" feature. I understand that you will not detail what's inside and how it exactly work as it's patent pending, but here are a couple of straightforward questions that would be interesting to address for backers and their future everyday use of the product: - Give us one precise example of a suitable source easily available in everyday life able to charge the iFind. - With this precise source, how long would it take take to charge the "power bank" from 0 to 100% capacity. - Once the "power bank" is at 100%, introducing the device to an hypothetic environment without any "source" available, how long would the device work only using its internal power bank. Thanks! @Creators refer to you, WeTag What I meant was the phone as a source if EM energy which is harvested by the tag. If I walk a trail and go camping and drop the keys along the way somewhere and the tag looses the charge. Are you saying that when the phone comes in range the tag can wake up and then communicate? Just to confirm - if I pledge $28 and select the $14 early bird reward I will get TWO iFind tags both at the time you ship the early bird orders? Just wondering so I can get both tags at the early bird ship date so I can get them earlier than everyone else. Thanks! @Creators, thanks for your answers. To echo @Roberts concern it's paradoxical in that the finder needs to be near a Phone when in a remote area to charge but yet the aim of the product is to help find it when it's lost! @Creator "The environment we live in is surrounded by residual electromagnetic energy. Our patent pending circuits adjust to the maximum levels, capture and then use that to inject into the storage bank." What if you are (more than) a couple of days in the middle of a dessert or a jungle? Thank you. Another question - Will this have a variable trigger range or do you plan on a version with a shorter range in the future? 200 ft is great for some needs, such as keys, but if I have one on my laptop or phone, I might want a tighter trigger range for security purposes. Just curious, why is it $14 ea at 1, $15 ea at 2, then $14 at 5? You can only pledge once and I want 2 so I will change my pledge to the twins at 2 for 30 but it seemed odd. In the US so shipping doesn't come into the figure and its only a couple of $ anyway. Thanks Maybe this could be an FAQ; are they waterproof? (I'd hope so, but didn't see it mentioned.) Kind regards, Brian Thanks. Can the charge run out completely? If I let the tag beep how long before the charge runs out? If I keep shaking how long before the charge runs out? If the charge does run out how long should one wait before the tag comes back to working condition? what will happen if I place the tag on a qi charger? Loudness of the beep is important and if you can measure the dB it will be awesome? Nice. I never knew that one would have enough energy in energy harvesting circuits to drive a BLE radio!!! Does the app show available charge in the finder? How long can the finder work if I put it inside an anti-em static bag ? what is the charge decay rate? So I can't use this in my RFID blocking wallet then ? Since you say you don't have battery I am assuming you have a ultra capacitor or super capacitor? Would it charge if I put it on a Qi charger plate? What will happen ? What is the broadcast rate of the BLE signal? How loud is the beep in dB? I was wondering, if i am outside USA, can i pledge $38 for 2? Hi, can you tell if it is possible to get 10 tags and attach 5 to one phone, and 5 to another? Hi, can i pledge $28 for 2? What android/Bluetooth versions does it support? Is it compatible with older versions? Can you tell us more about how it "recycles electromagnetic energy" and is their an expected life span on the power bank?