Hey guys, I was just informed by one of our backers that someone else has tried to copy our idea and is running a campaign on Indiegogo claiming it is the first smart water bottle. You can see it here: <url>™ they can pre-order it on our website www.ilumibottle.com. GET HYDRATED™! Thanks guys! P.S. Also look for our vid update tonight with our engineer and a vid update on Saturday with our app developers!!! WE ARE GETTING CLOSE!!! Just wanted to post a quick comment telling you guys that I am currently working on a vid update for you all with our new PCB engineer and possibly our app developers if I can get them all in it! Keep checking back! Hey! I have a minute and wanted to clarify this before it gets out to far. The black cap was supposed to be an option on all rewards, not.the black bottle. The black bottle is only for people that pledged for the LE Ilumi. @Godsmissy Yes! We will be offering custom bottles once all of our kickstarter backers orders have been fulfilled. Please send me an email to <email> or to <email> and we can discuss our terms. Someone else brought up the glass bottles as well and if there is the demand for them we will do a line, but that is also why we introduced the stainless steel version for those that wanted to avoid the plastic. We are definitely keeping it in mind and seeing who would actually prefer glass and we will go from there! Thank you for the support!! It is much appreciated! @Daniel Awesome! Thank you so much for the support! You will be okay for now but please make sure you send us an email or note it when we send out the survey so we can make sure we get you both! Thanks again! @Chris Hey! Been a little since we talked! I am going to post an update either tonight or tomorrow addressing this so check back! @Josh Neal was correct, we were talking about getting a model for the backers to see, not the actual production line so you will be receiving your bottle. As far as your second question... I can't believe I did not catch that this entire time the project has been up... Black is an available color to choose for your bottle!!! I will definitely make sure that gets put in our update as well as I cannot believe I did not catch that the last 26 days :P It is supposed to be listed in all of the rewards as an option... #FacePalm It's funny when you think you have everything written out correctly and you miss something that simple this whole time. Also, yes the bottle is 24 oz. Thank you very much to Nikki and Neal for helping me maintain the comments page as I have been stacked with messages as we have literally tripled backers within 2 days. @Nikki The large spike as far as we can tell is from an article being written on us in the Idaho Business Review as well as Yahoo did an article on the top 10 projects on kickstarter and we were #9! :D So as you can see spreading the word is key these last 4 days! So everyone share anywhere you can and lets hit that 40k goal!!! :D If you have friends that do fitness blogs or things like that please send them our way!!!! @Dani Ilumi will be utilizing Bluetooth 4.0. The only other option we actually considered at the beginning was 3 but that will be phased out here within 6 months most likely and we would like to stay ahead of the curve, not behind. @Rajarshi We will offer more bottle colors down the road after all kickstarters have been fulfilled(and yes you guys will get a big discount for being our original backers) When they are offered we are looking to put them at $9 a bottle but with the discount it will be more like $5 including shipping to the US. Yes all of the tech is located in the cap. Thanks!! @Anthony As of right now all of our LEs are sold out, I would watch and see if a spot opens up. Send us a message though and we will watch and see if someone cancels or doesn't have a valid card on file after the project is funded so that would open a spot for you. Once again thank you everyone for the support I really appreciate it!!! To everyone that has sent me a message, I appreciate your patience so far I am trying to get through them as fast as possible, we just tripled in backers and so it has become a little more challenging. Fear not though, you will get a response! I promise! @Nikki We are planning on doing a cap with a straw down the road as many of you have requested one for running and such, as far as the loop goes we will put it on our to do ideas list and see if we can get an accessory/attachment for you soon after fulfillment is complete! @Christopher You got it! You will be able to choose colors in the survey, and you would just add the $15 to your pledge amount. We appreciate all the questions and support guys! Thank you! @ Craig Thank you I appreciate it! I also appreciate all the support! Of course right after you compliment me I am off for a week due to work... Irony. Thank you though I am going to try and keep it up! WOOT WOOT GOAL EXCEEDED!!! @Anna As of right now we don't have one ready for the bottle yet, but when all the orders are fulfilled and taken care of we already have some accessories and add-ons that will become available, a filter included! One of these accessories may actually be added as a stretch goal for the last week. @ Chayne and Shyam The LE is not currently double walled. Our cap is actually a unique design that no other bottle manufacturers use and so our cap will not fit on those bottles. As far as backers go on future purchases go, yes! We will be emailing out discount codes to everyone whenever we release a new product or accessory! @Tabitha Awesome! We love to see the excitement! We can't wait for you to get it! @ Brenden and Chan We agree! We just wanted to make sure we kept the value of the limited editions up, otherwise there was no point in having them. We are definitely going to find out on coating options that will give us a black stainless bottle and look and feel even better! Plus then we will get the Black and Lime Green look we wanted. Stay tuned on that. Not sure on the thermos version.. Haven't honestly really looked into it but we will put it on our list of things to take a look at down the road. Appreciate the feedback guys! Thanks again! @Chan Yes the previous LEs will be stainless steel as well and they will be silver. If you pledge for the LE and you were one of the first 100 backers of the project (I can still track this even if you change your pledge around) and we reach our stretch goal, then yes you would receive the shirt and stickers as well. @Mark and Brenden No they will all be the same LE bottle. We are currently trying to get a quote on possibly sand blasting and powder coating them black but we have not been able to get anything yet. As far as the upped pledges, they are the same, sorry for the confusion. Kickstarter makes it really hard to change anything (Which I don't blame them for as it protects the backers) on your project once something is claimed. Therefore when we upgraded to the stainless steel we were unable to change the verbiage on the current LE. There are still only 100 LEs available and they are all stainless steel. Sorry for the confusion, we hope this straightened it all out! @Christopher Having stainless steel available is a new venture for us with the ILUMI Bottle. Getting a full run is a lot easier than getting a single bottle and is much cheaper as well. Especially in steel. So far we have been quoted $1,200+ to have just a single bottle made. Therefore we are currently keeping everything digital until we are ready to go forward with the production run unless we can find a local Idaho company that would be able to machine it for under $250. If we will find one we will get one made and post an update so you guys can see it! (If anyone knows of a company or has some connections please let us know!) Until then you can check out the render in the "Design" section to get an idea of what it will look like. @chan no, kickstarter just does not allow us to change verbiage once a backer has the reward so we wanted to make sure there was one with the correct description. @Diana Hello! Thank you for the feedback! We will note that and if enough people request it we would be happy to look into making a glass version of the bottle. We are going to actually have a question specific for what you guys think we should do with the bottle next on the survey we send on Kickstarter. As far as the video goes, Yes! I apologize I keep forgetting to post it. Once I get home tonight I will hop on and upload it. I took one of my friend just dumping the water out so you guys could see the lip. In essence you drink out of it just like you would a normal glass but what is nice is that you don't have to deal with any of the threads that can make you spill water. I will get that on tonight for you! Thank you for reminding me! @Chris Love the excitement! We have a couple in place but hopefully a couple more will be coming out with our update once we hit goal! Yea Buddy! Haha Thanks for everyones support so far! Lets push over that 10K mark!!! @Vital Monitoring Solutions Thank you so much for the support! Awesome to see one business helping out another. You guys are awesome! Only $500 to go now! Thank you so much for the support! @Chilwd and Christopher Bryant It will come with a micro USB to standard USB cable. We are currently looking into providing international wall plugs, but due to how many different plugs there are we decided to start with just with the standard USB cord and go from there. @ R van de Ruit and James Awesome thank you we appreciate your support! We will make sure we get you two bottles! Would you mind sending us a private message as well as they are a little easier to track rather than trying to go through all of the comments. Thank you! @Chris Robacker I don't know how we didn't think of that before! THANK YOU! It is funny how obvious something seems when you missed thinking of it before. We love the Pebble watch idea, especially as that would keep your phone free throughout the day and be more convenient to check. This is something that WILL definitely happen! It is going to take a little bit longer to get this capability as we want to make sure we take care of everything that we started with first for our backers, and then we will periodically send updates out as they are developed. (If you take on too many projects at once and you can spread yourself thin) But it will be developed! Hope we got any questions that were in here! Thanks guys! @Neal and Craig No problem, we figure if you guys are going to put your money in you might as well get back what its worth from us! Yes, we have tried to plan ahead for most items, but there are always things anyone could miss so we appreciate you guys bringing things up! We appreciate all the support!!! @Mark We posted a FAQ for multiples. If you are located in the US it is just double like you did and then make sure you send us a message so we can document it. If you are international just do double add $5 extra on top of your other international shipping for the extra bottle. Thanks guys! Man that was a long one VVV :D @Craig The bottle tracks the intake itself and will store it until that night at midnight when it will reset itself so you can start the next days goal. You do not have to have a constant connection but it is easier that way as then it will update live and you can set your reminders and notifications. If you would want to stream music (I do as well while I am at work, I have an awesome little JBL Flip) you can just connect the bottle after you leave work and it will update for that day. We will look into adding at least a couple days memory to the bottle so it will be easier for the user though! We just do not want to over-promise on ILUMI and end up not being able to deliver due to costs as every change costs more money for manufacturing and software and engineering developement than we already planned for. We are determined to deliver to our backers so we can be back to offer you more great products! I am sure we shouldn't have an issue adding a few days memory at least, just at this point until we go into PCB finalization when the campaign is done I can't promise anything (That will also tell us what funds we have to work with). So as of right now the bottle is designed to keep it until midnight that night but keep your eye out for an update! As far as the Bluetooth goes we are planning on using 4 as yes it will affect some of those users temporarily but the majority of them will most likely update to new products within the next four months before we plan to start shipping anyway. Especially if the Note 3 and iPhone 5S/6 is released by then. We want the better battery life as this product would be useless if you always had to charge it and 4 will help provide a better quality device overall for our consumers with more seamless integration as new phones and devices are developed. We believe we will see a lot of shifts to new devices as a lot of other developers update their apps for the new iOS and they no longer work on the older devices. As far as your last question, we will be sending a survey out through Kickstarter. It helps improve the response rate from what we have seen as people are already on the site. As far as the percentage of response we would need to start manufacturing, the only thing that would be delayed would be the actual color caps. Everything else would already be known as we would know how many backers we had, how many limited edition black bottles we need, and how many white bottles. That way we can manufacture everything except the cap without even 1% backer input. If it comes down to the point that we are waiting on a small group of people just to have the caps made, we are already planning on having extra of all color caps made. Hopefully that way when they did respond we would have enough of their color. That way we avoid making the whole project and all the backers wait on a small portion who do not respond. Another challenge will be making sure everything is made up to the quality that we want for our backers and we do not want to deliver a sub par product. The other is obviously time (like any project). For that one we already added extra time to all steps in our plan to hopefully avoid any delays we might encounter. We don't see anything too major in our path that could cause that. We apologize we are a little slower on responding now, as we get more backers we obviously get more questions so it is just a slightly larger task. We appreciate all the support and our awesome backers! You guys rock! Keep sending us feedback or questions and we will get to them as soon as possible! Thansk! @Christopher and Chris You got it! I apologize, I had them posted before but took them down and forgot to put them back up! Appreciate the support a ton! Let me know if there is anything else I can do! @Matthijs No our threads are actually unique and go inside the bottle so you do not have any issues of leaking water while you drink. We are currently looking into the possibility of releasing some caps that have filters built in down the road so keep tuned even after our campain is done! @Stanley We will definitely look into that! We appreciate the feedback! Maybe we will be able to figure out a way you could import your Fitbit data into our app to make life easier... Definitely will be researched on our end, thanks again! @Anna We appreciate your excitement, because we are just as excited! No, that was a typo on our end, they are included in that first 100. I appreciate you pointing that out! Sometimes small errors happen when you are trying to organize a project like this and if people do not point them out they can cause major issues down the road if not corrected. Your eye is very much appreciated in this instance! We didn't forget about you #21! :D You will definitely get bumped up if we can hit our stretch goal! @Anthony The only black bottles are the limited editions, besides that all the bottles are white! Thank you!!! @Josh sorry to confuse you about that. We decided to add a 6th color to our lineup and so we thought we would let the early birds be able to choose between a second color besides black. So the serial numbers can choose, but only black and the other color that is selected. This makes it easier to get these bottles out first to our earliest backers since there are not as many colors to confirm. Thanks again for your support! @Sarah We LOVE our backers and we appreciate the support! We cant wait to get these into your hands!! @Brenden No unfortunately it is just the ILUMI, but it is still cheaper than you will be able to get them in stores, and in a color only 100 people will get! As far as your idea for the flashing option for safety at night we LOVE that idea! The first release of the app will not have that option but we are putting in into the works to be able to add it to an update soon after! Love the feedback! Thank you! @Simon Thank you! We can't wait to find out either! ;) @Toby Thank you for that, we didn't think of that aspect when creating it. We will gladly add a US/UK toggle to switch between the two. Thanks for the awesome feedback! @Neal Cooper We will work to get a FAQ submitted covering all of that information for you by tomorrow in case anyone else has the same question. The bottle will be powered by a rechargeable battery, our target battery life is 4-7 days (Depending on how large of a battery we are able to cram into the cap). In our prototype we were able to power the bottle for 3.5 weeks straight due to the minimal draw from LEDs but we were not using the full width of the BT capability yet. The bottle has an LED ring that changes color according to how many bottles you have consumed, you can also receive reminders, notifications, and live updates on your phone/device! Hope that answers what you were asking for! @Yoon Kim Yes! Android as well as iOS! @Anthony Yes! We would be happy to post some more pictures! We will get them up for you to see by Wednesday! Our backers are AWESOME!!!! 19 Backers within 3 hours of getting up onto Kickstarter! LOVE IT! Thanks guys! Lets keep it going! @Tanya Murphy. Awesome! We appreciate the support and we are glad you love it just as much as we do!!! :D I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount Make sure you report this campaign by going to the Campaign tab (the main campaign page) scrolling all the way to the bottom and clicking to report it to Kickstarter. Thx for the update... i dont use kickstarter anymore because of thus asshole! Sad but he ruined it for man including myself. In case anybody still checks their failed Kickstarters, this should give you some comfort--it looks like the creator got what was coming to him: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Another SCAM!!!! Another failed Kickstarter project... glad to have these sorts of reminders around in my backed history, to remind me why I never throw my money away again and just skip Kickstarter altogether, especially since creators don't care who they rip off and Kickstarter doesn't care about backers at all I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. bad investment I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I would like a refund per the kickstarter terms. Also, kickstarter needs to get more involved in things like this- I've been scammed quite a few times. :( I'm requesting that you refund my pledge as it seems at this point that you cannot fulfill it, or are unwilling to. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Terms of use at the time of this campaign are here: <url>"anywhere in the world" because they were never planning on shipping anything. A refund should be provided. That is a lot of $ for nothing. Also, it seems as though they would "ship anywhere in the world" because everyone was going to get nothing. A refund should be provided. Matt Huber last logged in sept 2015. Has anyone gotten a refund or any contact? This was a massive scam. It appears to me the intention was never to create a product. They amount funded was 3x's the goal and still nothing. Something should be done. anyone been able to get a refund? Since you have not fulfilled our pledges, you must refund our money. <url>‑mail this form. We will not receive it. Mail the completed, signed, and dated complaint form with any supporting documentation to: Office of the Attorney General Consumer Protection Division 954 W. Jefferson, 2nd Floor P.O. Box 83720 Boise, ID 83720-0010 So how can international backers support your initiative of taking legal steps Ronald? To be honest I'll never pledge for any project relating to a smart water bottle. I know that might sound a bit mean but this is why we or kickstarter needs to do something!! <url>"troll" and negative because you were all for and trusting Matt and hate that I was right and you were wrong. I shall not respond to your sarcastic comments anymore I will file a complaint with kickstarter regarding your comments Hi arine - Sorry to inform you but this entire project was a fraud. No one will get refunds nor the reward. I suggest you file Complains with the BBB, FTC, attorney general and anything else you think that will bring this guy to justice So no reward? Or no news on sceduled ship date? At least if we get enough complaints filed, the attorney general will investigate. Or if the volume is great enough they will send it to IC3. I'm dealing with another KS project where the creator was failing miserable at communicating, so a few people filed with the attorney generals office. As soon as the attorney general started mailing them, suddenly the communication perked up. At least this way the creator is held (somewhat) accountable for this project. I've accepted that I won't get my money back, but if he gets investigated by IC3, at least maybe they will keep this from happening to some other poor sap. So, how did that FTC complaint and all the others you were going to file work out for you? Matt is vacationing in Vegas. Is that what the FTC does to people who make poor business decisions? If so, sign me up... FTC my apologizes. Hate to say, but I told a few certain people that this was going to happen. a few months ago, I already submitted a complaint with the FCC. But, Corey I'm up to do anything to help others get a refund. I called my credit card company, and informed them of the situation and they credited me back. But, it wasn't Matt that refunded me. <url>"An update would be great to all of us that funded and we haven't heard anything. If you're holding our money to try and finish the design just please update and let us know"....Thanks.. Matthew couldn't have said it better truly... and I'll partner with you to those who want to buy that bridge LOL!!!!!!! *comments area will have been long since dead. Lia, The "radio silence" says it all. If he had really taken out a 2nd to fund this project, then he would be keeping his main backers in the loop; in fact, that type of commitment only happens with business owners that are in the final stretch of completion and believe so strongly in their project that they'll do whatever it takes to finish it up can make it happen. I know this from personal experience. I have enough business background to recognize this for what it is: Huber got in over his head and right now is probably struggling to just meet his mortgage, etc. with his REAL job. If he's still so invested in this project then where is the marketing? Where are the press releases to 3rd parties to build up interest and potentially gain additional funding? As I said in my earlier posting, Huber's update made it clear that his initial prototype did not work and he was hoping that an infusion of cash would allow him to figure out how to make it work. That didn't happen (as per his update--it won't measure correctly. All indications are that he misrepresented how far along he was in the process--a problem that would have kept many of us from investing in the first place. As I've said all along, I'll retract anything I've said if he delivers, but since he hasn't updated in two months I think it's clear that this project is dead in the water. If he somehow manages to get funding in another year or so or sells off what he has done to date, all of us will receive nothing--as this comments are will have been long since dead. One other thing: He has not responded to email offers to receive business advice or any kind of additional help. The guy is covering his tail. He took two months to even admit that there was a problem to begin with. He's an amateur wannabe and this venture will forever be on his resume. Ask anyone else who's ever tried to get something personal taken down. Any future investors or potential jobs that he applies for will only have to Google "Matt Huber," Idaho, and "The Huber Group" to pull up this page. Good luck to him; he'll need it! An Update would be great to all of us that funded and haven't heard anything. If holding our money to try and finish the design just please update and let us know. I do agree with you Matthew. Especially on the "radio silence" as it does get frustrating. But, he has taken out a 2nd mortgage. If that's not dedication idk what is, regardless of his ability to run a business. It's tough on every end. Hopefully lesson learned. It was $$ we were willing to risk and now it's tied up. Such is life. Maybe we'll get a bottle next year for Christmas...or maybe never. Guess we will just have find out. Lia, I agree with your comment; however, the Kickstarter terms require Matt to fulfill the project or refund the money: A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Based on Matt's progress update, it's pretty apparent that he spent the money and is unable to fulfill the rewards; therefore, he is required to refund the money. If he is still trying to fulfill the rewards, then he should report his intentions. His last (and probably final) update was in December. I think the radio silence indicates that he has abandoned the project. I don't expect to receive a refund or a bottle. Matt misrepresented the stage of his initial project and has no clue how to run a real business. That's life. I'm not going to cry about my "investment," but to anyone who still has their head in the sand: I have a bridge I want to sell you... I haven't been keeping up with comments much but after reading them I felt compelled to leave my own. This is a project...kickSTARTER. We backed the Ilumi bottle bc we like the idea of it. We put in our money to not only be an owner of the first generation of Ilumi, but created the platform in order for these awesome bottles to be created. Of course there will be kinks! (I have to update my apple whatever's like all the time for kinks) Would I have loved my bottle in 3 days? Sure! But I BACKED the project! I would love the Ilumi reminder that I suck at drinking enough water and I live in the desert so that's why I invested. But hey, there is still hope! Don't jump ship just bc it's been six months! I say go for it Huber, do what it takes to get this done, and I'll be here when you've succeeded. Project fails, there is an obligation of repayment. Refund claims under the terms of the KickStarter. Please refund immediately. Contact* apologize stilly iPhone autocorrects are crazy lol Frostburn, best bet is to context kickstarter and report the creator for not delivering the reward then kick starter will not do anything. Contact your credit card company and explain the situation and they will start a dispute and the creator has A certain number of days to provide proof that you got your item and of course he doesn't have any so the credit card company will reverse the charge Refund please... :( Nick, Sorry - No I will not. I will assist other backers on how to contact their credit card company and talk to them because no refunds came from the creator. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Ronald...go away...please PLEASE tell me that English is not your first language..... This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Who let Ronald out of his cage again? I don't think any one here has been all for Matt.... just against you, Ronald. Since you graced us with your presence ,please explain how the tos have been violated. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I'm sure you're likely gone, Matt, likely to never return. If you do though, I would very much appreciate a refund of my pledge - for the bottle, extra cap, and cheekily - the shipping I paid for. You should license out your design/patent for some other company to pick it up... Honestly, it was a good idea, but you've proven you were out of your depths with it. Refund me please!!! My patience regarding possible updates is definitely over. I think you had more than enough time for that. I definitely want a refund of my pledge! stil haven't received refund I'd like an update. This is the least you can do to save some face. If this isn't possible prove you're a decent person and refund my pledge. Kickstarter needs to start going after these people who steal our money and run. According to the Kickstarter FAQ: Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Of course, if Kickstarter doesn't enforce those terms, we're the ones who get screwed. This guy has obviously stolen our money. Time to step up Kickstarter staff. Please refund me as well. Money was pledged for production cost with the agreement that I'd get a product, not for R&D and the potential for a product if things worked out. Project fails, there is an obligation of repayment. Refund claims under the terms of the KickStarter. Please refund immediately. I'm proud loud and happy to be gay Not embarrassed at all. We still got ripped off and lied to period Ronald Embarrassed? No! Well you should be, my point proved in 3 messages. Brilliant. Well done and good for you, I need say no more. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Matthew - go read ALL 35 + connects on latest update. I'm not going any where ;) This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Ronald, please go away. I guess we will have to wait a year as there is nothing else we can do. The money has gone so rather than complaining about a couple of $$, I'll just see what happens and hope Matt produces the item. This was a funding project not the purchase of a product and as such came with a risk. The risk was clearly greater than we were led to believe and Matt has obviously managed this badly, hopefully he isn't using this as course work for his business degree as it would be a massive fail. I have read most of your posts and whilst I think you have genuinely tried to help people get their money back; you have, like your last post been rather rude, mocking, smug and in some posts even ridiculous in the actions you have taken against Matt. Remember the old but still true saying of innocent until proven guilty? You possibly have the right to be all of the above as you have had your money back, however this also means you no longer have a right to be a part of the of the project and to know whether it succeeds or not. If I have to wait then fine but that is my decision not yours and why do you care? Surely you now have better things to be doing with your time, so please as stated at the start of this message, go away. Lol !!!! Ok y'all wait a year for another update oh wait let me be specific "a few months to a year " LMAO y'all are so naive How could I possibly have anything to say when Anthony and Nick have said it all for me, but since apparently you missed it I will repeat it for you. And I quote - "Totally agree - all I ever wanted was an update. As I said earlier if he provides an update stating sorry guys just couldn't make it happen then that's fine :)" Your words Ronald, not mine...... Pretty sure that is exactly what Matt did. Anthony, I wish there was a way to "LIKE" your post. Ronald, I am having a hard time understanding why you are even still concerned with this project. You have received a refund, thus are no longer a part of this project. I can not post to projects I am not a part of. I wish that were the case with you. I am very tired of seeing that there is a new comment only to come here and see that it is you. Could you please do us all a favor and no longer post on this project? You have no rights anymore to question anything about this project. Ronald, He said he's trying, that's good enough for me. Fortunately I'm in a decent position in life where I can afford to back a project for $35 and if it doesn't work out, it doesn't phase me too much. I'm sure you think you've won, and you've stood up against the wrong doing of others, but all you did was get a refund from a credit card company and talk an absurd amour of shyte about a guy you don't even know. So no Ronald, I don't have much to say. I will wait and if the product is delivered, then good. If not, oh well. I wish Matt nothing but the best with his project. You on the other hand, need to go out and achieve something in life. It's sad how you continue to troll this page to virtually pat yourself on the back. I still feel very sorry for you, you're a sad little dude. Cheers buddy :) Anthony, Harry, Christopher. - nothing to say ? So from his latest update, he spent most of the money pledged on testing the sensors ? How do you plan to finance the production to get everyone who pledged their rewards? From your project description (as several others mentioned before) you only needed the money for the startup of the production... From my side your information policy is some kind of weak, it leaves the impression for me that you intentionally did NOT inform your backers for such a long time. Ok so is this up or not? I haven't gotten an update OR a refund. I want my refund Well what else could I think ? I like others were thinking many things. But yes I'm happy about the update but still proves nothing and gives us nothing. We have many facts now from his update. One is that information provided on the main campaign and the reason for funding was a lie as their are no prototypes, so say whatever you want, call me whatever you want, I truly don't care. All I know is I was right to some degree and have the right just like others who backed this projects. Everyone needs one person to take their pitiful, naive frustrations out on someone and who else better than me who spoke out the most regarding MY RIGHTS per the TOS I accepted and the creator accepted. I await your next immature comments :) Damn...It's too bad Matt wasn't able to get the project off the ground. I know everybody was really looking forward to their ILUMI Smartbottles. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. And I quote - "Totally agree - all I ever wanted was an update. As I said earlier if he provides an update stating sorry guys just couldn't make it happen then that's fine :)" Your words Ronald, not mine...... Pretty sure that is exactly what Matt did. Ron - You're telling others to stop their accusations, while you were busy making your own about this project. So stop being a hypocrite and leave. I invested more than 34 dollars. So please stop making accusations as you don't know my facts or how much I put into this. So, stop taking your pitiful frustrations out on me. If you read my comments I would have been totally happy with my lost if their had been true communication and actually facts. But the latest update proves many things. Anthony - just because I was correct from the beginning after the first month of not updates. And finally their is an update about not getting another update for 3 months to a year.. And also no real prototype..everything in his latest update doesn't make sense at all from what his objective was upon reaching funding. So, go ahead and call me names.. I'm much more mature than that so ask yourself who's the childish one ?? Happy holidays and have a safe new year Ronald, you already got your refund. Go away. You're a naggy annoying childish person and you don't understand what it is to "invest in a project" Your ignorance is laughable, please take your refund and disappear from this project page. You were funny at first but you're becoming ridiculous. There is no excuse for Matt's lack of communication but your attitude and snarky quips make you seem like an absolute piece of s***. I hope your $34 was worth dragging this man through the dirt and accusing him and his wife of being thieves. Guess my prediction was spot-on. The only issue that doesn't line up is that the sensor only recently didn't work coming off the line. If the design was good, what changed? I'm guessing the failure to update for so long is that you thought the extra money would help you work out the original design flaw and failed to mention that in your original presentation. If this is not the case, how about letting us know what went wrong with the production. Again, being honest is the only way to generate any level of trust. Also, how did you decide who to give refunds to? The people who squawked the loudest? Oh brother... I'd like to think you will get this back on track, but I've already chalked it up to poor management, so I'm not holding my breath. If you really want to learn something from this, then you need to reach out to those of us who gave you a shot and were only angry because you didn't keep us in the loop. Perhaps those of us that have experience with business -- whether in design, manufacturing, or marketing -- could help you figure out how to avoid this in the future. Like I said in my original post, I never thought you stole the money, but you've not shown a great deal of faith in keeping your investors in the loop. Good luck. After logging into FB on my iPad and going to his wife's page and clicking on his name from their it does take me to another FB page that does work but isn't the one listed under his contact info. But, love the bike and huge truck ;) Harry - I tried the Facebook link you posted and got: I'll try from a PC and a Mac This content is currently unavailable This content is currently unavailable The page you requested cannot be displayed right now. It may be temporarily unavailable, the link you clicked on may have expired, or you may not have permission to view this page. Sign Up for Facebook Totally agree - all I ever wanted was an update. As I said earlier if he provides an update stating sorry guys just couldn't make it happen then that's fine :) I agree with Harry. I did leave a msg on his wife's page and sent a email to ride decals, I could get his Facebook page through one of the tags in his wife's page. Fishy: a new truck in October. Though I cannot blame his truck for $50, atleast a honest apology that he couldn't make it will keep this to rest. Has anyone thought of messaging his wife Riley Huber <url>"functional prototype" means nothing. I doubt the bottle ever worked; otherwise we would have real updates. My guess is that the Huber Group had a design that worked on paper. They mocked up a bottle with some LED's and went to work. The actual cost of getting the electronics to a functional stage ended up costing way more than they thought, and the $35k was spent on that development. I don't think he went out and bought a truck, etc. So it's a manufacturing tale that has been repeated ad naseum. Right now, he's frantically trying to figure out how to get the extra 30k he needs to bring the thing to market. But if he had those resources, he would have never been on Kickstarter to begin with. People always overestimate what it will take to complete a project like this. Our only hope is that he's able to get the extra funding he needs from an angel somewhere and then we'll see something when the real manufacturing gears up. But that's a long shot. The problem is that Matt Huber doesn't seem to have the stones to admit where things went wrong and communicate in a forthright manner. I wouldn't mind the loss if I felt like I was really a part of his dream and it just didn't work out. Heck, I've given other people money just because I liked what they were trying to do, even if they had no shot of pulling it off. I would respect him if he had communicated honestly with us. But The Huber Group is like too many other corporations nowadays and too many other scam artists. Take the money and then whine when things don't work out--never taking any responsibility to those that got them the chance in the first time. Shame on Matt Huber. If I am wrong, let's see a post that disputes it. I will publicly retract my "best guesses" and send a written apology to Matt. Guess the pic of him standing by a new red muscle car should have given me my first clue... Good luck in the future, Matt. The real-world business community is more closely connected than you think. This will come back to bite you someday. All any future investor/hiring company will have to do is Google "Matt Huber" and they will have access to all of these comments and your complete lack of professionalism. Kickstarter guidelines are clear that if a creator cannot deliver there should be a return of funds. What I do not understand is KS continues to take no responsibility when things like this happen. This would be fine if KS were more like Craig's List, but KS actively solicits people to come to its site and pledge money from which KS takes a cut. I'm no great legal mind, but it seems that some type of nexus between all the parties is created here, but it would appear that KS receives all the benefit, and no risk. Even eBay assumes some risk with little to no vetting of the sellers beforehand. I have never created a project, but KS does at least a limited amount of vetting. So my question is, why does KS have no responsibility here. It would appear that there canned responses to the possibility of fraud is nothing more than a "Not my problem, please go away" As more people realize that KS is a great way to use the KS brand to quickly scam hundreds or thousands of people the crowd funding model will disappear much as our ILUMI has. If I were KickStarter I would be more anxious to protect my image as a trusted facilitator as that is the very bedrock of their business model. @Harry Can you clarify what FB page is up for Matt? The one in the Kickstarter profile has been down for a while. Also, if the issue is refunds for when consumers get no returns on their investment results in higher merchant fees, what recourse is there for consumers? I can't pass judgment on the intention to scam, but I have seen other scams that have had much more personal involvement from the scammer, including face to face meetings. Many people have no fear of providing personal information such as pictures, names, phone numbers and addresses to scam on the internet. There is less fear of personal confrontation; the scammer feels isolated. After all, who plans on taking a trip to Idaho to confront Matt about the project? Also, no one has been able to verify the existence of Jeremy Ford and J4 design, presumably in Idaho. A posted video is not adequate validation as it could have been anyone. All of this is just supposition. J4 could be an independent small side business for an individual and may have taken a loss just as the backers appear to have. In my opinion, Kickstarter exists to help people get their ideas executed. Kickstarter's platform entices backers with offering of rewards for backing. Creators can utilize other platforms if they do not want to offer a reward. In essence, backers on Kickstarter are like investors. There are risks involved and these should be considered by backers due to the history of fraud on Kickstarter and other crowd funding sites. If creators continue to disappear on backers with no report on the final outcome, that is not fair to the backers. It also poses a risk to the concept of crowd funding. If society doesn't feel there is valid trust factor they will not back projects; where does that leave the creators who are trust worthy? So I close my excessively long comment :-) with one question for you: if backers who get refunds from Amazon and credit card companies are wrong due to the potential impact on merchants, why aren't crowd funding creators wrong when they abused the trust of their backers and thus potentially hurt other creators due to ruining consumers trust in the crowd funding platform? If jilted backers can get their funding back, although it may hurt merchants it does help the crowd funding platform when people feel there is recourse for abandoned projects. Projects where creators did inform backers of the inability to follow through (which usually coincides with the inability to refund backer funds) are different. I know no one will be able to convince you that Ronald's passionate opinion for this project is valid. Nor will I be able to convince Ronald your passionate opinion is valid. No one is right, and no one is wrong...they are personal opinions and we should respect them as such. Per Kickstarter guidelines a creator is supposed to be able to fulfill their reward obligations. The inability to accomplish this is supposed to result in backer funds returned. With this as a guideline why are backers in the wrong collecting their money from a credit card company when creators violate Kickstarter policy? Perhaps we shouldn't consider Matt violating policy yet, but the last update was over two months ago and reported the project was targeted for a mid December delivery.... I presume he meant Dec 2013. At what point do we consider him unable to deliver? Backers and Kickstarter have been unable to solicit a response from him. Guess that other question wasn't my last.... :-) FYI everyone.... Justed checked and Matt's facebook page is back up. @ Neal, I understand the frustration, but it is what it is at this point. The credit card has no direct connection to Matt and none of that money will come back from him via credit card refunds. Demanding a credit card refund will not hurt Matt in any way. Either the credit card company will eat it or amazon payments will be responsible. Either way, there is no "insurance" for this as mentioned earlier. It is passed on in the form of constantly rising merchant fees, which is then passed on to the consumer. You still won't convince me that the entire thing was a scam and Matt set out to take or money from the start. The guy put his face, address, etc out there for everyone to see, do you really believe he would do that if he intended to scam us all. What I do believe could be a strong possibility is that he ran out of money or realized that he could not complete the project with the money he had does not know how to handle the situation. @Harry I think the issue is not just the loss, but that Matt gets to go out and buy a new truck with our money and doesn't even post a thank you. Here are my findings: 1) No update from Matt (if that's his real name) since Oct 7th (nothing in 60 days!!!) 2) Amex told me to call Amazon 3) You need to reach Amazon Payments, not Amazon Customer Service 4) Amazon Payments will call me back and inquire with Kickstarter. 5) Chris M. at Amazon Payments is one cool efficient dude ... I should update this post in 2 days as Amazon Payments promised to get back to me. @MrShortFry, That's just the same mail @Ronal and others received. I guess Kickstarter don't give a shit about about their own general conditions. I won't post the entire update but I have received a reply back from Kickstarter with regards to the status of this project, but want to quote part of it to update others: "...I certainly hope that this will motivate the creator to post an update, and communicate more effectively moving forward. In any case, we've made a note of this project and the status will certainly be taken into consideration should the project creator submit another project..." Basically Matt will have issues if he tries to kickstart another project and they have reached out on our behalf to remind him of this project and suggested we do the same, which we already have. I personally would suggest we wait until January (the date supplied on his ilumi bottle website) and hope he apologies for the severe lack of updates (and an explanation why)... If we hear nothing by then we should club together to arrange a class action lawsuit. @ Harry, I second Mark. This crowd funding platform is not a place to commit fraud. And that is the job if kickstarter. If they won't take responsibility. I am out and they will be out of business in no time. As this works on trust. @Harry I won't defend Ronald, but $34 or in my case $100 is a lot of money for some people. Not everyone who pledges has the money to treat it as a lottery ticket, nor should they have to. This whole crowd funding thing falls apart when all trust and accountability is gone. It really would be nice to get an update from this Matt. As you can see, the lack of update hasn't been assuring your backers who fear you have abandoned this project that had such high potential. We don't require any apologies, only a forthcoming update from you explaining the current state of the project, if you can or cannot fulfill pledges and if you can - when we can expect them; and if you can't, when you will be refunding backers as per Kickstarter rules, terms & conditions. Ronald - I really wish you and your refund would go away. It gives me a headache to read what your multiple postings, but it is like a train wreck and I can't help but suffer through. Relax, take a deep breath, gather your thoughts and try really hard to get it all out in one reply this time. The time and effort you have put in over $34 is unreal. You really don't even justify a response any longer, but I just can't help myself. IF YOU CAN"T AFFORD TO ASSUME THE FINANCIAL RISK, PERHAPS KICKSTARTER IS NOT FOR YOU. @Steven - Thanks for the heads up mate, really appreciate it! Would be really cool if Matt gave an update. Good or bad, I don't really care. After all, this is not buying a product, but supporting a project. Some projects finish others fail. To not tell the backers which outcome to expect, is being a coward. @Richard - It's too late try getting the refund through Amazon. You should call up your credit card company and get them to do a chargeback over item not received. The thing is, most CC issuers have quite a large timeframe (mine is a whole year) for doing chargebacks, so I'll be waiting a bit longer to see if Huber pulls through in the end (doubt it) or at the very least provide an update before dropping the hammer. @Ronald - would it be possible to get a refund through amazon payments or is it too late? Lol better contact my "family lawyer" over $34 ahahaha you're a joke Harry - is their an ignore user feature on here? Lol it's so sad that you state because my credit card issued me a refund that it'll come back around in fees you have no idea what type of credit card I have or really anything about me. The fact is, I backed up and paid for something I didn't get and got my refund so all of us that did get a refund your now chastising us for requesting our money back. If he the creator came back and have updates or even LIED and said I'm sorry but blah blah blah no rewards then I consider that a lost in my pledge to him and wouldn't care. But, this is total FRAUD and being a victim of fraud, I don't take this shit lightly and no one should get away with it. So your a troll just as much as me if you want to consider me a troll for doing what I can do in my legal rights and per my family lawyer So are you a lawyer too and know everything about that as well as because me and a few others have got a refund..... And "it will come around in fees to us " comment lol you don't know what your talking about dude. If the creator doesn't respond to my credit card company then guess who is responsible .... The creator and Kickstarter and amazon payments and these are major companies who have insurance for those purposes so educate yourself you fool @all - those who are now noticing and asking about how to get a refund .. The only way at this point is call your credit card company ASAP !!! And you'll get a refund via that route. Good luck, Ronnie @ Harry -- lol again - taking you poor frustrations that you and the rest of us got screwed ..... And don't want to admit that your wrong. I didn't even read that's stupid immature long ass response. Peace on earth :) Lol Anthony I'm no "keyboard warrior" I'm trying to help other backers who want to know how to get thief money back and I find it SO FUNNY that people like you are so naive and don't take action against FRAUD. PERIOD so save the tissues for yourself buddy :) I'm happy I have already reached out to Kickstarter and got a canned response back telling me to reach out to the campaign owner which I have already done. Kickstarter is not helping either. I just sent an email to Amazon payments to see if they can help. @Jeff. Matt has not logged onto KS in almost 2 months. He is not reading these comments. The only people getting money are Matt, KickStarter, and Amazon. It's a shame the latter are not more proactive in addressing the situation, but your best bet is to send an email to KickStarter and expire your frustration so maybe the next guy won't get ripped off. As for me I'm pretty much done. Between the majority of projects being months late and losing all my money on others, I really don't see KS bringing much value to my side of the equation. Hello Matt- Myself and many others are wondering if you could post an update as to the status of this project? At this point, I think many people just want their money back as it does not look like we will be getting any Smartbottles. Thanks. i am curious as to why no updates.... Sorry to interrupt.. LOL @Ronald I've never seen such a hardcore keyboard warrior go in this deep over a kickstarter pledge. Take that refunded money, and buy some tissues. You're gonna need them for the rest of your life while you try to "battle back" against the "evil forces" of the corporate world. I'm disappointed we haven't seen the product by now, but I've backed another project that ran late and I still received my product. (Of course, the quality of THAT product was shamefully bad, so I sold it on eBay for what I could get and chalked it up to experience...) I'm in Australia, and am new to this whole Kickstarter thing. How do I go about trying to get a refund? Ronald, you said you were no longer going to respond. You have broken your commitment and that is as "plain as a clear blue sky". @ Kickstarter - can I please have a refund based on Ronald breaking his commitment during this campaign? Back @ Ronald - I should be ashamed? Some day when you realize how ridiculous your little crusade looks we can talk about who is ashamed. I am not in denial, I completely understand that I took a risk when I pledged for this campaign. I may get something, I may not and I can live with that. I UNDERSTAND HOW THIS WHOLE THING WORKS. For now, since I have nothing to loose, I am giving the guy a chance. You on the other hand started your little crusade weeks before the original ESTIMATED completion date and well over a month before the creators updated ESTIMATED date. Even if you are correct in the end, you should be ashamed of your premature actions. The only thing Matt is guilty of it this point is being a bad businessman. That could change. If you honestly believe the credit card company is taking money back from Matt, you should probably educate yourself in how that all works. Most likely Amazon or the CC card company will eat this. But don't worry, I'm sure it won't eventually get passed on to everyone else in form of additional fees. I'm done feeding the trolls for now. Yeah you should be ashamed Harry lol your comments make me laugh I'm here for people asking how to get their money back point blank period In typical Ronald fashion, I have to reply again. Can't keep track of all these negative people. Correction to my correction- Should have been @ Ronald, Sorry, should have been @ Neal, not @ Matt. This multiple reply thing must be contagious. So many negative(not my first choice of words, but I am trying to be respectful as requested by Kickstarter) people, so little time... NEWS FLASH - There is some risk involved in funding a new start-up business on Kickstarter. Those of you who cannot accept that should probably not be pledging money on Kickstarter. YOU DID NOT BUY WATER BOTTLES. You gave Matt some money to get his business started and in exchange he promised you a gift. @Matt - You got your money back, right? Why are you still here? Are you on some kind of crusade to save the world from Matt Huber? Only backers can post comments to completed campaigns. If you have your money, you are no longer a backer. @ NEAL - Seriously... Your are going to back Matt up while berating me and others and them contradict yourself a paragraph later??? Did you even read everything I wrote. I basically acknowledged it wasn't looking good, but we had no hard evidence at this point. Sound familiar? It should,, because its more or less the same thing you said when you contradicted yourself. Evidence plain as the clear blue sky? Really? What evidence? (Oh, there I go defending Matt again! Shame on me)) KICKSTARTER IS NOT AN ONLINE RETAIL STORE. THERE IS SOME RISK INVOLVED. IF YOU CANNOT FINANCIALLY ACCEPT THAT RISK, DO NOT PLEDGE MONEY ON KICKSTARTER. I want to believe that this project is still going to be delived, but it looks to me like this is not going to happen. All the other projects that I funded, when late, posted regular updates so that bakers would have an idea of what's going on. Two months with no news and no answer to various contact attempts from bakers does no reassure me. @Ronald: What course of action would you recommend for international backer ? I presume contacting kickstart and amazon payment isn't exactly going to get back my money by magic ? Yeah Ron, I've seen the same thing by a lot of backers. They never seem to find fault with a kickstarter. I've seen companies lie and cheat to get more and more backers then take forever and then some to deliver a product that doesn't live up to what they were selling. Yet backers are there defending them. People just don't ever want to accept when they were taken advantage of. Then the more they defend a bad company the more they have to keep defending so they won't look even more foolish to themselves and others. I can't say for certain everyone here was ripped off. Yes we don't need updates but the sheer volume and number of people (official like Amazon and KS) and unofficial like backers would indicate this project is dead and likely our money went into his pocket. You welcome Rachael!!!! I'm glad you Got your money back. You welcome Rachael!!!! I'm glad you Got your money back. The evidence is plain as a clear blue sky! Real evidence is opening your eyes and see that a true creator will provide updates to his 782 backers especially if " he ran into issues along the way with the programming guy" and how quickly he found another one.. WOW... The point is yes he's not NOT OBLIGATED TO PROVIDE UPDATED but what sort of campaign manager or project manager is that??? Where he hasn't logged in since OCT 12th, 2013... Kickstarter.. The company he has accepted terms and agreement with .. Kick starter has yet to get ANY response from Matt huber or this project for 3 weeks now... So, believe whatever you want. Also, when you dispute a transactions the creator has to respond within a certain amount of days/weeks and he has not responded or sent in ANGTHING TO MY CREDIT CARD COMPANY... Use your common sense ... Wtf does that tell you.. I'm tired of the people that are so blind and so badly don't want to get ripped off... We'll guess what you did and the longer the you wait to call your credit card company then.. You will never get a refund and Matt will get away your money. I am no longer going to respond to people who are blinded by what they can't see or chastise me for at first ASKING and nicely sending messages to Matt asking for an update .. Where he use to respond .. BEFORE OCTOBER .... So, every consumer has the right to file a complaint with the BBB AND THE FTC even if they has any doubt a company is a fraud so you know what....I'm taking my legal rights and excersizing them!! So, leave me along and go live in this world where you like getting ripped off and lied too Ron, I would laugh if by doing what you did, you just ruined it for the rest of us. "It is a little tight right now but we are looking at a mid December delivery date. We will however hold the delivery date back if we feel like the bottles are not meeting our quality expectations when production units start to come in as we would rather have a good quality product than rush something to market. We are going to really focus on that date though as we know many of you would like to have them for Christmas." That came exactly as is from the very last update. And seeing as it is currently December 1, we still have some time. I am sure I'll get crucified for this, but WOW!!! This project isn't even officially late yet. He has no obligation to update us, though it is recommended. I agree that things are looking a bit suspicious, but you guys are ready to publicly stone this guy for nothing more than lack of communication at this point. There is always some risk involved with kickstarter and if all I loose is $35 out of the 45 projects I have backed than I can live with that. Can ANYBODY provide any real evidence that he has no intentions of providing a product yet? I live in the US, Matt lives in the US and I believe as Us citizens we are considered innocent until proven guilty. I have seen no proof yet. If any of these comments were made 3 months from now and we still hadn't heard anything I would be right there with you. Thank you, Ronald! I just called and got my refund on all eight bottles. I hope Matt gets sued for his actions. I also informed the FTC regarding kick starter has a terms if agreement that the creator accepts but kick starter doesn't hold then to it I got my refund by call my credit card company also file a report with the FTC with Matt huber, the huber company, and ride decals, LLC because the huber group is a child or mother of ride decals If you quickly call it credit card company... I called mine about 2 weeks ago and got my refund via my credit card also I reported Matt huber and ride decals to the FTC We missed the deadline for refund via Amazon Payments, but I wonder if we band together somehow to protest it, if they wouldn't consider giving all of us our money back. Calling them tomorrow. Also calling my credit card company. I'm completely disgusted that KickStarter takes no responsibility if people don't don't deliver and just take our money. Matt Huber just made $35K for doing absolutely nothing (besides scamming us all). There has to be something we can do. We missed the deadline for refund via Amazon Payments, but I wonder if we band together somehow to protest it, if they wouldn't consider giving all of us our money back. Calling them tomorrow. Also calling my credit card company. I'm completely disgusted that KickStarter takes no responsibility if people don't don't deliver and just take our money. Matt Huber just made $35K for doing absolutely nothing (besides scamming us all). There has to be something we can do. Let me correct my previous comment. The website states pre-order this fake product..... for January.... but, if you click on Project by: Matt Huber + The Huber Group (which isn't the real companies name (Via the public records in Nampa,ID) they haven't logged in since OCT 12th, 2013 - I'm reporting that website and Matthew T. Huber and Ride Decals LLC to the FTC @Wendy - OMG.....THey are freaking selling a product that isn't made?!?! Well after reading all the recent comments I must say I am a bit disheartened about this. Had to go a-googling and stumbled on this: <url>#Acco Thanks again for writing in to let us know about this situation, and I'm sorry that your experience with this project has been unpleasant thus far. I hope you hear back from the creator soon. Thanks, Katie I recommend other report this project to kickstarter as well Kickstarter told me that if he tries to Crete a new project he will have to go through a lot of hoops but I canny believe we are getting f***** and our money stolen from us. DOESNT MATTER WHAT THE UPDATE SAYS ABOUT DELIVERY- All we are asking for is an update Jesus Tiffany - I sent my funds via amazon payments too. What's going on Huber Group?!?!?!?! People are freaking out because there's a good chance that Matt burned though funds he didn't count on when dealing with the same issues causing the delay's. Layer that with the silent treatment and maybe you start wondering if Matt assumes it's easier just to ditch the whole thing. When your bringing something like this to market the margins are razor thin if there is any margin at all. There's stories a'plenty of KS projects just going broke. At that point your pretty much SOL as you get get blood out of a stone. Or maybe it's some diabolical plot and he's sitting on a beach in Aruba. More likely he's just scared shi%^less to come on here and deliver more bad news. "It is a little tight right now but we are looking at a mid December delivery date." Why are people freaking out? KS projects nearly always miss their shipping deadlines. So it looks like this was a waste of time and money. Could we possibly report him to Amazon as well? I had to set up my payement with Amazon, I'm not sure if everyone had to as well. Hy Backers - Got an email back from kickstarted, and they reach out to him and reminded him of the terms and agreement and if he cannot fulfill our rewards or give us an update he has to refund us our money back. Hey guys - I have contacted kick starter regarding this project Ticket #273***: A Kickstarter project that many of us backers backed - has st... We've received your request (#273***) and we'll get back to you as soon as we can. Our support hours are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, and response time may vary based on submission volume. In the meantime, please review our Frequently Asked Questions at the link below to see if they may be of any help. @Korey - I'm not sure I've never ran into this problem where a kickstarted campaign would TOTALLY IGNORE US like these guys are doing Is there any accountability for these guys how do we get our money back or is it gone? I have noticed a very disturbing trend lately with projects having "LUMI" in the title. I've backed 3 projects now with "LUMI" in the title and all threee have failed miserably to not only meet the delivery date but also fail to provide updates, communicate, or even put fourth a reasonable effort that would even make anyone consider they have a product. Its evident these guys have put fourth a BOGUS product with staged photos and have no intention to deliver a product. So what alternatives do we have now. This is a shame for such a great community of people trying to deliver quality products and innovative ideas. While these guys probably walked away with our hard earned money the real consequences will come when others dont back other projects because of an experience like this. Trust me when I tell you something that looks to good usually is and be careful what you guy (and gals) support in the future. Issues are bound to come up, but the lack of communication is amazing. They seem like good people but they need to understand we are the consumer that keeps this project afloat. It takes 5 mins to write an update. Hopefully they get one up soon. We have no idea what's going on at this point... We have no idea what's going on at this point... Are these still being shipped in November? My apologies again mark but like you said and many other what's with the updates!?!?!?!!!! Mark not all projects are late I've had great experiences and have already backed up three projects when I started and they were all delivered on time... Applied accepted, also this campaign is by far the worst regarding updates, keeping us informed @Ronald Sorry you misunderstood. I was just saying that all projects are late and agreeing with you that the lack of communication from Matt shows a lack of respect to all of us. I was not referring to you at all. This will be my last post responding to you or talking to you and again suggest you keep things that aren't nice to yourself and telling me I'm not showing respect. This project is not showing ANY respect... We haven't had an update in over a month or about a month.... And I understand that SOME not ALL don't get shipped on this but this is totally UNACCEPTABLE So what about your comment.. You also shows lack if respect for this project.. But, that's right you made the comment so it's ok right? Mark- I understand and I'm one if those backers who made this happen so I don't appreciate your rude comment and suggest you keep those types to yourself. I'm just clearing stating the facts like all the other backers. @Ronald never count on a KS project coming in on time. However the lack of timely communication regarding issues or otherwise is getting tough to swallow. I understand not wanting to come on here with bad news or no news, but I think it shows a lack of respect for the people that helped make it happen. This is by far the worse project I have backed I was wanting to give this as a Xmas present .....and not having updates then excuses after excuses...... I'm going to get in touch with kickstarter I agree .... Can we call or contact kickstarter???? Bump .... update time I'm going to need to change my shipping if we are looking at a mid-December date. Where are you and where are our updates? This non-response from The Huber Group is really really not ok. I bought 8 bottles and now wish I hadn't. I may have to fight the charges on my credit card if we don't hear something soon within the week. Getting so frustrated with KS lately. Good timely communication that makes you feel a part of something is very much not the norm. There are a few that are great, most seem to think the trip is over when the funds hit their account if not sooner. It will be less frustrating to take a trip to the local Best Buy. I wish there was a way to know who the really good communicators were before hand so I could just take the fun rides :-/ ANOTHER COPYCAT! <url>"no issues, we're on track" or a "slight delay, we'll keep you posted" would be awesome. Hopefully everything's on track as I'm really looking forward to this. I concur, an update would be great! Any Update, even if its not the best news is better than no update. Cant wait to start using it... An update would be great. can't wait for a update :) Hey guys, What's going on? Any updates? November cannot come any sooner! How about anodized titanium? :D Are you still trying to make it possible for a black colour stainless steel? Eagerly awaiting an update :) Congratulations! Congrats on reaching your funding goal and beyond! ETA on the reward survey? I thnk you guys would've raised more money if you answered people's questions who were trying to give you money... Lost opportunity in my opinion at least on the last day. Hopefully communication will be better after funding still excited for my bottle Hi, what specific material (resin/polymer/thermoplastic) is the bottle made of? I know it won't be polycarbonate based on the BPA-free verbiage...but what *will* it be? (You might even be able to leverage the actual specific material product as a selling point; I have seen this type of cobranding on other water bottle products.) Upped my pledge also let's get to 40k woot Alright well I gotta head to work and won't be able to get online before the end of the funding period so I just went ahead and added 15 bucks to my pledge to hopefully get a second lid. I was like Christine was also wondering about getting a second cap.If I add an additional 15$ to my pledge would it be possible to get a second pink lid for the black le bottle? I ask because I am getting one for my girlfriend as a birthday present and black and pink are her favorite colors. I have a quick question about the extra cap option for the first 100 bottles. The "ultimate pkg" description says that there is a choice of any cap color but I also read in one of the comments that it would be a choice between black and one addition color, to save time and get the first bottles out faster. Are we going to be able to pick from all 6 color options? If I want an extra cap, do I need to add the extra $15 now to my $32 pledge? Sorry if this is redundant. I just want to get it squared away before the project closes. Theoretical question on the back of the 40k stretch goal... I believe I was one of the first 200 to pledge. I have just modified my pledge to include an additional $16 for an extra cap - do I keep my original backer number? Well as a LE Black Ilumi Backer I think I might go with a Black cap for my Stainless bottle. Stainless Steel and Black is my style. Hey Ilumi since you can't make it Black Stainless Steel how about Sending us 25 a lime Green cap and a cap color of our choosing? To make up for the non black bottles. Can the cap be used on other standard nalgene style bottles? I think we can get over 40k!!! Can't wait to get my bottle So sorry for the mix up. Was perusing Kickstarter as I was trying to recover from a bad long run in the summer heat.....dehydrated....I'll blame that for my delusions! Had I had my Ilumi I would have been able to see I didn't drink.k enough fluids the day prior or today to take on such a run....hanging head in shame for potentially causing problems....and such a poor performance on the run....going to sit in the corner now. @Anthony B @Nate S. You may have missed it but Matt stated in his last comment that the black bottle option was supposed to be listed in every reward option. He did state they would clarify this in their next update so stay tuned. I am sure they are busy as we get close to the funding period ending! In case you are wondering what makes a regular black bottle different from the limited edition...the limited edition comes with a Kickstarter serial and a production number. Qualities like these are things backers look for so that they can show off that they were truly early supporters and also have some of the first produced products off the production line! Hi Matt,I want to start off by saying I am big fan of your idea for this project especially the fact that you use recycled material.Unfortunitly I did not find out about it until a couple of day ago so I was not able to reserve a black bottle.I was reading thrue some of the earlier posts about how there is a slim possibility of getting black bottle if someone on the list has an invalid payment.Long story short if possible I would like to get a black one so if there is a list of people who are keeping their fingers crossed in hopes of getting a black one I would be most appreciative of you could add my name to that list. rite after Anthony B of course. I am happy to pay extra but like I said I was pretty late on getting in on this so I snagged the only option available. Thank you for you time and consideration If we get to 40K will the first 100 get black bottles? I'd much prefer a black bottle over a white one, black and red cap, or black and navy blue cap would look awesome! But I got in on the earliest backer reward and don't wanna lose my spot! Is there anything that can be done? I'd be very grateful if you would answer my question.... -Is it possible to get a cap in black like in the ILUMI bottle trailer for my stainless steel ILUMI bottle? Thank you Any chance of different bottle colors now that you've tripled the goal? Limited edition black is great and all but a clear/translucent bottle would be super useful for judging water levels without looking. All the tech is in the cap, right? What kind of Bluetooth does the cap have? 2.1 or 4.0? Hey Matt, Don't know what you guys did the other to get such a huge spike in backers, but please do it again a few times, I really want a t-shirt! :-) @Josh. The specs state 24 ounces. @Neal Cooper - Thanks! How much does a ILUMI smartbottle hold? 20oz+? @Josh they were just saying they were not going to create a stainless version just to show it as an example unless they could create it cheaply. They are going to have a stainless steel version though. Which you as a $60 pledger will get. So I just donated $60 to get one of the first stainless steel ILUMI smart bottles and I was wondering I few things... -Is it possible to get a cap in black like in the ILUMI bottle trailer? -As I read below you commented and I quote "we are currently keeping everything digital until we are ready to go forward with the production run unless we can find a local Idaho company that would be able to machine it for under $250. If we will find one we will get one made and post an update so you guys can see it!"....I certainly hope you guys find a reliable source to machine the stainless steel versions but what if you do not? Does my $60 donation not get me anything? Thanks for reading and I can't wait to hear your response! :D Ok so we sky rocketed up there! Any decision on the 25 of us who got black bottles? Will it be black stainless steel with the green cap? There are only 25 of us. I donated 74.00 to get two of them. I just bought a pledge, and then sent it across to my gym owner who owns a studio in Atlanta Georgia and part of her offering is nutrition program that tracks not only food but also water intake. I do marketing and I was wondering have y'all considered doing bottle with corporate logos? I.e. if a gym wanted to buy bottles and have their logo on it and sell it in their studio, would this be something that you consider and would there be a price reduction for bulk purchases? And another question, I know that the cost will rise, but will you be doing a glass bottle line as well? I know you're plastic is BPA, but with the bad PR around plastic bottles and people generating unsupported scientifically buzz on how hazardous it is, are you considering at all this path? Just wondering. So if I wanted another, different color cap than the one that comes with the bottle I would just have to add an extra $15 to my pledge, right? And would I let you know what color in the survey? I just want to make sure because this is a cool idea. Hi Matt, Any chance of getting a loop on the cap or bottle so that you can attach carabiner clips or D-rings to the bottles? Also any chance in the future of having a straw opening under the cap? Perhaps way down the road developing a cap we can drink out of without unscrewing...like a flip top? As much as I love my Sigg bottles....I loved how with the Contigos, Nalgene, and Camelbacks I don't have to remove the lid. As you can see...I love my water bottles...but none of them do what your's does!!!! Can't wait for my Ilumi!!! Shared on Facebook. Looking forward to my own Ilumni bottle. @Matt: I'd also like to see a filter option added. I'd also like to see Shyam's question answered, regarding if the stainless version is double-walled or not. One more question though: would this cap fit a Camelbak bottle? Also: After these become available commercially, will your backers receive a discount on additional purchases? Hi Matt, I have pledged for the Stainless Steel Bottle and wanted to know if it's a Double wall construction to prevent condensation and also about how long does it keep beverages cold.... Another question was a possibility of option of a Black Cap to the Stainless Steel...Just as the one pictured on your description...I think that the current Lime Green cap may make the Green Led not so visible and might not give it same wow factor as putting a black cap...as pictured.. and Congrats for hitting the goal.. The only thing I really want to add to this great product would be a filter if possible! Thanks! @Matt - Just wanted to say great job on the transparency of the project and the interaction and structure of your answers with backers. Just wanted to let you know we (I) appreciate it. AND - WOOT WOOT - GOAL REACHED!!! Same for me, I loved the LE for the black bottle. Any chance of a thermos flask version being developed? One of the reasons I really love the LE is the fact that it was black and green I love the idea of making it stainless but it would be amazing if you could make them black stainless. I'm tempted with the stainless steel bottle. Any chance of photos Matt? Curious also if the first limited edition pledges will remain black. Will there be any difference between those that pledged for the initial black SE and the new Stainless SE? It seems right now that you upped the number of SE pledges allowed? If I pledged for the previous limited edition bottle is it stainless also And is there a difference between the $60 bottle and $50 bottle? Will I also get the shirt and sticker if I pledge for the $50 bottle and the stretch goal is reached? Thanks for the reply! So it will be silver? Is there a difference between the two $50 stainless steel pledge levels? Is one black while the other isn't? Thank you very much for stainless steel! A glass version is potentially interesting, but would it be made transparent, opaque or something between? I guess those kinds of details could be agreed upon as well if there is enough interest. I just pledged 74 dollar on the 37dollar level. I would like to get two bottles. Thanks! Just put us over $9,000.. Only $1,000 more to go for the goal and plenty of time to do it. Great idea and great concept, thanks Matt. Yea Buddy! Pebble Stats in the future. Looks like we're close to the goal. Time to Conjure up some stretch goals Hi Matt, Love this concept. I had a bottle that tracked how much I drank but did not connect to anything awhile back that was testy and did not work well - it has since been taken off the market and I am happy to see someone is reviving the concept. I realize that this would likely not happen with the kickstarter, but I would love to see a glass bottle developed that was interchangeable with the current product. I vastly prefer drinking out of glass, and judging by the explosion of glass water bottles available I don't think I'm alone. Would it be possible to post a video of water flowing out of the bottle? I'm a little unclear on how the actual drinking happens. Thanks for your response and bringing this to market! Diana What power does it run off? USB 5 volt or mains voltage? I am in Australia, is the power supply switching? I know a-lot of manufacturers include 120v - 220v switching power supply, that way it can work in different countries. How about working with Pebble smart watch for Reminders and stats. I just pledge 94 dollar at the 37 dollar level as I want to get two smartbottles with 20 dollar in total for the international shipment I just pledged $74 at the $34 level. I'm wanted to get two. "There is a plug on the bottom of the cap where you can hook the cord in to charge your ILUMI when it starts to get low." --> I live in the Netherlands, does the Ilumi comes with a EU power plug? @Mark Trickey it's in the faq. Hi guys, I just pledged $100 at the limited edition level. I'm hoping to get two (me and the wife), but I haven't seen any posts regarding multiples. @Matt - Thanks for taking the time to respond and provide answers to my questions, it is really appreciated. Its great to see that you guys have taken most things into consideration - unlike a certain project I am currently backing.... I think you are doing an amazing job responding as much as you are. For most of the KS I have funded I am lucky to get a posting from the creators once every few weeks. Yes I am aware of that however if memory serves, Apple has a strict policy for apps with bluetooth 3 that requires a lengthy certification process (not the point just a side note), and that anything including and below an iphone 4 does not support bluetooth 4. Thus for compatibility it would make sense for them to use 3 - for power issues 4 would be better though... Bluetooth 4.0 dual-mode is compatible with previous Bluetooth protocols. Technical question for you too - with regards to the bluetooth of the appilications, will it be bluetooth 3 or 4? While I am assumning that you'll go for 3 for compatibility issues for a wider audience I am hoping that you'll got for 4.... What delays do you see playing part of this project - for most KS projects it is the collection of the address data and amazon not processing backers cards that are invalid. Will you be using the standard KS survey to collect information from backers or a broader service such as Shopstarter. Should you be unable to collect 100% of backer information - which often happens - what percentage will you require in order to move a head with production. The reason I ask is am currently involved in a seperate campaign where they had just over 7300 backers and the they are waiting for 127 backers information before moving ahead with production - 4 weeks past first early backer shipping deadline. Thanks Hi there - just backed your project - very excited about it!! I do have one question though - in order to track the information does the bottle require a constant bluetooth connection to ones phone or does it say keep 7 days worth of data and then sync it all each time its connected. The reason I ask is as follows - say I am at work streaming music to a wireless speaker all day, bluetooth connectivity only allows for a single connection at a time - I would still want my days data to be collected even though the devices are not connected. Thanx Hi, Are the top and screw on the ILUMI of the same size and diameter as a Camelbak bottle? The reason I ask is because I would like to be able to place the Camelbak UV filter on to it, purify the water and then screw the ILUMI cap back on. See <url>~£33 is a small price to pay when I know it will make such a difference for me. PS. Could we have pictures of the limited edition black/lime bottle? Awesome thanks! And Ty for quick reply Hi very excited for this! The way your details page reads that only people that pledged over $31 get the ultimate upgrade if $40k is hit? Am I misunderstanding that the first 25 people whole pledged $31 exactly do not qualify? You guys should look into sharing your data with apps like fitbit which currently require you to manually estimate and enter your water consumption on a daily basis. It would be a good selling point to people who would want the bottle on its own in addition to current owners of fitbits (and other competing products). The first 25 have a black cap, but are the bottles black as well or are they white? Thanks! So I'm confused on the choosing the color cap. I chose the $35 level so I could pick a color other than black as it sounded like the $32 serial number ones only came in black. From update #2 that just came out it sounds like the serial number bottles can pick too? Can I get one with a serial number if this is the case? Awesome project! I'll look forward to se how this project evolves. I was just thinking that it would be a good idea In the app to have a function to control the LED/color to have permanently on/off or even a flashing function for like safety. I like to run at night and it would be awesome to be able to control the LED to have it flash while I run for safety. Do you think it's a possibility? If I pledged for the limited edition bottle do I get the items that are included in the ultimate package? They are the same price so I was just curious? I love water and any type of health related info and this combines the two. It's such a great idea, I can't wait. I love water and any type of health related info and this combines the two. It's such a great idea, I can't wait. I fell in love with this bottle! Just ordenered one straight to Europe. @ Matt: I don't know if you have already implemented metric units to your Android app, but I'd love to hear you're doing so! Hi, What a good idea! I just pledged US$84 for two Early Birds (US$32 each) and US$20 international shipping. Cheers, Robert Hi Matt, Will the app be available for Android as well? Can you provide details on how the bottle is powered? How long it lasts? How it indicates you water consumption status? Good luck :) Thanks! :) Can we see pictures of the other tops? Currently I'm registered for the $31 black edition but if the other colours are nice, I'd bump up. Thanks I hope this helps me drink water more!!! I'm so bad with that yay I'm the first backer! :) I love this idea!!