Middleca- It is possible to carefully remove the key and shave it down with a razor, however, we don't recommend that. We can replace the keyboard with a new one. Please email us at <email>. Thanks! Emmett, When we first came up with the idea for the iZen Bamboo Bluetooth keyboard we were tailoring it for use on the iPad and other future Apple Devices, since Apple was and still is the industry leader in the tablet/smartphone market. So we figured every Apple device owner could use another white cable to use on all of their devices. You know, to keep it standard for the large Apple iPad/iPhone market share population. But since then, Google and others started coming out with really good tablets and smartphones, and we’ve found many other device type owners love our iZen keyboard too. So we are looking at the micro USB for future versions, since almost all smartphone companies are moving to the standard cable, in the near future. Thanks for your suggestion, and thanks for being a customer! Joseph, glad you are having fun rearranging the keys. Please post a pic on our facebook page so we can see it! Thanks for the positive comments everyone! We have now shipped 90% of the rewards. We still have to ship a few of the higher level rewards, and some people who haven't sent in their address yet. Keep in touch by liking us on facebook (www.facebook.com/izenbamboo). Alex/Ulrich, Sorry we don't have a ship date yet. The factory should be shipping the keyboards to us at the end of this month, and we will get them out as soon as we can. It should definitely be sometime in July. Thanks for your patience! Chris, Thanks for letting us know about this. We will send you an email to further discuss. Denis, The first batch has not shipped out. We are going through our quality control checks and will begin sending rewards next week. However, we have a limited number of keyboards available to ship now, so most will be shipping in mid-June. We expect to get more keyboards in early next week and will start shipping out the following week after our quality control check. We sent the address survey to the $85 reward level today and will send it out to the remaining reward groups when we know the ETA of the stands. Next week's shipment has 100 keyboards, so the rest will ship in June as planned. We are also working on offering a keyboard sleeve made with zero plastic, zero waste and zero electricity! We will let you know when we have more news! Katie, The stand is meant to work for iPads and other tablets. Yes, backers can add additional keyboards (with & without stands) by increasing their pledge amount. You can add $85 for an additional keyboard, $100 for a keyboard and stand, or $15 for a stand. Thanks for the suggestion Tom! I will send this via an update in a few days, just in case some people don't read the comments section. We do not currently have a sleeve for the keyboard, but that is something we are working on and will offer in the future. What a great first day! Thanks so much to everyone who has pledged so far. Please help us keep spreading the word, we still have a long way to go! Stuck spacebar, any tips? Thanks! Just got my new keyboard and I love it... its even easy to rearrange the keys to a non-qwerty keyboard. Love it. Just received my iZen and it looks great! The only thing I am mystified by is the decision to use a proprietary apple dock connector rather than a standard USB port for charging. What motivated that decision? All it seems to do is force your customers to buy additional cables from Apple rather than being able to buy much less expensive generic USB cables. Received and loving my Keyboard and stand. Many thanks for making the product and best of luck with future en devours. Robin - received my second iZen A-OK - beautiful - thanks for all the work on a high quality product Man o Man is this thing gorgeous!! In fact it looks so nice im reluctant to use and prefer to stare at it. Robin you did an excellent job!!!! Happy to say my iZen arrived yesterday, it has a great weight and texture to it. Thanks guys! Woohoo! my iZen arrived. Looks nice, though the keys on the rightmost edge (del, \, return, shift) are a little too close and stick; since it's bamboo against bamboo I suspect it'll smooth itself out pretty quickly, or I can take a little sandpaper to them. Smells nice too, which I've never said about a piece of electronics before :-) Hi Robin, any news on the shipment dates, I can't wait to start using my new keyboard. This user's account has been deleted. Robin - many thanks for getting the first iZen to me to go with my nephew's new iPad graduation gift - beautifully made & packaged - the stand is superb. Looking forward to the second shipping out when you're ready. Best of luck. I have received my keyboard reward. It is really beautiful! I am glad things are going well and appreciate the fast delivery. I have one issue, the top of the keyboard panel is slightly separated from the bottom in the back across most of its length. I can see some small metal alignment pins in the crack. I was thinking about glueing it with a needle super glue dispenser. What do you think? Then keyboard works and connected easily to my iPad. Thanks, Chris Hello Robin, so how are things coming along? Thanks for the feedback Robin, much appreciated. I can't wait to see what they look like up close and how the bamboo feels. "this keyboard is renewable, recyclable, and won’t pile up in landfills." I know it's mostly bamboo, but what about the electronics part of it? Is that somehow also renewable or recyclable? Update! :) Did the first batch ship out? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Robin - thanks for kudos on my suggestion - added to my pledge for my nephew as part of his High School graduation present of the new iPad in early June - iZen keyboard will be unique addition to that gift. Great news! Thanks Robin. Does the stand work for an iPad or a Laptop? Looking forward to receiving them in the UK. Great job all the backers Congrats on reaching your funding goal. Have you considered allowing Backers to add additional keyboards (with & without stands) by increasing their pledge amount ? I'd consider at least one more for my nephew. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Saw this on macgasm and it looks sick!