Do you have the Auschwitz card? Message us your address with this request. @Patrick, message us with what email you did use requesting the code and we will get it to you. You're onto us, Chris. The Joking Hazard Experience™ won't be officially complete until the year 2028 when Deck Enhancement #12 comes out, by which point we will have siphoned $150+ from each of your bank accounts. Yep, you guys destroyed that goal. The game will start shipping tomorrow. @DANIEL We haven't received a Kickstarter message from you. Send us one with a summary of your issue and we'll get it fixed! @Alan Hey Alan, send us a message on KS, and we'll find out what went wrong with your order. You should've had your game by now, and we can look into it. @Austin That sucks! Send a KS message and we can queue up a replacement. @Christopher Send a KS message, and one of our people will make sure you get another one. @Matthew Send us a message and we can queue one up to be shipped to you. Sorry for the mistake! @Joel If you sent a KS message one of our people will get to it, and queue up a replacement box to be sent to you. The little number in the box refers to the person who inspected your d*ck. For those wondering on the Target situation, we've managed to temporarily restrict total distribution to about 2,000 total units. We'll post a full rundown on what happened in our next update. It took a lot of effort and phone calls, but we managed to force them to hit the pause button. To those posting about Target selling it for $10 cheaper: This is not the case. The price at Target was $25, which is the same as the lowest tier on the Kickstarter (which also included 30 bonus cards). The $35 price that most of you guys paid was the second tier, which includes the Blast from the Past add-on pack. Super excited to hear that you folks are enjoying the game! If you have any perfect combinations, please post them to our Facebook page. We wanna read 'em! @Jeremiah Red cards are only significant if the judge flips one off the deck at the beginning of the round. If that happens, everyone else plays the 2-panel set up instead for double points. It should say that in the rules printout under "Red Cards". For those of you asking about the order in which rewards are being fulfilled, I asked BlackBox yesterday and this was their response: "Joking Hazard is a large-scale fulfillment, which means that several Blackbox warehouses all around the world are shipping out the orders. Each warehouse will pack as many packages as possible and send out the completed packages each day. There's no hard and fast rule about the order in which packages are going out. However, if you haven’t received a tracking email by Monday, October 17th, email <email> with the email address used to back the Kickstarter project. Our Blackbox customer service team will give you an update ASAP." @Geoff Holy shit, that sucks! Must have been a factory misprint. Send a KS message and we'll get a replacement sent out to you. For those wondering about the Target situation: We have successfully gotten them to pull it off their website, and there are no more shipments coming in. We are super pissed off that it was launched before all of the Kickstarter rewards went out, and we're doing everything in our power to prevent more from hitting the shelves until backer shipments go out. Speaking of which, we've gotten an estimate from BlackBox that the latest date for finishing shipping will be Friday the 21st. They're aware of the Target problem, and we're working together to push that date even sooner. Orders are being sent out crazy fast. Those of you with any damaged or incorrect products, please send us a message on Kickstarter and one of our customer service people will respond to it as soon as possible! (reposting this comment re: Target) Here's what's going on with Target: We agreed a few months ago to let Target sell our game, but ONLY after the Kickstarter shipping was completed. However, there was a major communication breakdown and, without our knowledge, Target was not given the correct launch date for the game. We learned about this at the same time you guys did. This is unfair to our backers and we're really upset by this. We've already been on the phone with our contacts at Target and, as of now, there are no more Target shipments moving in, and they're actively working to pause all distribution of the game to stores. This is not okay at all, we're sorry that it's happening, and we're doing everything we can to stop it. In the meantime, BlackBox is racing to get all your rewards sent out to you, including all those special add-on packs, game mats, and shiny boxes that lowly Target customers will never get to enjoy. @Everyone Here's what's going on with Target: We agreed a few months ago to let Target sell our game, but ONLY after the Kickstarter shipping was completed. However, there was a major communication breakdown and, without our knowledge, Target was not given the correct launch date for the game. We learned about this at the same time you guys did. This is unfair to our backers and we're really upset by this. We've already been on the phone with our contacts at Target and, as of now, there are no more Target shipments moving in, and they're actively working to pause all distribution of the game to stores. This is not okay at all, we're sorry that it's happening, and we're doing everything we can to stop it. In the meantime, BlackBox is racing to get all your rewards sent out to you, including all those special add-on packs, game mats, and shiny boxes that lowly Target customers will never get to enjoy. @Kenneth Yikes! It shouldn't be out yet. We're gonna send you a message to get more info. @Tom Don't lose hope! They're being fulfilled by pledge level for maximum efficiency, so you could be anywhere on the list. @Justin So glad you like it! @Dan - The $60 level offered the power of choice after the project ended! You got to choose which box you wanted, and you picked 1 white and 1 red, so it looks like your order confirmation is correct! :) @Timothy! I'm sending you a message to get some details from you! We assure you that your d*cks are being f**klifted around a w*rehouse, ready to be shi**ed all over the place. Major update coming tomorrow! A good update! Thanks Stefani! Glad you had fun. @Joanna: Only one address, please! It's just a nightmare to have to split pledges with this many people. :) @Avery: You filled out your survey in April. Unless you have changes, you're good-to-go! @SteJ: For the app, there should be a "view pledge" button at the bottom. Guys (and gals)! There's a new update with good stuff in it! Here's lookin' at game. Hey fellas. Major update coming today (final artwork, production status, yadda yadda) Stay tuned. This has been your pre-update update. Artwork is submitted for proofing, once they tell us "Yes this all works" we'll do a big update announcing that! Thanks for your patience, we're really excited to be shipping earlier than planned. Everything is smooth so far! @Dale It'll come with some of our favorite alt ways to play, but we're planning to have a section of the Joking Hazard website for fan rules. @JurassicMatt @Bayley We reworked the box dimensions to fit all the extra cards and then some. We'll be posting the updated box art once we get it finalized (very soon). It looks slightly different than the original concept, but is more or less the same concept. We'll keep you guys posted! @Derek Yep. My favorite one is "Anyone who misreads a card has to drink." @Johnny That's one of the 10 add-your-own-words cards. We recommend setting them aside until you've played the game for a bit, and adding one in whenever you get an idea for a panel. Or use them to insert yourself or your friends in the game. Free PDF is coming tomorrow. There were some difficulties in making them into a PDF, but it's all on track now. Rob here with some mini-updates not yet deserving of a full update: BOXES: We are in the midst of designing them, and have come up with a way for you to fit all your extra Kickstarter cards into the default box, with room to spare. Yay! No need to throw your cards all over the floor like an animal. PDF VERSION: On track to release this weekend, or next week at the latest. Will comprise base game, including 10 add-your-own words cards. OVERALL SCHEDULE: We are on track to deliver earlier than promised, the question of how much earlier will be known in the coming few weeks as we zero in on a ship date. CHANGING YOUR ADDRESS: This is possible at any point after completing your survey but before the ship date. @Bayley At this point we can only give you a hint: the release month has between 29 and 32 days in it. We are anticipating shipping to be much earlier than planned, but it's too early to give an exact date yet. Stay tuned! @scootie89 Yes! Once the shipping date is known and announced, we will send out repeated reminders to update your shipping address as the date approaches. Nice try @Matthew. @PJ You can update your address any number of times between the survey and the actual ship date. Additionally, once we know what the ship date is, we'll announce it to everyone and send you reminders about finishing your survey / changing your address if you need to. Hey folks! Mini update here: Everything is still going smoothly. The next official update will come when the card artwork is finalized and print-ready, and the free PDF version will be released at that time. Expect that update around the end of April / beginning of May. We're also going to be sending out the Kickstarter survey in the next week or so. @MasterDisaster64 There's already a card where green says "Oh yeah? Prove it." :) Expect the PDF in late April or early May. We're in the midst of formatting, tweaking the artwork, and getting it print ready. It's going excellently. Hey dudes, we're gonna be sending out updates for big milestones as we reach them. Completing design work on the cards will be the first one. If there's enough interest in weekly updates we could do them, but from our perspective we'd rather focus really hard on getting the game out, and only announce things that are worth announcing. We'd love to hear your feedback on what kinds of updates you want to see from us though, just let us know here! Good news for those of you wanting to customize your blank cards game-by-game: the factory got back to us and confirmed that the cards are dry-erase marker friendly. Hey guys! We will give you updates throughout the process of developing the game. Expect the first one in a couple weeks! Our first priorities will be getting the card designs print-ready and getting that PDF version up, which both go hand in hand. At this moment the C&H guys are taking a much needed break from animation production (their first one in over 2.5 years of weekly shorts). Our kickass assistant Trisha will continue answering your KS messages in the mean time. @Ben Yes, they're dry erase friendly. The Dave & Rob chew on your cards tier just opened up again, if anyone's interested. 5 minutes left in the campaign! The boss monster is totally dead, you guys. There are no more prizes to be had. People are beating up his headless body because they want to unlock all the achievements, which is cool with us. Those asking about dry erase markers on your blank cards: I just tried it on a Cards Against Humanity card (same material and factory we are using) and it works great! If you want to be extra careful you can always use plastic card sleeves, but it's looking like the glossy material of the cards is very dry erase friendly. We will double confirm with the factory tomorrow though. @Enivek We want everyone to get the same game, regardless of pledge level, which is why the KS-exclusive cards go out to everyone. All the special higher tiers are either special edition boxes or accessories, and that was on purpose! @Bayley Absolutely nothing. The Justin Roiland boss monster has died a grisly death, and your noble Kickstarter adventure has come to an end! Feel free to continue unlocking achievements to beat up his headless corpse! WE DID IT! @Matthew Yep, a PDF version of the game was one of the stretch goals, and one of our first priorities to finalize and release after the KS ends. Stay tuned! @Ethan Whoa, that's just a weird optical illusion. That's a crossed out 280, not 200. NEW ACHIEVEMENT UP! @Adam Interpret it as you will. Way to go everyone. Your supportive posts for the boss monster enabled him to score a critical hit on us. New achievement posted, let's recover and kick his butt!! @Amanda Whichever completes first unlocks the next stage. New Frankenchievement. This one has TWO OPTIONS. Choose wisely. @Raymond Everyone's KS-exclusive booster pack has the same cards in it. @MWoody Your choice of two red boxes, two white boxes, or one of each. NEW FRANKENCHIEVEMENT! GO GO GO! @Echo Very cool idea. We'll check with the manufacturer, but I just tried a dry erase marker on a Cards Against Humanity card and it seemed to work just fine. This might be an easy alternate way to play with the blank cards. Great suggestion! In somewhat related news, we just launched a special Panel 1 for the Random Comic Generator. See what it gives you: <url>"add your own words" cards in Joking Hazard is making the characters you or your friends, or adding your own inside jokes. Having comics contain your friends is way funnier than it should be. Just food for thought! THE BOSS FIGHT IS UPON US!! Created and voiced by Justin Roiland. Be sure to check out the video in our latest update to see what this rude and crude boss monster is all about: <url>"If people want it, let's try to make it happen." @Cynical No physical mock-ups yet, but it's being produced by the same company as Secret Hitler's wooden box, so this should give you a general sense (albeit with different proportions since our game is different) <url>"special" tiers coming in the near future. Great game Are the 200$+ backers ever getting the option to pay for an enlarged version of the wooden D*ck holder like how the red/white editions got an upgrade to fit all the expansions? Itd be really cool and a nice gesture to make up for most of us getting ours months later then the people who got it from target early without backing months ahead not that it was the creators fault your all pretty awesome :) Game arrived today (Northwestern Ontario, Canada). Where did you find the email? I looked at didn’t see it. Can you share the address that it was sent from so I can look it up in my mailbox? Was looking at the big red box, and it mentioned a coupon via email, scoured up and down my inbox, trash, ect and couldn't find anything pertaining to it :c I'm having issues buying the enhanced big red box I had the original red box from the Kickstarter but it was stolen. Is there a way to get a replacement with all the KS stuff included? Where/who is the email with the enhanced red box coming from? I’ve looked in my inbox and junk folder and don’t see it. I need it. Please? I had an old email attached to this Kickstarter is there any way to get a new code sent to my new email. Finally!! RED BOXES ARE BACK JUST BOUGHT MINE TODAY go to <url>#3 is now available. Any update on big red box restocks? Have you emailed them? Or sent a PM? Creators don't get notifications when comments are posted. Just PMs Still haven't got my BIg Red Box code.... Damn I found my code in spam folder too. Not cool that their short smh I hope theyll restock soon and give us all a fair chance to pick one of these up. I found mine in my spam folder from sender "Joking Hazard" Still awaiting the big red box restock. Is there a way to send the codes again because it looks like I'm not the only one who didn't get a code and I'd like a fair shot at getting my own red box. I never got the code for a shiny red box :( this whole time I've been waiting... I never even got my code, so I couldn't even attempt to get the red box. But like everyone, I would like to. Got the original shiny red box from backing, can't get the big red one due to it being out. Were there not enough made to cover a 1:1 supply? Is there any intent to restock the red box? I too would like to be able to order my big red box. @creator will the enlarged red box be restocked? Finally able to buy it and it says unavailable Now that I can finally afford the Big Red Box they are all gone? Will there be any more or was this a one-time thing? I'll buy the white if I gotta, but I'd much rather have the red! Any eta on the red boxes getting in stock? I finally had a chance to buy and it was out of stock. ☹️ @Cyanide And Happiness: I just went in to buy one of the two boxes that I should be able to get (saw that there will be a second run which should allow those that bought two games the first time to get a second box), and it says your warehouse is out of stock. How can that be if you made enough for everyone to get one box that should be able to get one? Just like others I purchased multiple copies of the red box and would like to get multiple copies of the bigger red box. Say, is there any way a backer can purchase the Kickstarter exclusive Thank You pack if, say, he lent his neighbor his d*ck and his neighbor promptly lost it on a camping trip? It's either in a forest or in one of 10,000 lakes. Getting the big red box :) BOUGHT IT! I need all the help with the size of my d*ck I can get. My email has changed, how do I get my code to help offset that $1, 500? I backed the 2 box set and both boxes were the Red Kickstarter boxes. Can I use the coupon code multiple times? The initial add to cart only allows me to add 1, how do I get my 2nd one to match? Butts Really? :| February 8, 2018 ​Stay tuned, my dude!​ *-*The Joking Hazard Team In November you mentioned you'll have info on a bigger box soon. Any update on that? I have had this game for a long time now, having ordered it here. But.... I noticed today that something is missing. I was supposed to get a "blast fro the past" set, but never did. Several of the cards did arrived damaged and/or not printed properly, but not 50 of them. How do I go about getting the blast from the past set? Between the main deck, all the expansions, and the wonderful extra kickstarter cards, I don't have room in my main box for the new Deck Enhancement 2. XD It's a good problem to have, but gosh do I hate tuck boxes... Any chance a future expansion will include a bigger box so I can keep all my cards together? Just opened my toking hazard. Wow rolling paper. Too bad i don’t smoke..... Just picked up tokin, enhancements 1&2 You can individually turn off with the app notification settings. Works for emails too. @Matthew H: There should be an unsubscribe link at the bottom of the emails. How do I stop receiving kickstarter updates from this project? do anyone know where can I get the fun of the past cards?? I sent my game to a friend and he never sent it back to me... and I want to play the game with all the cards Anthony Lauer I have PMed the creator multiple times. I got a response exactly 1 time. But never heard back from them again. If you have yet to receive it. It's best to PM the creator. Faster responce. Hello guys, I didn't receive mi game yet. Backer no.45596. Is it possible that the shipping may have been lost? Sorry for the delay! Hey guys, never got my game :( What can I do? Thank you!! The "gift" in the Toking Hazard expansion still has me laughing my ass off. Well played C&H, well played. Also no SG's required, keep it simple. @Creators Can you send us an update with your plans for future expansions? I'd like to get an idea of how much you plan to create, also if you could kickstart another project to supply us with a large box to hold everything into one. Actually just create a new project to supply a larger box along with all new planned expansions. Time to kickstart a bigger redder d*ck box. Is there any way I could throw money at you guys to get a couple packs of just the original DRUGZ cards and maybe other awesone ones like the unicorn ones and them tripping out if your feeling generous. This game is amazing so far and I highly recommend it to anyone who might read this with disposable moneys. Much Cyinide So Happyness. I have also not received my package. Please contact me and let me know what are the next steps needed. (I did register my address etc. back when I was asked to. Thanks, Stephen The new expansion is added and the special surprise is awesome, but now there is absolutely no more room in the **** Gold box to fit any more expansions. Plans for that because I don't want to stop using my awesome red box. Stop taking my money dammit! I work adequately for this shit! All we need now is a box big enough to fit everything. Hint. Hint. ***But yes, I did read there is a special surprise in Toking Hazard. This very well may make it worth the cost. :) Love the game and I'll pretty much promise to buy every piece of content for this game that you make. That being said, yeah...the cards are getting more expensive (by a decent margin) in comparison to the core game. I pay $60 through the Kickstarter, just received the $12 expansion from amazon, and now you immediately offer another for $10?? Great game, but you lost me on spending any more toward this nickel and dime expansion scheme. Okay, we busted that toking hazard goal. Time to ship! Is the expansion guaranteed to make my deck look bigger? And if so, by how many inches? So, you guys need to release this: The "How to hold your D*ck" Expansion. - X more cards for a larger D*ck. - A larger box to nicely display your D*ck on the shelf. - A playmat so your D*ck looks good when you have it all out on the table. 2 things the game needs 1) The Happier, more Toxic box, to hold more cards 2) Some purple shirted eye stabber cards! I was wondering if you guys were coming out with a bigger box with all the cards right now the box is basically bursting from the cards! I still want to be able to buy a play mat. :-( The new Toking Hazard deck enhancement comes in a larger box as it also contains a "surprise". If you want it to actually be a surprise I advise not looking at the product photos on Amazon I haven't received my game either. Like many people who pledged and are still waiting. Is it just me, or have I been waiting for something in the mail that isn't coming... I meant toking. Lol Now they have Token Hazard you can pre order too. Talk about under promise & over deliver. Pre-ordered the expansion deck for may, date got moved to April, delivered in March. Kudos. Just got my Deck Expansion today! Can't wait to play it! I apologize for the inconvenience but it seems that I still have not received my package. My friends and I have been waiting some time to get it and no one has seen anything of it yet. My backer number is 63,422 if you could get to me ASAP that would be wonderful thank you. Bring the expansion to amazon.ca ASAP c: Loving the new deck! Awesome content. Thanks for getting it out super quick. @Valadir - Bad? Yes. Worst? Nope. @Justin it is astonishing that you are able to deduce from my history how I felt about the respective campaigns. You must be a magician. I stick by it. Yes, other deliveries were way off, for better and worse reasons. But this is the only company that told me in the beginning of December that the package was going to ship in the upcoming days and then hid in a hole for four months with no delivery. Wouldn't that qualify for a bad experience in your opinion? One of the worst Kickstarter experiences so far! I mean I got everything you told me I would get for a tier! You even told me when you would have another expansion pack! How dare you LOL! @Valadir - "One of the worst Kickstarter experiences so far." I looked through your backed projects and this comment of yours is total horse poop. One of the worst Kickstarter experiences so far. Unresponsive company, unnecessarily expensive shipping. - send us a message, when you did receive your game yet.. why when there is no response for weeks? Did anyone else's box come with a number in it? "Joking Hazard: Deck Enhancement #1" Previous estimated arrival date: May 03, 2017 New estimated arrival date: March 24, 2017 Per Amazon Hi, I've still not received the game? Can you let me know when I can expect it please? Thanks! Pete "A few of you are still having issues, and our customer service people are ready and willing to help you out. Everyone's situation is a little different, so your best best is to send us a Kickstarter message, and we'll look into what's going on with your reward." Yeah, would be great if you would answer though... HAHA expansion pack only for backers? I think i will just wait for it to be released to Target since they get priority! Here is a fixed link for the listing for the US store. <url>"Double 'Dat Mat" ...in Spain! Seems they have more problems sending the e-mails than the proper shipping. I finally got the confirmation e-mail from Blackbox. Now it should be just a matter of time (and nice delivery couriers). I pledged a total of $135 and still haven't got my reward. Is there anyone that can help? Can I get a refund? A friend of mine messaged them on facebook a week ago, still no answer... Yeah, well, I don't use Facebook. Hi, survey completed no sign of correspondence and fulfillment seems to be nearly complete. Please can someone from your team investigate? Thanks Write them on Facebook - they'll answer pretty fast. Since they don't respond to my Kickstarter messages I sent them an e-mail 10 days ago. Still no answer... From the comments it seems as if people who backed "Double 'Dat Mat" have problems getting their pledge fulfilled. I jsut got my missing stuff- they do send packages- I guess yours will get to you soon. I whish you the best of luck getting them! Supposedly the last packages will be sent out next week. Not saying they will do it but at least they haven't forgot about us. Hey - I don't appear to have received my copy of the game yet - any idea when it will go out? From my experience, it takes some time for them to reply- they have alot to do I guess, I personally kept on sending them messeges for 3 weeks- Just remeber to be polite. I haven't received my "Double 'Dat Mat!" yet. After several messages here on KS without response, I messaged them on the game page on facebook. Got a quick response that directed me to send an email to <email> I sent today the e-mail, hope I'll get an answer soon. To everyone who hasn;t got their game yet- contact joknig hazard not only on kickstarter, they have a mail and facebook account, if they don't responf by kickstarter they might not notice or something like that. I know they respond to me on mail and facebook' And are helping me with my problem. not gonna lie - little upset by the fact that i found an advertisement about this game on amazon.com and i have yet to receive my pledge - not cool - the dude does not abide - not legit guys Nothing here as well, still waiting.... @Valadir Germany here." Double 'Dat Mat!" Tier. Still nothing... Messeged them via kickstarter on Monday, no answer yet. Did anyone in Germany receive their game so far? By the looks of the comments I'm not alone in not having received anything yet Good game. Could be improved. Version 2 needs a starter panel deck. Kind of like the black cards in Cards Against Humanity. Where do I go to fill out the survey required for shipment? I can't seem to find it. I believe one of the cards is cut off I never received my package. It's been what, a few months now from previous deadline to postage? Please answer. Thanks. @Sir Casm- I Had some problems too, messeged them a week ago and got an answer after 2 days, when I replied with some additional questions I got no answer, I tried their facebook account and Email and still got no response- maybe you try those too, might work for you. Still haven't received my package nor my confirmation mail. I also messaged them two weeks ago but no answer. Almost looks as if they abandoned their Kickstarter. Last message I got was December 12th that they are checking with Blackbox to see where the issue is... Yay!! :D I've received my things at last. For anyone who is at a PO BOX in New Zealand, there is a bit of a "family fude" between NZ post and FexEx (turns out FedEx effectively can't deliver to PO BOX addresses and will flag the parcel as Incorrect Address [true, and scary story], and the tracking details will fall off the system if you are away a week like I was :O.). Gladly Black Box where awesome! I'd like to thank Annie for sorting me out right away without ANY fuss. I was worried when my package didn't appear and no tracking was found, but gladly I cam blame FedEx and the NZ postal system and cheer on Black Box and the guys here. Awesome work! I will gather people to try it out soon. @Tim thank you for explaining it. I filled the survey on May the 4th. Got no mail from blackbox, neither the decks. This is upsetting. Finally got my decks, then the shipping notification email the day after. AU Post's tracking page says it only took 3 days to ship. *facepalm* I'm glad that's over. I'll keep my fingers crossed for ya'll still waiting. I never recieved my blast from the past pack @kevin they stated what the add your own word card distribution was going to be back in update #31 (jun 16). Also, the KS exclusive pack even states on the front of the foil pack (10 exclusive add your own words cards I was guaranteed that I would get my box in november, well news flash it is januari now... and the worst part is that you are asking on facebook if people have recieved their box from amazon. Have not recieved mine yet @Tim I do not see anything explaining it that way on the entire website, can you please show me where to find that wording? As well, the graphic on the Campaign Tab clearly shows two (2) smaller white add-on packages of cards leaning on the left side of the box, as well as a thicker add-on pack that is laying on its back on the top of the box. I ONLY received one thin white add-on pack and the thicker on that is pictured on the top of the box. So where is my missing add-on pack??? @kevin the add your own words cards were split between the KS exclusive pack and the main deck (10 in each) there is no separate pack for them Play mats? What play mats? I see the 'Add your own words' pack is included with the bonus cards. I still haven't received my playmats. Did anyone receive the "Add your own words' pack? I received my box couple of weeks back but just opened it. I only received the main deck of 350 cards, a sealed Blast From The Past Booster 50 Card pack, and a sealed 20 card card KS-Exclusive pack. I did not receive the 20 Card "Add You Own Words" pack. How can I receive the pack that is missing? It was not in the box at all! Hi, I filled out my survey in July, have not received my reward yet. Can you please look into this? Thanks, John I still have not received the blackbox mail nor my package. I cannot review the survey. YAY!!! Got mine! Lol. I was an early Kickstarter but playing first real play through today. I got a bonus card... There was a Never Have I Ever card in my deck. Ha! Got my box of goodies today! Be patient, they'll fulfill your pledge in time � I would love to know whats going on with my order. Thanks I bugged Blackbox before Xmas and finally got this reply yesterday: "Here's what's up: we're currently waiting for the next wave of Joking Hazard rewards to get to our warehouses. Unfortunately, we won’t get more in stock for at least a month. I'm truly sorry again for the missing rewards and the extended delay." So I guess those of us in the final 2% - which seem to be all non-US people - don't matter as much as those Xmas $$ to be gained at Target and Amazon etc. I message them at the start of December and they promised it was being shipped that week... still no shipping notification, and when I messaged them to follow up they have stopped responding. :/ Guess my money was all they needed. What was the point even Kickstarting you? It has been months that I have been told you are 'looking into it', and nothing has been done. To rub salt in the wounds, you offer next day delivery to people who wish to pay for it now. This is absolutely ludicrous, as all you have done is taken my money, and made excuses for months as to why I can't receive what i've already paid for. Good game. Played a few hands now. Thanks for the opportunity to be part... Thank you for fixing the shipping problem for me. I've been enjoying my time with the game a lot and my family loves it. Great job! I no longer regret backing this project and I hope you guys have future plans for this product. Do you have any extra copies of the red box edition sitting around somewhere that you can ship to me. I have a few friends who want this game but can't find it here in Australia. I wish I had backed more copies... Hey my box was at my p.o.box back in October but I've been out of town at work and the returned it to sender. They just did this early last week and didn't find out until yesterday. I'm wondering what I need to do to get my box to be shipped back to me. If I need to pay for a second shipping or what I need top do. I have emailed black box yesterday so hoping to hear from them. Figured it wouldn't hurt to hit you guys up tho. Any help our ideas would be great Thank you I haven't received anything about this project. Thanks Update from three days ago: I have received my d*ck-in-a-box a day earlier than the tracking email stated. Located in central Alabama. Still no word from Black box. Saddest part was I ordered the game for two people for Christmas presents on Amazon. Get both the next day. So there are two sitting at home on my desk that aren't mine . This game is absolutely disgusting and horrendous. I think my dad pissed himself from laughing so hard. Now turn it into an app so I don't have to carry the box around. Nevermind. My pledge does not include a mat. Game is great ice breaker for meeting new people at a party! Love it! I recommend putting them in plastic sleeves to protect it from oily fingers and beer. Is there suppose be a playmat shipped with this game? I backed at the playmat level, then was told I would get the playmats but still haven't received them. I have been sent tracking info that currently states I will receive my copy of Joking Hazard by Tuesday. Let's see what happens... I think everyone who gets a response is getting the same response. But no action, sadly. This is ridiculous...so many of us are in the same boat and haven't seen or heard anything from you guys after we are the ones that pledged and "helped bring this project to life". Super crappy and disappointing. I guess I won't be funding anything anytime soon again if this is we the result. Did not receive any shipping mail from Blackbox even though I did everything correctly. Got a message today: "Cyanide And Happiness says: We’re checking in with Blackbox to see where the issue is. This has been a huge problem with lots of our backers." Hope this gets resolved soon. This user's account has been deleted. I received an email on the 7th of November from the Explosm team, stating that it had been sent when Blackbox emailed me on th 13th of October. ...It has never taken me more than two months to receive a parcel sent from any country, let alone the USA. Can a member of the team please reply to my most recent 'kickstarter message' to them on the 7th of December. It's quite upsetting that instead of kickstarting this $3 million project, I could have just bought it in a store...for roughly the same price, and would have received it a long time ago. It's really not a professional, or fair way, to treat the people who have funded you. @TserngWeeJong I'm in exactly the same situation. Email from Blackbox said it was shipped on Oct 17th and still nothing. Hey, Got to play a couple games for the first time a few days ago. This game is really fun. A lot of surprise cards that really encapsulated the c & h humour. Hi, I received shipping confirmation on 7 Oct but until today have not receive my package. Send to <email> 3 times already and they did not even respond. I received the box set, but not the Blast from the Past Set. Were these supposed to ship at the same time or a later date? Where is the link to the survey? No link in the update email. please help, I would love to get mine ASAP! Hi, I backed this project on March 8 and I haven't received my deck yet. Do you need any more information from me? Looking forward to playing the game. Thanks! Nancy Is this some kind of joke? They replied my message saying my stuffs should be shipped in the November 14th week. Nothing received after that. I doubt that we can even get this for Christmas. I will report this after this week. Completed my Survey on June 14, well before the deadline got a confirmation email and everything. I have forwarded that confirmation twice to <email> and do not get a response. I have messaged C&H directly on here with the same information, and no response. What gives? I submitted my survey and never got confirmation from Blackbox. I did make my final update very late. However, it was within the final 48 hour window on Aug 20th (The old address would have worked as well if the box had been shipped to that). Received a shipping confirmation email 6 weeks ago. Hasn't arrived, sent an email asking blackbox to follow it up and what the deal is a week ago. Still have not heard anything. Would like to know you guys are even looking into it at least. Received an email yesterday saying that mine "should" be shipped this week. Fingers crossed............. I received an email from blackbox on the 11th of October saying the item was shipped. But I haven't received anything yet...not even an answer from the F******* at blackbox! My package got shipped back to sender but there's nothing wrong with the address provided. Can someone please send me an update?? Hey there I confirmed my address in plenty of time for the survey and Black box emailed me last week saying they had no record of me and to prove I bought the game - which I have with screen shots and now nobody is emailing or messaging me back. I've proved that I have paid for the product and completed survey on time - and am now being ignored? What's going on? I was under the impression that we would be able to write on the blank cards with dry erase marker and it would easily come off, however I wrote on one of the cards and I couldn't get the marker off, ended up having to toss the card, any reason/update on this? I submitted my survey but I never got a shipping confirmation from Blackbox. Hi, I submitted my survey and even got a Blackbox confirmation but the delivery never arrived :( I checked the address and it all looks fine... I tried contacting the delivery firm in my country and I actually found the package but they told me they returned it to sender and my details weren't the same as in the survey. Can I get it redelivered plz? I submitted my address in time, but I never got a shipping confirmation or anything. When will we get our joking hazards? I haven't received my Joking Hazard. It's most likely because I didn't confirm my shipping address in time due to problems with my email address. Would love to know if I'll still receive my pledge reward eventually. I still got nothing ... I think I send my shipment adress late , but I didnt think It would take THAT long.... I know you guys must be busy , but I would really appreciate to receive what I've paid for before christmas.... thank you !! Still nothing everyone around me and some local shops have it. I have send a few messages and no response. I have had no confirmation from Blackbox or whatever and I did the survey in april... what's up guys? What's going on? It is total and complete garbage that you are advertising this to buy on Amazon and your website (per your Facebook page) and so many people haven't received theirs, including me. And you guys are junk at giving good responses. I was told in November mine would ship the week of the 12th. No email or anything about shipping. Black box doesn't help and today you respond but saying that shipping has been delayed and you are catching up. Give me a break! This user's account has been deleted. Hey, I have sent a message to C&H and an email to Blackbox, but haven't got an answer. Is there something wrong? Hey, I think I did everything I should have done and I haven't had a email from Blackbox. Is it cos I ordered the big red box? Hi, I received an email back in September saying my reward would be sent in the 10/07 batch yet never got the shipping notification or the package. Such a fun game, everyone is loving it. Worth mentioning I never received a confirmation from Blackbox! Thanx Guys! I did all the stuff you required from me (even the one of a dubious legal nature) and still havent received my stuff... Could you help me!? @Carson I'm from Canada and I haven't received mine yet. Although I've seen some posts in the past on some who have. I just double checked that I wasn't crazy and I have the confirmation email from April 18th saying that my survey response had been submitted and checked the reconfirmation email on August 19th that my address was correct. I haven't received any email confirmation from Blackbox. Has anyone in Canada received their game yet? I filled out everything correctly and on time and still have not received the order OR a shipping confirmation. hi I want to know what happened to my order I filled the survey and didn't get an email Hey! I fulfilled the survey when I was told to. Checked my address and it's correct. Never got an email from Blackbox... I also completed my survey back in April and have not received shipping confirmation. Hi guys! I filled out a survey in April and still no blackbox confirmation email confirmation. T-T I didn't received a confirmation email I filled out my survey in April, never received a blackbox shipping confirmation though, also from NZ Btw I sent my survey in april so it should not have been a problem. I filled out my survey, but I never got any shipping confirmation from Blackbox. This is starting to get ridiculous.... I didn't receive a survey. Also I was asked my address, and when given on October 14th, my box hasn't come yet. What do I do? Did anyone else get a few cards with dark brown chemical stains on them? Just wanted to say that this game surpassed my expectations. I got a little weary about how much I would actually enjoy the game but great job guys Same as Garret, Live in New Zealand!!! No black box confirmation... Hi. Survery details correct but no blackbox confirmation. Live in new zealand. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I got my blackbox confirmation. Tracked it and said it was delivered on the 12th of October. Now December 1st and I do not have it. Not sure what happened. Never showed up and now I am sad that my Chace to hazard some jokessential may be lost forever. Please tell me what to do. Please no butt stuff, unless it's your butts. Thanks Jeff Lee This is getting ridiculous. Still have not received my package and live in Canada. A friend of mine lives 2 hours from me and received hers a month ago! I sent a message and was advised it would be shipped the week of November 14....but no shipping information has been sent and STILL haven't received my game! Get it together already! I sent you a message about having not received mine October 25th because others were saying they received theirs. No response yet. Learned my lesson not to back Kickstarter games and just buy it on amazon. Unbelievable disrespect to those who put money down, patiently wait through the production process, and take the risk along with the creators, just to see their friends stumble upon the game on Amazon and get to play first. Today I got an answer that my package should be shipped this week. Looking forward to play it! Blackbox are no longer even bothering answering emails at this point. I emailed them 10 days ago about damaged items, haven't heard back from them. Awful customer support. Received a response from blackbox that my order wasn't shipped because first they had a wrong email address, then my survey wasn't sent in on time. I responded in April! Fair warning for anyone who received the same response! Anyone have a link to check on surveys? Holy coincidence batman! Yesterday, I took Maarten Devoldere's advice from 5 days ago to "contact them, send a pm to the m by kickstarter and an email to their shipping company Blackbox (<email>)" and amazingly I have an email this morning saying "Your order should ship this week!" These couldn't possibly be related could they? i didn't get anything why is that? Thank you very much, received my red box of awesomeness in the mail a couple of days ago. Looks great! :) I have not had any correspondence regarding shipping yet. I tried emailing the company just to confirm they had all of my information and have not gotten a reply. Any word? But that doesn't include the bonus packs. Don't worry everyone who backed it on here and hasn't received it yet (like myself). You can pick it up at your local target or NOW Amazon.com No update or confirmation since the 'you'll get an email' email on October 1st. My mate who lives 2km away from me got his ages ago. Please advise. OK, I'm lost for words, here. The first JH Red Box that was shipped to me was completely crushed in the mail, because Blackbox sent it in a super thin padded envelope. I contacted their customer support, who dispatched a replacement JH Red Box… in the same stupid, paper-thin padded envelope as the first, so it was also mangled on arrival. Perfect, huh ? After lots of back-and-forth emailing with Blackbox, they promised they would make it right aaand… …This week, I received my second replacement JH Red Box... and guess what, it's also damaged ! Why ? Because it was shipped in exactly the same ridiculous wafer-thin padded envelope as the two previous ones ! I’ve been in touch with 2 different people at Blackbox about this issue, and this crap happens AGAIN ?! I wrote to them 6 days ago, and strangely, I haven’t heard from them since. I’m really, really pissed about this. NONE of the JH Red Boxes I’ve received actually looks new. They ALL have dented corners and/or crushed edges from shipping in those pathetic envelopes. This is a dismal show of incompetence on Blackbox’s part. if you haven't gotten it yet and want to contact them, send a pm to the m by kickstarter and an email to their shipping company Blackbox (<email>) @Buehner I'm not in an urban area but.... geek bar? There are geek bars? I have a might need. I have also not gotten my deck. I haven't heard anything. Just wondering what's going on and how to fix this so I can get my game. hey in September an email told me it would send a conformation email of my address it never did, I have not received a tracking number and haven't gotten an email from them since the one in September if anyone knows how to help or how to contact the joking hazard team, thanks for any help. Got our red box, and immediately went to our local geek bar for a night of laughs and booze. Had a few onlookers too. Can't wait to play it again. Thank you guys for such a fun game. P.S. my wife is banned from using the bondage panels. XD I've had the game for awhile now. My deepest condolences to those who haven't received it and have gotten no words on their games whereabouts. I consider myself very fortunate to have this game. It was annoying to see it in stores before I've had my copy. But to all who haven't received it yet, stay strong. I'm sure your games will be with you soon. We should all be able to enjoy this game. <3 @John Harper I agree with you, John, but I imagine most people (myself included) are more upset about the lack of communication on the creators'/shippers' part. They could tell me I won't get my copy until June of next year and I would be ok with that, but they aren't telling us anything. Several people have commented that they received tracking info via email weeks after they actually received the game! Hi to all grumpy backers - please calm down. This is kickstarter, not a shop. Its an estimated time of delivery, not a guaranteed date. Nothing is guaranteed on kickstarter, you are paying to help someones creative dream come to life. If you get something out of it, yay, good for you. I have not received my product yet, and yes November is drawing to a close, but things will happen when they happen. I can't wait to play this! Just got a reply from my message as to where my box is. 'should be shipping this week' , backer #40,799 if that helps, still been 2 months of no update should really need to chase this. Hopefully it does ship this week but then I guess it will still take awhile to arrive in the UK. Havent got anything November is almost over, what the hells going on? Saw about 2 dozen copies of the game in Target today...still waiting for my copy to arrive....any updates at all? Received an email on August 20th confirming my correct address and pledge level ($75), and another one on September 30th stating the rewards were starting to ship. My brother received his package a month and a half ago. If there are shipping/production delays, it would be very responsible of you to contact those early backers who are still waiting on your product. @Tristan A little later means later on, or in the near future. I am in the U.S. I received an email on 11/2/16 that told me I'll get my game "a little later". I would LOVE to know what their subjective version of "a little later" might POSSIBLY be...... New Zealand backer here, I saw people in NZ who backed the red box version already got theirs and I still haven't heard anything yet... I backed at the Blast from the Past level. Is this some sort of classist system where if we don't pledge enough we don't even get to hear what's happening? :( I just want to know what's happening... I also have not received any information on shipping or anything for that matter. I would just like to know something, rather than being an eger turd in a tightly squeezed colon. Real simple, we need a fu&king update on shipping it's been over a month and you have a lot of unhappy backers! Man up and take responsibility for this ridiculousness. US region, I still haven't received my promised things. I got email from you only stating my order was received? No action for over a month? UK Backer. I haven't received my copy of the game and have not received any kind of email saying it's shipped. So I finally got to play the game a few days ago, and when I pulled the game out of my bag and showed off the personalised invoice that came with the game, one of my friends literally burst into tears because she's such a big C&H fan. I hope you're happy, you made her cry :P I have not received any communications about the shipment of my pledge reward. Canadian backer here. I haven't received my copy of the game and have not received any kind of email saying it's shipped. Any kind of update on when copies will be shipped out from this point on? I only got one red box even though i pledged $100.. Still awaiting mine to arrive in The Netherlands. Have been sending messages to them and 3 weeks ago they said it'll be shipped (and at same day/time I received a confirmation e-mail saying it will be shipped within 2 business days). Still hasn't arrived. In my experience most shipments from US usually arrives in between 7-10 days, up to 2 weeks if there's a delay. But that has passed already. They say a tracking number cannot be given as it is shipped to an address abroad US, which is strange as most shipments, even using regular letter posts get tracking numbers nowadays. . . /wonders how long it will take... i received mine about a month ago (im from canada) and been playing it with friends almost every weekend! thanks! I got my package pretty early, almost a month ago. We played it and all of our friends love it. It is a nice change of pace from CAH, and it fits in well if you have a creative crowd. Very happy we backed this project. Still no reply on any sides, US residents here.. and here i thought the bad customer reward was only for 1 person i'm very disappointed with how its going I'm in NZ and have not received any communications since 1 October regarding shipping or delivery. First impressions of playing this game with friends is that it wasn't that great. Cards Against Humanity is more fun. There was some comedy, but overall it was a dud. I'd return it to Target if I had bought it there. november 15 , I've email blackbox , no response Didn't receive any email notification Just got an answer that my package has not left the warehouse yet... @Daniel Well damn, pretty disappointed with this campaign. @Jiajun Unfortunately no. I sent them a message a month ago and I got a reply immediately. After that I had to message them again on the 3rd of November. Never heard back. Its like they just vanished RasmusK Jepp had the same issue. Blackbox fucked this one up. They officially state that the cost of the game and shipping is 0. Which customs understandably do not like. I had to provide additional information to customs. A screenshot of the pledge level on kickstarter did the trick. I dont know if i will get a invoice for any of the fees. But if i get any I will make sure Blackbox pays them as advertised. Are you guys getting answer from the creators in KS? I have sent message but no reply. I've received an email on 15 of oktober from Blackbox mentioning that my shipment to the Netherlands was shipped. No tracking number or any other confirmation gotten afterwards. That goes to another person I know that also live in my city Almere that ordered it and hasn't heard anything. Please contact me on how to solve this Cyanide & Happiness/Kickstarter/Blackbox. I got a message saying it has been shipped. When I clicked the Tracking number it said the number was not found? @Still waiting on mine, sent message to group. Response was we see it hasn't been sent, you'll be notified when it does. No sh&t Sherlock! @Sir Casm, That's strange. I have both ö and ä in my address and I got the package quite early. Poor excuse from their side I'd say. Today I found out my package is waiting in the toll. It shouldn't though because they said shipping includes VAT handling and and other fees. They said so in the FAQ. Anyone else has this problem? Any news on the shipments? @Valadir Nope nothing. When asking about the lack of information and why I haven't gotten my mail yet I received this answer on October 19th: We are still shipping out orders to backers. We’re not quite done yet. We did have an import issue with special characters (the ö in your address), that required us to re-enter them manually. The slight delay is partially because of that, but it is still going out very soon. I'm writing them again as of now but seeing as others are left in the dark I don't feel like I'm going to do any better. I have sent a message to the creators, and I have not heard anything back. I have no tracking information, no notice, no package.. NOTHING. I am very unhappy, and I have no idea what to do next. Received my shipping notification from Blackbox on 13th October. Still not received anything yet. And radio silence from the Explosm team on this project. In Canada and still haven't received it. Just saw on Facebook that it is available on Amazon! Not impressed! Still nothing. Been waiting for a bit. No word from black box or the team. Just received a mail back from blackbox that they didn't get any orders from my backing nor that of my brother, so they will look into it not happy at all with how the kickstarter is going at all (send a pm 2 weeks ago and joking hazard team never responded) Recieved it in switzerland. A bit late but it was worth the wait. Still waiting for package or email from blackbox. I know other people here in NZ have received theirs :( Has anyone made good ones from the blank cards yet? I received my Red Box in the mail, damaged due to poor packaging (a super thin padded envelope... seriously ?). I contacted support, who promptly dispatched another one... in EXACTLY THE SAME ENVELOPE. Also damaged on arrival (obviously), so I contacted Black Box customer support a week ago and haven't heard back from them since. This is turning into a really crap KS experience. We played our with friends and loved it!! haven't received yet in the UK... Not yet. no email no nothing. Did anyone in Germany receive their pledge (or an email saying it is coming) yet? At what point should I worry about having not received my game ? I've till not received an email or anything in the post regarding the boxes? What was the point in kickstarting this, when I could have just bought the two boxes in a shop for the same price (taking shipping into consideration) and I would have had it ages ago? Could an Admin please message me. Cheap Fix for the "cards are rattling around" problem I created: <url>"In lot of countries (and for the EU especially), you'll often pay one shipping charge and then get hit with an unexpected second fee by your local post office, because the item came from abroad. That's not the case here. We're covering those fees for you so the game can just arrive at your doorstep." I wouldnt be surprised if blackbox fucked it up tho... I'm receiving a mail from the custom here in Switzerland asking me a proof of buying. I have been paying $67 for a value of $35 (35+shipping). If I show them this they will charge me on these $67 instead of $35. Can you send me some kind of a bill, or proof of payment which correspond to $35, or a letter to say it is a promotionnal product ? Thanks for your help. also still waiting on an update regarding shipping, me and a couple of friends ordered 5 boxes on 3 accounts (as was asked to make things easier for the creators) and only one showed up so far, that was 2 weeks ago Are the game mats taking longer? I've heard nothing from blackbox with regards to shipping info. Just played last night with a bunch of friends. Was a huge hit! I received an email with tracking information for my shipment. My address was correct for the shipment however the game was delivered to a completely different address. I didn't get my game! :( Who do I contact to get a replacement if the shipper screwed up the delivery? I just kept the foil packs from the expansion and ks exclusive cards and folded them in half and put them in the box. Both lazy and cheap over here How are people dealing with the cards in the box after opening them to stop them rattling around? Im pondering making a foam insert or something. Anyone had any success with any other methods? @Maynard I didn't even get a tracking number. I am sure it will arrive (just like mine did). Be patient @maynard, it may take a couple days for the tracking number to be activated. It is the weekend after all finally got an email that its been shipped. Unfortunately the order cant be tracked, because the tracking number cant be found I received my order but its wrong, how do I contact you? I did not receive my Blast From the Past booster pack. Will you be sending those out separately? Just received mine today in Portugal Got mine today. Boxes and packs in great shape. And it even beat the November expected delivery month! First time for everything I suppose! Thanks guys! I still haven't received mine in the US and I've also been seeing them on store shelves=( So am I the only one who got what seems to be a random misprinted playing card mixed in? Or am I missing something here? In the UK. Got my d*ck. Love it. So do all my friends. They all want a go. Be rude not to share. @Philip Zimmermann - For an explanation of Henry Swantner's behavior, see the definition of "kvetcher". Said it was posted 10 days ago and I'm in the UK, so can't track. Should I be worried? @Henry C&H already explained what happened regarding the game beeing available at Target. Misstakes happen. Also why would you want to mark the cards. Seriously i dont give a damn if a card is from an expansion pack or not. It does not affect the game at all. I finally got my "reward". It would have been nice to have seen a tracking number before I saw a copy on the shelf at Target. Seriously, you couldn't deliver to everyone who backed you *before* you sold out to corporate America? Besides that, why didn't you mark the sets in some way?!? Every other game in the world that mixes cards marks sets. <url>"View pledge" -> "Messages". They replied to me within a few hours. Got my d*ck a few days ago and have played it so many times. Just as amazing as I expected it to be! Got the tracking information, and it said it had already been delivered. Have not received anything, Black Box simply states that the package was marked as delivered, and will not look any further into the issue. Not sure who else to talk to Still waiting for my d*ck... I wish I had tracking information Got mine in India today. Package was undamaged. Excited about everyone playing with my d*ck tomorrow Got mine in India today. Package was undamaged. Excited about everyone playing with my d*ck tomorrow Took my d*ck to a local gave night and everyone loved it. Everyone enjoyed playing with my d*ck and wished they had a d*ck like mine.... Wow that red/white thing was really ambiguous! I really thought that we were proposed different kind of boxes (one was only red and the other was white and red), especially since it was written "Choose your box color" and not boxes... :-S why would anyone want a normal white box instead of the exclusive red? Just recieved mine, west Australia, fucking amazing, opening the box to find the invoice on top was hilarious, you guys have done incredibly!! I received my Joking Hazard Red Box Edition in the mail today, and I'm sorry to report that the red box was severely damaged (crushed and torn corners and sides) due to insufficient protection (a thin padded envelope... what the hell ?!). I have trouble believing that packaging was treated so lightly - there's not a chance that the item could have made it across the Atlantic in good condition with such poor protection. I've contacted Black Box to see how we can work this out, but I'm sorry to say that their attitude towards packaging hardly seems professional. Hey Maxim. My game never showed up and i contacted blackbox and they resent it. I dont know if it was an issue with customs though. Unfortunately blackbox does not provide any tracking # so there is no way to know if the game got lost or if it was seized by customs. Hoffemer s bescht Still have not received mine yet, any chance the creators could message me to follow up? i sent an email but have gotten no reply yet @Josh I got my d*ck last week, the tracking email came the day after my d*ck arrived. Thanks, creators! Great game Got both of my reds! It seems everyone is getting their decks, but I haven't even received shipping confirmation. How do I contact these people? The reward is that the game exists. Had you and others not backed it, neither you nor your friend would have it. Got my package last weekend, then a friend bought it at Target the next day... really makes me not want to back another project like this if there's no real reward for taking the risk to getting it off the ground. I am also in the 'Red and White' box problem. (UK) I've emailed with Blackbox who pointed me in the direction of the survey: The question phrasing of 'Please choose your box colour' is ambiguous at best. I can't imagine with all the people complaining here that no-one thought that anything was up as survey results came in, why would we be pledging for two KS edition boxes and then not want them? Have emailed the jokinghazard team and awaiting a response to get this sorted out. Did anyone have any problems with customs in Switzerland? I can't seem to get the game there (already sent the PM to creators). Received! Still at my US Mail forwarder, but looking forward to have it shipped after Black Friday :) The game is awesome. I look forward to expansion packs in the future. @JurassicMatt Shame they never specified this for us, because it seams like there are dozens of people that got "red and white" without realizing that we had to click a different option. Guys who got one white and one red (but were expecting two red): Check your surveys. On a computer, click the blue "View Pledge" button located above and to the right of this comment thread. In the pop-up window, click the middle option labelled "Survey". What did you answer for the question "Please choose your box color"? If it says "Red and White", then you received what you chose. If it says "Red and Red" (but you received white and red) then there was an error and you should contact the creators to request a replacement. Only got 1 red box instead of 2 as well. Anyone get a response back? Well got my boxes - But only one red box :( Anyone know why some people are getting the wrong 2 box pledge of 1 red box and 1 white box? Mine came with 2 red ones... Weird how some people got theirs wrong. :( Finally received my reward! Two shiny red boxes, everything is there and also in great condition. Looks like I'm not the only one who got 1 red and 1 white box instead of two red boxes as indicated in the pledge level. Anyone know why that happened? Hi. I have the Two Deck Combo reward and couldn't find any other way to message you guys. My box that it came it was damaged somehow in transport and had a hole in the side when I got it. I opened the box up to find one of my decks to also have a big hole right where the outside one happened. I took some pics to show you what I mean. Is there any way to get a replacement box if possible? Just curious. Thanks again <url>#120 so no 69'ing for me and my box! Ahem. Can't wait to play the game! @Nick Jusino I had a razor cut across the long edge of my Red Box. I messaged BlackBox today regarding the issue... waiting for the response ;) Mine arrived and I collected it yesterday! (Australia) It's extremely well made and I'm looking forward to playing it :D the personalized comic was a welcome unexpected addition too :D Just arrived here in New Zealand. Perfect timing for the long weekend! I'm confused about the red cards... are we supposed to play them or just leave them in the draw pile? Yay! I got home from a long days worth of work. Only to be greeted by my game. Anyone have any recommendations for good quality card sleeves? trying to prevent drunk friends from spilling drinks on the cards I promised an update and here it is. I finally got an answer from blackbox. But not after i massaged uuhm messaged the C&H Team. They will resend my game so i suspect it got lost somewhere. I messaged black box and was told , my pledge response had the choice of one red and one white option, but I don't have that response email at all? I know I would have picked both as red if even given the choice but the Kickstarter said it would be upgraded so I'm a little lost as to what happened :( Just played it tonight with my family for the 1st time. It was a great time. We were all laughing so hard. Some of these cards are crazy, haha. So am I the only person that got the Red box with what looks like a razor cut along one of the short sides of the red box. I mean I know it's just the box, but to have paid extra for the box and have it come cut kinda sucked. I got a little slip of paper with a number on it inside my box, what does it mean? D*cks received and played with. Amazing job guys love it Cool so others got inspector 69 checking their d*ck for quality I too am from Canada and had pledged the $60, was expecting 2 of the kickstarter packaging and only received the 1 red box and one regular I'm from Canada. I received my d*cks and the corner of one of the boxes is slightly damaged, but I'm extremely happy it finally came. The personalized commic that came with it is perfect! I taped it to the inside of the game lid. Hope you guys get your copies soon. You know, it feels like the Kickstarter was a second thought when I still need to wait another week to get my copy when I went to my local Target and found 6 copies for purchase on the floor that they received over a week ago. So I got my order but the corner of the box was smashed and one of the packets inside of the box was already open... I really wanted this red box that I paid extra for to... you know, look good. The smashed corner isn't doing it for me. Mine's stuck at "Departed Fedex Facility" at a city 20 minutes away since Saturday. I got mine yesterday and it's amazing. I'm from Australia. Everybody can relax now, my copy has finally arrived. You can all go back to your regular lives now. Tracking number says that it is out for delivery. With any luck I will be playing with my d*ck tonight! FINALLY!!!!!!!!! Just got my box! Did anyone else notice a little slip of paper with a number written on it at the bottom of the box? Mine said 69, and considering the nature of that number, I'm curious if we all got that or if they're different for each person, and if they are, do they mean something beyond "this is the order the sets were printed in?" For anyone wondering There are 360 cards in the box 350 are the normal cards and 10 cards are write your own cards Blast from the past pack includes 50 cards And sexy kickstarter pack includes 30 cards 20 normal and 10 write your own cards All in total is 440 cards I counted them all and its all there therefore everyone else should have the same number unless they didnt order blast from the past pack For anyone thinking there should be more cards acording to the campaign page No it should not all cards promised are there Didnt play it yet Cant wait to play it Hi, Anyone else pledged for the $60 "Two deck combo" and only received 1 exlusive (red) box and 1 retail box? I'm from Canada Thanks! @ Matt K Same for me here in Quebec... I got 1 red box and 1 white box instead of 2 red boxes... Got mine two days ago, Finland. Looking great! I got my today and it's so epic *_* the cards are so well made it's amazing *_* Also this website needs and edit button for comments (I did had some typo's as well). @Philip Zimmermann I did get my order some days ago, but if tat's the case, they can fund their next cardgame themselves. The shipping costs are crazy (there is a new game from The Oatmeal and they ask $10 for shipping again). I will probably wait the next time until I can buy it on Amazon or their own website. I don't mind supporting the work of creators I love, but the blackbox shipping receipt said +-$6 shipping instead of the $25 dollar I paid. I am not doing that again. I got mine today. It looks amazing!! Thank you so fucking much!!! I just saw the game available for preorder on the C&H website. The shipping rates are 10USD lower there. Also blackbox never responded to my emails. So basically it is less customer service for more money. ... Seriously blackbox? Shipping update yesterday fedex says it arrived in phoenix today fedex says it arrived in phoenix again. Wtf? How does that work. It should be one day from Phoenix to tucson but they are saying it took one day for it to get from one side of Phoenix to another. BS yesterday i got mine! thanks I just received mine here in Ontario, Canada and I pledged for the $60 tier with two copies of the base game in red and the boosters as well. I only got one red edition and one normal edition for the base game is that normal? The other 10 write your own cards were included in the main game for everybody. I wrote a private message explaining what i recieved in my box. Ok so it is suppose to be 20 add your own word pack and it includes 10! Also #66 packed my set of 60.00 pledge and only gave me 1 of each pack not 2 Ok i have received my order. The box is 350 cards There is a blast from the past pack ( 50 cards ) Kickstarter pack 20 bonus cars + 10 write your own ( 30 cards ) I thought we were getting more bonus cards? Its not adding up! Just got mine in Vancouver. Looks great! Thanks guys! Just got mine today and the wooden box is amazing no tears or rips or cuts on the other box and I got all my packs and the playing mats you guys rock!!!!! So I got both boxes but only one was the red edition, I spent the needed amount to have both upgraded so I'm confused. Did I make a mistake on my end? I'm looking at the pledge and I wanted to be sure I'm not losing my mind haha @Cynaide and Happiness, have you thought about having a place to show off some great blank ones? I never wanted to actually use the blank cars in a game like this before, and would love to see what others did. Got my sets today here in CT. Upon visual inspection both boxes have cuts in the shrink wrap and on the box where the shrink wrap was cut. Can't wait to play with my friends! Also, BEST. PACKING. SLIP. EVER. Hi @Cyanide And Happiness I haven't received an email with a tracking number. I checked the KS email and it's all good. Gettin' sad seein' people getting their packs and not even knowing where mine is :( There was a problem with my order. I contacted customer support and they took care of it perfectly. Really happy with my experience. Can't wait to play the game this weekend at game night. Fucking yes! Got everything and it all looks awesome. Thx guys! I received my box and the extra cards yesterday and everything looks great, however, the box has a huge cut along the side and corner, looks like someone took a box cutter to it. It's pretty disappointing that the box is pretty much ruined. Hmm inspector 120 seems to have forgotten my blast from the past and the booster pack :( I only recieved the box with the standard deck, but no extra cards. I pledged 35$ FedEx seems to be taking a trip with my game because they manage to transport it further away from me and resulting late shipment. Delivery charged from Monday or estimated Friday Played on Monday! Loved it! So as the Fashion consultant pledge, weren't my d*cks supposed to be signed? I've tried contacting people to no avail so far. Got it, everything looks good. Thanks guys... I received mine yesterday, and I haven't had a chance to play it with friends yet, but after messing around with the cards by myself I can tell this is going to be amazing! Well done! Game received in Finland. The cards are all OK, but the envelope and the game box got somewhat damaged (one corner of the lid was clipped enough to make a hole (a few mm2 only, another just dented) and the "hem" of the lid had some marks as well. Ehh, good enough, I suppose. Will let Blackbox know about this in case they track the number of such events. Got mine today! Very excited to play! Thanks, guys! Hello, i just get my joking hazard shiny red box edition but the box is broken (maybe due to the shipping)... Is it possible to get another redbox (empty) ? thank you How do I go about contacting blackbox for my tracking number? Awesome game. Love the bonus card that was hidden in the lid of the box. Hi, i received a package with the game this monday but there was a tear in it and one of the booster packs, more specifically the Sexy KS-exclusive has fallen out. I wonder if there's a possibility for a replacement? Inspector 120 delivered my package in Australia I propably should check my comments for spelling errors first ... @Mette I think you misunderstood my commend :-) Yes the order in which packages are sent out is random. But thats not really an issue for me. The issue is, that the blackbox customer service does not have an order for emails. Backers are waiting for responses on emails they sent a week ago while others get responses the same day they sent it. It seems like blackbox just randomly answers emails and does not give a damn when they were sent to them. @Philip Zimmermann While I totally agree that I don't understand in what order they are shipping the packages, it is understandable that shipping out 63000 packafges can take a lot of time imo. @Tom I got inspector 69 too ;P @Paul, you got all of them in with sleeves on the cards? There is no way I can with Ultra Pro sleeves. @jay I got all my cards to fit in the box perfectly and with plenty of space left. Main deck, Kickstarter and blast from the past expansion. Still waiting for tracking, I can't wait to get to play, seeing everyone's comments makes me not want to wait. Just for anyone else looking to sleeve the cards. They won't all fit flush in the box. I can get most in vertical in the box but there is still 3 piles on top horizontal. Makes the box lid sit up about 3/4". Not too bad though. I am really curious how blackbox prioritises their email. Some backers get a respomse immediately. And some wait for werks. WTF blackbox. So I emailed Blackbox yesterday complaining. Received a FedEx tracking number today saying I will get it Saturday. Hmm the tracking number says it's 3 hours away. Why the hell would it take 4 days to travel 3 hours man that's some bad math. But wait there's more. The tracking number says they received the shipping info on 9-29 but they didn't receive the package until 10-17 and I done get an email until 10-18. Grrrrr What are people using to "add their own words" on their cards? Inspector 69 checked my d**k for quality. Did anyone else get a number in their box? Just got my Red d*ck! It's glorious UPDATE: I got an email from Blackbox around 11am my time today, apologizing for the mishap with my shipment being returned by FedEx and is sending me another one. I work in a mail room at my work, so I told them to ship it directly to my job. Hopefully next time I post here, it'll have been me receiving my copy of the game with no issues. Still don't know if this is on Blackbox or on FedEx for the error, but it seems like I'm not the only one who had this issue. Regardless, the prompt and polite service I've received thus far has been great, and am still looking forward to my copy arriving. Got my game a few days ago and cracked it open tonight. The packing was decent, no damage to box or anything. Played the game, loads of fun, but I found a card jn the box that was damaged. The clear coating is screwed up on the front face, and the back has a very clear crease and fold. It was in the middle of the deck, found no other defects. All in all not bad. I just wonder if there's a way to get a replacement card as the deck is brand new. Yesterday, I contacted C&H through messaging here and was told to contact Blackbox. After immediately doing so, I received a response today about a replacement shipment being made for me. Really great customer service :) just got my copy of the game. gonna try to get my friends together this weekend to play it. Is anyone OCD like me and going to sleeve the cards? Just wondering if they will all fit in the box if I do. @simon. Read the last update and good luck I didnt fill out my address until today - My notifications go to my secondary email account and i missed it - anyone know how i can fix this!?!?!? @ everybody who doesn't understand why they got a red and a white box: Did you fill out the survey correcly? You can check this by clicking on the blue view pledge button on top of this page (on the website) and you should be able to see the survey result on the survey tab (I only pledged for $35, so I am not 100% sure). As far as I understand, the default for the 2 box sets was one red and one white box. If you didn't change this (you could select one of these 3 options: 1 red and 1 white, 2 red or 2 white boxes). If you did indeed change this to 2 red boxes, I would try to contact them through kickstarter, but you probably forgot to change it in the survey. Sooo...received d*cks on Friday 14th October (Brisbane Australia)....receive email from Blackbox advising that order has been shipped and that it can be tracked, Tuesday 18th October. Talk about cart before horse...still happy with purchase...just maybe some feedback required for Blackbox to perhaps send emails in a more timely manner...particularly when the item was shipped over a month ago according to the manifest. @Felix: Yes, all cards within pack types are identical, there is no randomization in the packaging. And all the cards within the red box are identical to those in the white box. The World War 3 card should have a red border centered on the card just like all the others. The image is supposed to be a newspaper, which does get cut off by the bottom of the border since the article itself is not relevant, just the article title. What packing slip are you guys speaking of? No packing slip in mine and no "blast from the past" booster pack either ($75 red box w/mat). Sent email to Blackbox yesterday and now a message to C&H. I'm sure they'll sort it out soon. Blast from the past* booster pack I got mine today all looks great cant wait to play!!! One of the red boardered cards the "World War 3 Begins" card the text is cut off at the bottom. Was that on Purpose? Are the back to the future boosters packs the same? Are the kickstarted booster packs the same? Backer# 65,239 here and i recevied my package today and maybe next time you have a Kickstarter don't use Blackbox because my box was damaged. Yea, the packing slip was awesome. I cut the comic down and added it to the top of the box so it's the first thing you see when you open the box. Haven't gotten to play yet though. I look forward to trying it out. Hullo, I pledged $100, but instead of x2 red KS boxes, i got one red and one white. How did that happen?? Got my package of two shiny red boxes and two of each booster pack. Woooo! Anybody know who I would contact if my wooden box is broken? My red box arrived yesterday and I have been showing my d*ck off all day at work. I have to say that I was impressed with everything, even the packing slip was awesome! Well done! I should have it by today...fedex tracking @Duke, when you filled out the survey did you choose two red boxes? You had the option to choose which ones. I got both red by choosing red & red. Backer 27,339 here. Just got my shipping notification early this morning. Just wanted to let everyone know where they are on the list as it sounds like they were going by when you backed @Duke. I have the same issue. I don't know if that just means there was a misunderstanding when we were selecting which box we wanted or if that's an error on their end. Got my wooden d*ck and my shiny red d*ck today! All was well until I opened the shiny red d*ck; one of the cards had been peeled at the corner :( Got my Shiny Red Box and playmat today! Woohoo! Looking forward to showing my d*ck to anyone and everyone! The only problem is the little slip of paper in the box - how do I know if it was 66 or 99 who inspected my d*ck?!?! I got my package today and it blows my expectations out of the water!!!! Thank you very much!!! I haven't gotten my copy ($60 level, so copies) or my shipping notice. I got my package yesterday! Came in neatly packaged and undamaged, which is great! However, I need to figure out something. I did the $60 tier: got the extras that came with it, however I only got one red box, the 2nd being a normal edition. Did anyone in the same tier have the same issue? So played this with some friends and your rules for it sometimes leave it hard to get cards out which is why we came up with the rule "Jacob's Ladder" With this rule the deck plays a card the judge then closes their eyes and the players play 2 cards to make the card fit in any order they see fit so 2 at the begging and the deck's play is the punchline, 1 on each side of the deck card, or both at the end and the deck is playing the first bit of the joke. The Judge then reveals the cards making the card go up or down the ladder to fit the joke. Another method we found fun is "Crowd Pleaser" In this format the deck plays a card (or Cards if you don't want to use Jacob's Ladder) and the players play around it all cards face down til reveal. When the cards are revealed the group votes on which one won. You can't vote on your own card though! This keeps it fair and makes sure that you are part of the crowd and not just rigging your vote. Thanks for email and all but it got here yesterday! Thank you! Got my shipping email yesterday. Should arrive Saturday. Odd thing is, its leaving Arizona today, heading to California, and from there coming here to Nevada. Does FedEx not own a map? I got mine today as well. Did not have time to check everything out as I had to go to work, but from the first look everything was in the package. As long as nothing went wrong with the actual d*cks, everything should be fine. @jokinghazard, I think you guys need to talk to Blackbox. I got my d*cks on Friday, but I didn't get the shipping notification until late the following Monday evening. Looking at the comments I'm not the only one whose had issues with Blackbox. No reason for that kind of foul up from a shipper. Never heard from Blackbox (ever), but after messaging Joking Hazard directly they sent my tracking number within 12 hours! It even came 2 days early! RED BOX LOOKS SO GUD Can't wait to play with my d*ck I received my e-mail yesterday and it was at my house when I got there. My shipment came in a good box so no issues with damage. Today I got my shipping notification email for my 2 d*ck pledge however my d*cks came prematurely 4 days ago. Seems like Blackbox was the wrong choice to make for shipping, but at least everything is being delivered. Still waiting on mine in Nova Scotia, Canada! No shipping email yet. I just received mine. Got an email last week from Blackbox and DPD. Package was delivered from UK to Germany. Packaging had some ditches but the game box, boosters and cards are fine. Amusingly, it's just turned up. Seems to be undamaged too. Still no reply from Blackbox though My pledge has arrived today (actually it arrived on Saturday, but I had to collect it from the post office). Great quality, packaging is in A1 condition and the Kickstarter exclusive pack of cards was a lovely suprise. Nice job guys @Johannes Goller, Same here corner of box was damaged in mine. Looks cheap now :-( @Johannes Goller Mine was damaged on the edges a bit too,but nothing horrible. Got my d*ck today! (Germany) Seriously, Blackbox? You're sending a box made of cardboard around the world and you think a bubble wrap envelope is the right choice? Of course the Box arrived damaged. Johuuuu::::::!!:!:!:! I got it! Know it goes around the sausage! :-) Same as Thomas Got an email 7 days ago but no tracking. I too emailed Blackbox. Will keep you updated. Got my package on Friday (in mid-Michigan). Received an email late yesterday from Blackbox with the shipping info (shipped last Tuesday)... Had a shipping email 3 days ago but it has no tracking information. Will email Blackbox but not expecting a response. All the other campaigns that have used Blackbox have been delivered on the day or the day after the shipping email was sent. Not unduly worried just yet as it's only been 3 days the project wasn't due for delivery until November but no tracking info is frustrating. I just got an email from Blackbox telling me my copy was shipped... I received my game a week ago Got my package last night, absolutely love the game! Thanks guys! Received my email from Blackbox 40 minutes ago. According to the tracking information, the parcel failed to deliver 6 days ago. This has been the second most frustrating Kickstarter experience I have ever had. So got shipping notification today Package arrived yesterday :) Lol Just got my email! (Las Vegas, NV), and it's due in 2 days. Apparently, it's been underway for about 5 days now. Got a Confirmation Email 7 Days ago. No Tracking # was included and so far i did not get my game. How Long would you wait until Messaging C&H? One of the person who pledged and paid 200$ I've still haven't got anything. I mean ANYTHING. It would have been nice if I've received my shipping notification, at least !!!!!!!!! @Thomas- you're not alone, I'm having similar issue with no response from black box. Arizona here. $60 pledge. @Adam - same for me...email just arrived...4 business days after receiving mine! The tracking suggests it's still in transit... I just got my email from Blackbox, My parcel turned up last Thursday.... My D*ck showed up today! Got the email that my d*ck shipped after I unboxed. Minnesota backer 36000 ish. No games and no email/tracking number. Is anyone from C&H reviewing these comments? I tried emailing blackbox, but no response. Got my email this evening and it was shipped on 10/14. Will be delivered soon! I haven't gotten an email or anything yet?! What's going on? Did anyone else get a black king of clubs in their d*ck? I'm not real sure what to do with the card. I got my game today. I cannot wait to play it! I got my d*ck, play mat and bonus d*cks today. Now I'm ready to have friends over to play with my d*ck. Got my email today :) it was shipped 10/14 from California, but it says it won't get here until 10/24, in Colorado. If so, that's some crazy slow shipping. I have not received my d*ck or an email with any shipping information. :( two boxes, one red, one white four expansions (2 each, as appro) fit snugly into the packign box, no peanuts req'd. Notification would have been nice, but was happy to see it arrived! MI, 48126 I have gotten no email or my d*ck bock and mat. Sent Blackbox an email just now. My package contained the card box, the two expansions, a packing slip/comic, and a small piece of crumpled packaging paper. A reply from blackbox would be awesome. 0/10 for customer experience. Received mine in the mail today (CA 92126) as well as the shipping email hours after delivery. Unfortunately, the shipping package was smashed in and my Card box was dented in the process. I contacted C&H, and hopefully something can be done about this :) It seems different Blackbox distribution centers may be using different methods and levels of quality control. Although my shipping box did not contain any packing peanuts, my double red boxes and expansion packs came through undamaged in a fairly sturdy shipping box. My invoice with personalized comic was printed in black and white, while it appears some others got theirs in color. The Quality Control Number slip in my box was 66. Or 99. Can't tell which side is up. Sending shipping e-mail notices is also useless when the e-mail is sent SEVEN DAYS AFTER the shipment was sent, THREE DAYS AFTER the package has been delivered! I hope the creators of this project did not pay Blackbox a premium to provide shipment tracking since it seems a very large number of us never received tracking info in advance. Just got my shiny red d*cks today! All expansions and boxes look pristine. Unlike some others here mine was shipped in a box with foam peanuts for filler. Looks like Blackbox recruited snakes & lattes for fulfilment in Canada. Got the game ten days ago and then got the alert email today saying it was delivered 10 days ago, so I guess I am good. I got mine today. I got a lot of use from the print and play but so glad to have the real thing. Never got a shipping notice but it arrived today (Ontario Canada). Played for a bit, great game. Good job guys Backer #59,437 here! Got it earlier today while at work. Went home to grab it to check it out. So cool so far! Got mine a couple of days ago in Newcastle, UK. Shipping email came in yesterday... Got mine today.. A few hours later I got the email saying it had shipped :D woohoo! Game has shipped! Just got my email from Blackbox! Should be delivered to Mississippi Wednesday. Backer # 20,887. Backer number 45694. Just received my shipment email. Tho looking at tracking it was shipped on the 12th. Should arrive the 19th. Got my two Red D*cks & bonus cards here in Vancouver Canada today. HOORAY! Finally got a shipping e-mail so i just got my game today but my blast from the past booster wasent in there Just a funny... my two red dicks were delivered to work on Saturday. The mail room delivered them to me at 10:30am today. At 4:30pm today I received my Blackbox shipping confirmation for the same package. Which was shipped 6 days earlier. So glad Blackbox was on top of the shipping confirmations. I didn't get any shipping email so I emailed Blackbox this morning and they resent me the shipping email. My package shipped out from California on 10/11 and the scheduled delivery date to Hawaii is 10/28. Is my package coming by boat to Hawaii? I got my game Friday and it looks great thanks Funny I still haven't received the shipping email Maybe it's actually a time traveling shipment :-D My two red D*cks arrived safely in Minnesota today! 4 hours after delivery I got the confirmation email. Just glad it made it! Hoping everyone else gets there D*cks soon! Hilariously I received my Shiny Red D*ck on Friday, and I just received the tracking email this morning. xD Just now this very instant received an email that my package is in transit No Email. No Shipment yet. My sister told me that she just now received the d*cks. I scrounged through email and Black Box never sent a tracking number. Happy it's arrived but not happy with the shipping shenanigans and lack of communication. She went through and everything is there, at least. Got mine in the mail today! NB, Canada. Can't wait to get this out at a party! Got notification email, my Package will be here in the next day or two as long as the Postal service doesn't screw up. You know what would really cool? Receiving my Red d*ck or at LEAST a tracking # to put my mind as ease. Thanks, Blackbox. So i today i received it and had no one to play it with since my sister and i were alone Sooo we made up a new way to play and it was really funny So you bassicly name two people that you know of and randomly pull a card from the deck and those are the two people you mentioned Sometimes its lame but its mostly extremely funny Got mine the mail today amazing looking. Faint wait to play with my d*ck. I might invite friends to just watch me play with it. In AR by the way. Just got mine in the mail. Really happy with it. Can't wait to sit down with my friends and play it. No email tracking, or d*ck :'( Kan någon svensk som har fått deras d*ck berätta hur mycket lång tid det var mellan mailet från Blackbox och tills d*cket kom fram Still no email about shipping my D*CK!! I want to play with my D*CK...that is all And I got it today magicly. The extra cards from the booster and KS pack are sick as hell :D Also at least we have a SSJ card :D my paper says 120. what are those numbers? Mine came today. Everything was perfect. USA. Received today, very happy. Uk. @Hannes: Well fuck... <url>"Shiny Red Box Edition" looks like crap, sure glad I paid extra for that too. My group already modified the rules. For us, we have the deck and judge start things off, and then the first player puts down card #3. Then everyone is allowed to play cards onto any spot so long as the result is funny. The round ends when people agree they're spent or everyone runs out of cards. The person that got the most laughs gets the point. Follow up to what I just said. From the creator 5 days ago. There's no hard and fast rule about the order in which packages are going out. However, if you haven’t received a tracking email by Monday, October 17th, email <email> with the email address used to back the Kickstarter project. Our Blackbox customer service team will give you an update ASAP." Never got a confirmation but I got mine Saturday. Remember a few days ago creator said email them (not sure what email but it's down in the comments) if you didn't receive your set by today. NEVERMIND! My Double Red D*cks just showed up, never received a shipping email. Got both of d*ck in the mail Friday. Can't wait to wip out my d*ck in front of all my friends! I'm sure they will all enjoy handling it! No email. No nothing... I'd say I'm just sitting here waiting with my d*ck in my hand, but that's actually the OPPOSITE of my problem. My D*ck is in my hands right now. Feels pretty good. Kind of annoying that Target is getting boxes of the game before kickstarter backers... Still no word on shipping here in Boston Still no word on my double d*ck. Was hoping to see a shipping email today. However, local Target does it have it on the shelf. (KCMO Area). Still waiting up in Canada! Can't wait, I'm so excited from all your responses!! Ahhhhhhh! Had an wonderful parcel of joy arrive at work while i was on holiday last week. I now have my red d*ck to hand and look forward to playing with it when i get home! Received on Friday, played on Saturday evening for 3 hours. Congrats on smashing Cards Against Humanity. Got my white d*ck today in Austria! Looking forward to playing around with it with my friends! Finally I even started to watch d*ck pics on facebook just to see how they look but now i can finally watch my own hard red d*ck Everything looks awesome and i got a number 117 I think C&H will announce what do numbers mean once everyone got their d*ck in their hands No email. No package. No local target. Mine has just arrived (UK). It looks great, can't wait to play it. Thanks guys. Woooo!!!! Just picked up my copy from the post office (UK). I know what I'm doing tonight :D thank you The package just arrived. I am so stoked! Game arrived in the mail friday, invited 6 people over and played through the entire deck. Very good game, lots of laughs. Much different than CAH which is all just crass, this can be witty as well.... great job. Couldn't be happier. I'm in Karlskrona, Sweden and my package just arrived this very minute. Looks to be in good quality and everything! Some registered package arrived today, but nobody heard the postman appartenly. So I will know somewhere tomorrow if it is Joking Hazard or not (as there was no included trackingsite with the email I got). I expect it to be JH (I don't have a clue what else it could be), but you never know. Ordered the 2 mat package for $100. Haven't heard anything from the company yet about this. My friend received his and Target has it for $10 cheaper than the original kickstarter. This is just a train wreck. Btw $60 tier, mid Ohio Recieved my two d*cks Saturday morning!!! Never recieved a shipping email that I saw. My d*cks coming was a sweet surprise. Backer 22k-ish. Haven't even gotten shipping confirmation. Note, in case it matters to anyone, my backer number is just under the 50k I'm in Brisbane, Australia and my deck arrived today too. Absolutely thrilled with the quality - as usual, the highest quality cards from C&H! Thanks guys!!! Ok, so it has been well over 2 weeks since shipping began, and I still have not received even a shipping confirmation email. I've tried emailing blackbox the first and second week, but no reply, they simply ignore everything. What can I do about it? Sucks to be part of the group that has not received any rewards still. Got my white d*ck today. Backer number 38,963 in Brisbane, Australia. Enjoyed the short little comic on the Order Form. First time I've seen a company do anything interesting with one. Can't wait to play a couple of games once life gets less busy for me and my friends. Second Andrew's question. I didn't get any kind of confirmation email Whats the email we're supposed to email if we dont hear anything by Oct 17? Mine came yesterday, with no shipping notice! It was a fun surprise. I was a $60 backer, live in Illinois. Comment #4000 @jim wise ah I did not see that. Well that makes me happy that I could get a grip around my d*cks sooner than later. Went to Target today, contemplated buying the copy that was on the shelf there. Decided that I would rather wait for my d*cks instead of prematurely purchasing a d*ck. @Ryan Miller: It was confirmed long ago that there is absolutely no pattern to the shipments. They are NOT going out by backer number, backer type, location, or anything else (I'm backer 754, some in the 50,000 range reported getting theirs several days ago, some in my same state, some in all backer levels.) MANY of us are also receiving our shipments without ever receiving any shipment e-mail. my comments are messing but what I was gonna say was I'll have my twin d*cks in my hands one day!!! Not I'll get I'll Thanks, I guess I have a really long time to wait on mine then. @Ryan Miller mine arrived today, backer number 7,191 What do the little pieces of paper with numbers at the bottom mean? @Marcos, my package had a purple pack that had read: Kickstarter Thank You Pack; 20 Exclusive Bonus Cards; +10 Excursive "Add Your Own Words" Cards Well @marcos I got the world war and then a pack that says Joking hazard kickstarter thank you pack. did everyone get the sexy Kickstarter exclusive pack I only got the do your own and the world war but nothing else... For those who got theirs now what backer number are you ? I'm 43295 I wanna know how far out I am. <url>"Contact Us" on their page, so hopefully we can get this sorted out. @Brian, well, you could play the black bordered dream card after any of them, or a card with only one character if the red card didn't kill both of them. ;) On another note, I just noticed that none of the scenes where the gray shirt watches the other two on a monitor is in the deck. Thank you! I got my two D*cks yesterday! Woop! Looks amazing Got mine My red edition didnt come with the bonus expansion, please send another. For all those asking about the red cards...they will always be in the last spot of the comic and you play the first two(the setup) when the deck plays one...they are a card that the characters can't come back from so they need to be the final punchline when playing I'm sure it would have said trade with each other if that was the case. After reading the rules I have a question about red panels. Does "trade" mean with each other or with the deck? Still nothing for me,I'm pretty sure I'm fucked.... Got my red box! (In Nova Scotia) Thank you so much!! :D Received mine yesterday, shame the box was damaged..... Yay! I got my d*cks! In MN, no confirmation email btw far too late now but cards should include an edition emblem on them in case we want to separate after opening/playing Still waiting on double dat mat... Received it yesterday, in SoCal. Still no email, still no box...from CA. We just played for the last 3 hours and our sides hurt so bad! Beer was snorted through noses, food was choked on, one person nearly passed out from lack of o2. Loooove this game No email or game yet...are they still shipping or should I be worried? @Darwyn A friend of mine got his last week and I got my email the other day. We are in New Brunswick. are they still sending the emails i'm still waiting for mine Got an email about a week ago saying it would be here on the 15th. They were right. Got my Red Box and booster packs. Very happy. From Massachusetts for anyone wondering. Anyone in Canada get theirs. Let alone Montreal Quebec? Got my redbox and the BEAUTIFUL wood box today. Everything is beautiful, though I might be missing one of the Kickstarter exclusive packs. I have to double check when I get home again. I'm going to say I'm getting off lucky on this. My shipment arrived today. No prior notice, just showed up. Red Boxes in great shape and it looks like my pledge was shipped complete. Backer 7671, Houston Texas... for those interested... Got my two pack today Sadly disappointed, backed the $60 tier and only got one deck. Blackbox didn't even read my email before responding :( I hope that CAH can sort this out. The world war 3 cards aren't misprinted, they are meant to be that way. It's just showing the headline of an article in a newspaper but the actual article itself isn't important Has anyone made any good custom cards? Got my red box it's f#*@ing awesome! My world war 3 begins card is misprinted, any chance of getting a replacement? Is there a link or a way to find out what's going on with shipping? I ordered mine with the playing mat so I expected there to be a certain delay, but I haven't received any information since giving my address... SE Iowa btw if anybody is tracking that sort of thing Red box received. It looks so freaking good! I'm digging the super saiyan card. Just got mine! Looks great!!! Nevermind. Just saw the post down the way So why did big box stores like Target get theirs while I still don't have my copy? Anyone know what service they use to ship in case I just didn't get email? I routinely have packages go to my apartment managers office with no notice to me and I'd like to know if it somehow got returned to blackbox. Got mine, did not get an email either. It was a nice surprise. No email, but I received my 2 red boxes today! (NE Wisconsin) Got my game and we played it with four of us. Much shenanigans ensued. We already did some custom reviews to alleviate bad luck with cards: let the judge decide where the third card would go (first, second, or last of the three-card spread), or have the judge say each player could decide (removes the anonymity factor, but otherwise leads to funnier comics). 9/10, would shenanigan again! Didn't get an email, but got my red d*ck today in Colorado! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Got the email. Yessss! Michael Schueler, you're not alone. Still no email or box, yet everyone around me that pledged has received theirs, and every one of them a much lower tier than my own pledge. One would think that the higher pledge amounts would have been the first to ship. Not angry, just a little irritated. Hopefully I get some sort of update soon. Just arrived in Texas, no email, so if you haven't got an email yet don't worry too much, it may still be here soon. Still no email here :S hopefully like many other people on here it just shows up and it shows up today haha Still haven't received a tracking email....wtf As I understand the red border cards: When the deck plays a red panel, all players can replace the cards on hand that they don't want. Then everyone plays two cards instead of one, finishing the three panel strip, and then the judge picks their favourite, and give the winner two points. Mine arrived yesterday. Haven't had time to play properly, but the box, cards etc feel lovely. Thank You! Can anyone explain the red panel rules? I think I don´t understand them in total. So, when the deck plays a red panel, everyplayer can trade in any cards to get them replaced? Does this mean, I discard 2 cards and draw 2 new ones? And what does the rules mean by "everyone else plays the two panel setup"? Does the comic start with the red panel and the players finish them with 2 panels instead of just the third? Finally got my tracking email yesterday. Two big red d*cks should be arriving at my door on the 18th. Fingers crossed they're not beat to all heIl like some people's. Received my big red d*ck today, looks great and cool that the bonus packs were foil wrapped for freshness! I got mine yesterday! Never received an email with a tracking number or to tell me that it shipped though. Got my red box today, but no bonus blast from the past deck. Will this arrive separately? Still no email but I did got my 2 shiny red d*cks today. Nicely packaged and everything looks high quality! Can't wait to play it! @Tom Young: I had the same kind of shipment as you (it was delivered to the netherlands). By the same company, The trouble of asking for a replacement and hoping that one wont be dented is to much for me and just like you it kills my initial excitement. Got mine the box edges are dented and also the sides have scratches from a box cutter or something @Creator I received my Shiny Red Kickstarter edition today and am very excited to play it for the first time tomorrow! Just an FYI though - your UK shipping company (the return address says James & James) has not, in my opinion, packaged the rewards with sufficient protection. They are just in a poor quality padded envelope, and my box arrived with a large dent in one of the top edges of the box. It's not damaged enough to ask for a replacement, but it is damaged enough to stop that initial excitement and give me a sad when I opened it and saw it for the first time. Got my d*ck today, unfortunately the box is a bit dented and if I look at the inside I can see the cardbox is tearing apart a bit. Im gonna play it tomorrow with a friend :D Same here no email either but I'm excited and hoping it comes soon! Backer 51525 200$ edition still no email but excited and hopeful. So i got my email 5 days ago Didnt include tracking info. Super excited to play it but however i see all this comments saying how they got their game only a few days after the email and i dont know should i be worried. I dont mean those emails who were sent the same day as the package arrived. Just had mine delivered here in the U.K. not opened it yet but looks good so far..... Hey guys, as per this facebook post: <url>"This assortment of waguely history-themed cards features.....yadda yadda yadda." Waguely? What's this? I'm not German. :-P Just thought you should know! (PS what do I win???? :) @Ian Harris, They have responded twice to the Target situation: Oct 8 "Here's what's going on with Target: We agreed a few months ago to let Target sell our game, but ONLY after the Kickstarter shipping was completed. However, there was a major communication breakdown and, without our knowledge, Target was not given the correct launch date for the game. We learned about this at the same time you guys did. This is unfair to our backers and we're really upset by this. We've already been on the phone with our contacts at Target and, as of now, there are no more Target shipments moving in, and they're actively working to pause all distribution of the game to stores. This is not okay at all, we're sorry that it's happening, and we're doing everything we can to stop it. In the meantime, BlackBox is racing to get all your rewards sent out to you, including all those special add-on packs, game mats, and shiny boxes that lowly Target customers will never get to enjoy." Oct 11 "For those wondering about the Target situation: We have successfully gotten them to pull it off their website, and there are no more shipments coming in. We are super pissed off that it was launched before all of the Kickstarter rewards went out, and we're doing everything in our power to prevent more from hitting the shelves until backer shipments go out. Speaking of which, we've gotten an estimate from BlackBox that the latest date for finishing shipping will be Friday the 21st. They're aware of the Target problem, and we're working together to push that date even sooner." I dont have my games yet and my friends do. Are my games on their way? So I'll be honest i haven't been keeping up with this Kickstarter. So I'm hoping someone can fill me in why my local target has this game and I don't! I dropped a lot of cash for this and I could have just got it from target tonight for $20. No email no deck in Perth Australia. Spewing so many people have it already.i just want to play Just got it in mail today!!!! I got my shipping email a couple of hours ago! (Lest see how much it take for it to get to Spain) So exited... By the way, what's the cars size? How many cards are there in the end, I'm sleeving this game 11% sure hahah Double Red Box in Florida! Received mine today in Illinois, never got a shipping notice though. Got my Red Box today! So pumped. On a side note, anyone else notice that the Blast from the Past booster pack description states "This assortment of waguely history-themed..."? Shouldn't it be "vaguely"? Had a good chuckle at that. I received mine today! No shipping email, but everything looks great! I got mine Wednesday! I ordered a label maker (Dymo LM280) which you can connect to your PC or Mac and you can print out labels in any font you have, so I downloaded the same font C&H uses and started customizing some blank cards. They look really great! I wish I could post pics here in comments. I'm hoping they hold up in play! I'll let you know! Still waiting. No email, no box.. Got mine today! Can't wait to play. Got mine today! Can't wait to play. Yeah just got mine today! Now I sort of wish I got the blast from the past booster pack or the red box... Got my set of the game a couple of days ago. Took a quick picture of the contents: 1. Basic edition of the game. 2. Blast from the Past Booster pack. 3. Kickstarter Booster pack. 4. Poster/Instruction manual. 5. Slip of paper with the number 69 printed on it. <url>� No email. No tracking. No D*ck. No bueno. Nvm, it was sent to my old email. Supposed to get it tuesday. Here in Dallas and still not even an email..... I received mine today. Very nice. Great quality. I appreciate the fact you guys went above and beyond to get all off the orders out a month ahead of schedule. So many complaining about target but few even mention you fixed that issue fast. Great job guys Ill back you again in whatever you do next. Ps, So would half the complainers. Saw them at Target this week, made me sad, no email, no game, no happiness :( Pretty shitty target has them already and I haven't even gotten a shipping confirm. Ill be sure to not back you guys again. No email or package yet for me. Really hoping to see mine soon. I'm jealous of everyone who's got to play with their d*cks already. Mines got some sort of printing error; it's a dark version of what appears to be an offset king of diamonds from a regular playing card deck. Anyone else get something like this? Got mine in Iowa today, tracking said it would be here Monday so it was a nice surprise. Thank you! At target, staring at joking hazard, wishing I had a confirmation email...... Recieved in Sydney, Australia. Can't wait to play Received my d*ck this morning! Best unboxing eva :) D*cks successfully shi**ed today to Illinois. Looks great. Mine was supposed to arrive today, FedEx released it to the Post Office. When it didn't show, I checked the email which told me that they had an incorrect address and are returning the package. I double checked my survey and it shows the correct mailing address. Tested the dry erasability of the cards, and while it seems as though it should work in theory, in practice there is still a lot of residual residue left on the card. You can still use it with dry erase to change if you want, it just won't look squeaky clean Received mine today. There are razor blade marks that cut into my box though on two sides. My sweet dick its magic, got my box today. Love the epic little comic strip you guys sent with it. @Jamin Wright Fellow Masshole here, no shi**ing email nor any surprise d*cks waiting for me either... Delicately handling my d*ck right now. No email, just the d*ck. It's okay, I love the D. Just got my box yesterday, can't wait to play it. question though. I noticed the shiny red box can hold 600 cards, right now there are 430 cards in the game (counting the two card packs). If I sleeve the 430 cards with ultrapro sleeves would it still fit in the box? Figured I'd ask before buying 450 sleeves. @ Cyanide and Happiness I see what it says about double point rounds in the instructions. What I'm referring to is what was said about them in the campaign in the "How to play" section. "Red panels involve stuff the characters can't come back from, like murder, dismemberment, etc. This makes them ONLY fit in panel 3." I was just wanting to check if that got changed. Because players who haven't seen that part might get confused since its not in the instructions. Thank you for an absolutely genius game. Just received mine the other day. Guys, thank you so much for producing something of quality as promised and on time. It's sad that this isn't seen very often on Kickstarter but I had no doubt that the C&H crew would deliver. My brother is going to love his Christmas a gift this year. Got it! Can't wait to play! Woohoo! Got mmy red/white combo today! Can anyone confirm: Same cards in Red/White boxes? I have not received my copy yet, nor any email regarding shipping. When should I start panicking? Just picked it up at the post office, saw a few cards but decided it's best left to a mystery when playing. I don't really drink but reading the drinking rules makes me want to. Seems like it'll be fun. Got my copy today! Only problem is that I didn't get my personalised comic that overs have seem to gotten. Sweet Jesus that was fast just got my RED box. Got my white box yesterday. In AZ. Anyone in Colorado get theirs? $60 2 red box tier This game is amaze sauce. Had a blast playing. It was much more fun than i ever anticipated. Good work!!!! Fucking great game. My d*cks showed up today (Kansas) did not receive any notification they were coming. Everything looks great. No email or dick yet in Miami FL yet. But I just saw a bunch at my local Target! WTF! never received an email, however my $60 pledge arrived today in KY, and they even fulfilled my late request to switch to two red box editions. 10/10 would back again Just got mine today, Wisconsin, and I never got a shipping confirmation. Anybody in MA got one yet? No Shi**ing email or D*ck in my box yet. No shipping confirmation email or d*ck yet either :( D*ck in hands, had my shi**ing email when I woke this morning. Had to w**k today, so wondered how it would be delivered, just home and package on door mat. Still no email or d*ck yet. :'( Canada here, received on the same day as the blackbox email. Received my d*ck in the UK! Mine arrived today. A whole month early! Just got my package and everything looks wonderful.... Minor scratches on the box have left some black marks under the cellophane. I was reading the back of the Blast from the Past package and noticed that it says "This assortment of waguely..." This should be "vaguely" It arrived in Belgium ^^ @Cooper Christian I got email,but no d*ck so far(I'm pretty sure it's lost) Anyone not receive d*ck OR email yet? Just me? Super :( Got my set yesterday. Box pretty battered unfortunately - it could have been packed way better to avoid this; a little disappointing. HOWEVER - this game is brilliant. It makes Cards Against Humanity look like a virginal Sunday School teacher. Some of the results have been vicious, dirty and just plain wrong. Turns out my dear old Nan has a dark side! If you send more out though guys, think about better packaging so others don't suffer the heartbreak I have! Received (UK) this-morning. Looming forward to giving this a go. Thank you, Creator. Received my double d**k. But no notification from Blackbox. Melbourne, Australia. Received my shiny red box of love today. Melbourne, Australia Things just got hilariously hazardous in Midland, MI! Yea i got mine today! (Steyr, Austria) @Stefan Yeah, I forgot about the shipping costs. With shipping it sums up to 61$. I was confused, because the mail said 0$ shipping... Got shipping email today then received my cards two hours later. Those are some fast delivery elves you have there. Can't wait to play it tomorrow I finally got my email from BlackBox in Lowell, Massachusetts, United States. My package is scheduled to be delivered on the 17th of October. And if you may have guessed my shipping is free. @Stefan Janssen I got a similar email from them 2 days ago. my pack is still nowhere(it was shipped on the 6th,some other fella received it on the 11th...). I'm pretty sure it's lost and somemone stole it. Still waiting for my copy - UK resident. Got mine today (Adelaide, Australia). I never got the email with the tracking number even though the package was trackable from Sydney, Aus. Looks to be in excellent condition! @haderlump: How about the shipping costs? I pledged the $35,- one as well, but with shipping costs it became about 60 I think. I asked Blackbox if they had a trackingnumber for me and what company is gonna deliver the game (so that I know what time I can expect the game). This was their reply: Stefan, Thanks for reaching out! It looks like your game shipped out yesterday (woo!). International shipping takes about 5-7 business days to arrive, so the goods should be on your doorstep any day now. We unfortunately don’t have any tracking information on international orders like yours, I’m sorry. If you don’t get your game by the 21st, let me know and I’ll get you sorted from there - Jemma Email and game received today. Good work! Got my box today. Looks awesome. Just the box is slightly dented thanks to the postal service. XD it makes me happy am not the only one. or Oo is this how it suppose to be?? there was number 117 inside my box. Got my box today. Looks awesome. Just the box is slightly dented thanks to the postal service. @Mette I checked and Kickstarter really says my pledge level is 35$. But this makes no sense cause I never upped anything. I went straight to the 60$ and not started at 35$ and upped to 60$ later... Btw, for me the email said it costs $0.00. But my reward tier seems correct as far as I can see (as long as everything is there when it arrives). Just got my shiny red d*ck :D @Haderlump Hopefully you did indeed up your pledge level and not only the money you paid. You can check your pledge either on the Campaing page or by clicking on view pledge on this page. It says under selected reward. It isn't super clear how to up your pledge as you can up the money without upping the reward level if you aren't careful. If kickstarter says you pledged for the $60 reward level, I would contact C&H. Anyone from hungary? I got my e-mail saying my order is on the way. I am really happy now. Will be even more happy to get it. I have gotten a lot of play out of the print and play version but I really want the actual cards. Hi there @Cyanide And Happiness I got the mail, that my order is on the way. But I only get the 35$ package, but I chose/paid for the 60+$ to get two sets... Thank you so much! just got my order yesterday and will be cranking out a few games on the weekend I have no doubt! and I absolutely loved the personalised order confirmation!!! I want to frame it! @Roberto Jones It means nothing :P I'm waiting for it a week now and still nothing...I think it's lost.... Email received this morning. Come to me my precious! @IllegallyMike it just means that your d*ck was fondeled and examined by inspector #69 and was approved for your enjoyment I finally got the game, just wanting to say that. Oh and one more thing, why is there a paper with the number 69 written on it under all of the cards in the box? I'm not sure if I'm just dense or what, but I don't quite get the bonus round red card rules. It says everyone else creates the two panel setup... so after that the judge picks one of their cards to add to one of the setups to finish the standard 3 panel strip, and whoever created that setup gets the points? Got it! I laughed and cried and it was glorious! Didn't get a tracking email...but my d*cks arrived today (Brisbane, Australia) <3 Tracking email came my way today, unfortunately Canada post is terrible for tracking packages, so its anyone's guess when the D*ck will be in my mailbox. Any Canadian backers know how long (estimated) it took before the package arrived? Australian backer here, haven't received a tracking email yet. I'm hoping I'll receive mine despite the lack of the email, like some others seem to have. This is starting to get really stupid. Another week has passed and still no email, no nothing and it's still being sold in Target. I couldn't buy one because I would not feel comfortable supporting this project any further. Kickstarter Christmas today! My box came this afternoon, along with another backed project. Two in one day! Can't wait to play it the next time our friends suggest cards against humanity. Just found this on my step today! I'm so excited to open and play! Anyone know what carrier this is being shipped with? USPS? FEDEX? 35$ tier from Canada just got it, it looks amazing :D I love it a lot. Got it! YASSSSSSS. ITS HERE, ****'s!!! About to get my nasty on. *bow chicka wowwow!!* Pleasantly surprised to find this in my mailbox today. My shipment has been stuck in customs for the past 3 days because of a missing commercial invoice :( I've emailed Blackbox and left a message to the creators but I still haven't gotten any response :( Are we supposed to have an email if they've shipped it? Cause I haven't received any emails :( I just got the game today and all I can say I love it. Specially the exclusive 20 bonus card. I was super surprised to get my thing early today Thanks a lot. All the cards and everything look high quality. And yes I do have the comic from my invoice stuck above my bed ;) Well, I got mine in the mail today, but I never got an email to let me know it was coming. Happy Day. I just have one question. In the campaign, it mentions that red bordered panels are only for the last panel, but there is no mention of that in the instructions. Did I miss something, or did it get changed? So glad I have a friend who backed this too. Still waiting on my copy. Guess we can play his copy in tge meantime :D looking forward to getting mine! Received a couple of shiny red d*cks + foil p*cks in Melbourne, Australia today. No tracking information. Took a picture of the d*cks to share with my friend before peeling mine open. Looking forward to playing with my d*ck as soon as possible. Received a couple of shiny red d*cks + foil p*cks in Melbourne, Australia today. No tracking information. Took a picture of the d*cks to share with my friend before peeling mine open. Looking forward to playing with my d*ck as soon as possible. Just got mine and "Holy F*cking Sh*t" Red Box of Love. Looks so shiny! Got my D*cks in the mail today! The first thing I did was smelled them, then I literally licked the D*cks from the bottom to the top. They taste great ;) I got d*ck today! D*ck 64 baby! Just pulled my d*ck out of the mailbox and snapped a pic of it to send to my friends. They are all real excited to come over and play with my d*ck!! It looks so sweet I'm playing with my d*ck by myself right now! What the hell? I was just at my local sports stadium for a game, and the mascot was shooting copies of this game from a cannon to the crowd. I'd have had one, but some fathead stood up and blocked the box with his thick skull. Was a collector's box too... Goddamit... My D*ck just arrived downunder. So no tracking number come through yet and no shipping email, hope you guys are enjoying your games. I can't wait for mine! @TenChiGin Did you had tracking number in the mail? (mine has only order number.....) My d*ck is out for delivery, Yay! However, my wife just sent me a picture of many d*cks for sale at Target. UK Backer. Shipping notification received Tuesday. D*cks received Wednesday. I didn't know they had enough funding left over to invent teleport technology too! Opened one box and saw three D*cks inside. First thing I'm gonna do is make them into one big D*ck. Playing with a big D*ck is so much more fun, though there may be some out there who prefer handling more than one D*ck at a time. Besides, small hands can make small D*cks look bigger than they really are. [Is that why Donald Trump is happy to boast about his c*ck?] Just had my pair of d*cks pop by in the mail. Got my shipping info for my red box to Canada last night. Expected to be here tomorrow. @adam v feel you man Still no tracking info T.T hate being in the dark Just got my smooth $35 d*ck in MN, USA. Everything looks awesome and my d*ck came earlier than I thought it was going to! Got the email at 2:22 this morning, and the package was waiting for me when I got home tonight. Off upstairs now to get my d*ck out and play with it - all by myself (UK backer) Woo! Just got my copy!!!($35 tier)(Michigan,USA) Can't wait to get my friends ready for some crazy card game fun!! Woo, just got the game now i just need friends! First off, black box failed to send me any shipping information, but Cyanid and Happiness did it for them! Woot woot. So excited to play. Secondly, I would say that since it's not November yet and the expected delivery dates were November the kickstarter hasn't failed to have "packages delivered at a reasonable time" Got mine a few days ago on Saturday and played it the next day. It is FANTASTIC, seriously. I love CAH but this blows it out of the water! Everyone loved it. PLEASE make more expansions.....really. @stephen You can have my tracking info. Can I get that nut, I'm making some art. It's sorta like a macaroni on cardboard style, but with testicles from men with ruined dreams of getting this game in a reasonable amount of time. I'd give my left nut for just a tracking email at this point lol Mine arrived today, looks really good and can't wait to play a game Hey guys! I got my two d*cks today but before I open them I wanted to know if it's signed on the inside or was forgotten. Fashion consultant pledge here and does say that two deck combo, signed. P. S. I know we've been having trouble finding a good time to chat but just let me know. No shipping info yet on mine $60 2 pack. Still waiting in AZ :/ Just got this today. Looks awesome. Got my tracking email last night for BC, Canada....should be here tomorrow I have no email/tracking number or game yet. In AZ, USA I just got mine today! Just received the game! It is super high quality and amazing! SO MUCH FUN! Thanks guys. I really hope I get mine today or tomorrow. I'm going to a party and it would be great to whip out my d*ck in front of everyone! But, alas, no confirmation email. I got the game yesterday in Canada AB!! This will be fun party game for coming holiday time:) I still not received mine in Hungary...(Anyone else from Hungary? who's delivering it?) Anyone know when the wooden box editons are expected to ship? U.K. suck me sideways, it's here :) Anyone got theirs in Canada yet? I have yet to get a shipping email or confirmation. Just got mine in Israel! Can't wait to have everyone over to play it! Got it in Texas.... Also played it. Hella hilarious! Thanks! Got my package in Sweden! And the order slip inside is somewhat funny... Booster pack $1.96, blast from the past $0.78, and main game $3.92, for a total of $6.66. LOL! Received thanks @Phil Lunt- good point! Forgot that, good call. Not so bad at all, and I also didn't add the last from the past cards in my 70p/card calculation. I'm so overjoyed I choose to not bother working out the real value and sit contentedly and quietly Got mine in the mail yesterday. Can't wait until my friends come over so I can whip out my d*ck and let them play with it. @Creator Also, it might be slightly too late to mention this to you but... there is a typo on the back of the Blast From The Past booster pack. It says "waguely" instead of "vaguely". Never mind, hey? From the UK. Received shipping Confirmation this morning, recieved the package this afternoon. Awesome! Got my shipping notification.. Expected delivery is Monday 10/17.. 2 x Joking Hazard - Kickstarter Red Edition, 2 x Kickstarter Booster Pack, 2 x Blast from the Past Booster @Stephen Bull: those weren't separate packs, they increased the sizes main deck and the kickstarter exclusive pack. If you look at the rewards graphic on the campaign page each of the crossed out numbers with a bigger number next to it was one of those goals being met. UK peeps commenting on the rate we paid for the game vs what it'll be RRPd at in shops - we had a better exchange rate back in March, my $53 pledge inc. postage was about £36 back then so... not quite as bad... I received mine today and looking forward to play the game. Sadly something many kickstarter campaign forget is that sending your games in envelopes isn't a great idea. Corners of game box is damaged. Email received at 0253, box arrived 1115, UK, boom! Mine arrived today, but didn't include the Grassland, Desertland, Waterland, Giantland, Diamondland or Boss packs. Are they shipping seperately? I thought they were going to included in the set. Mine just arrived :) FedEx won't assist, they refer me to USPS. USPS won't assist, they want to speak with the shipper. Blackbox hasn't even sent so much as an automated reply to my inquiry. I've commented publicly here, and messaged the creators directly here on Kickstarter. I just want my game. And when tracking says it was supposedly delivered two days ago, but the product is still MIA, that's a problem. The lack of any response from the creators or Blackbox isn't encouraging. Well I got my shipping confirmation email now, but unfortunately no way to track it. @Alex Bolton - same situation with me. Email overnight and arrived just now. I've been pondering about whether I should have waited for Amazon too. I'm happy to have the exclusive cards though and I'll have to convince myself they are worth the £23 (70p/ card) Got my blackbox delivery email in my spam folder this morning. Then it got delivered 4 hours later (UK). Cant wait to play it! Only thing is i wish i just waited for it to be available in the shops. Ended up paying $53 (£43.50) for a $25 (£20.50) game. Thats what target are selling for. Prob be on amazon soon for £25 with free delivery to UK. Got mine in Canberra, Australia I'm super excited that the game is almost here...but a little bit hurt. I just assumed that I won't see it until November but it's already selling at Target. Getting a bit impatient over here @Nathan Wong: Per update 31 the 'write your own cards' got split. 10 are in the main deck and the other 10 are in the kickstarter exclusive pack. Received my Shiny red box edition today, but only got 2 packs, its missing the create your own pack :( @Gareth - got email at 02:30 GMT, but no game yet I did not receive a confirmation but, got my box delivered today :) I'm in Australia Anyone in the UK still not got a confirmation email? Donated $45 and it's a bit disheartening to see everyone else getting there D*icks and I've not heard anything about mine. I got an e-mail yesterday morning saying it was on its way, and I received it yesterday too - double back of the red box bundle - Very happy! Have only opened up the extra decks (not the main box) so that I don't spoil it for the first time we play! :) I got my game yesterday and I played it all day long. I had so much fun. now I'm just trying to figure out what to do with the my fill in ur own cards. I made 3 so far "Go f*ck yourself"(happy face) "That makes me a sad panda" (I drew him like a pan and I used white out to turn his green shirt white) "I'm fine with this" (I drew fire around them) Any other ideas I got my email two days ago and im super duper excited which makes me ask Does anyone know how long might ot take for my d*ck to come in croatia (europe, balkan states) since i didnt get the tracking option Whoop! Email from Blackbox while I slept to say mine's on the way (UK backer) Backer #42344 here from Sydney, Australia. Bought the $60 tier. Got mine today WITHOUT an email from blackbox. Hope everyone gets theirs! @Stanley Chen: If you want card sleeves that fit the tightest what you need are called inner sleeves. (Some CCG players like to double sleeve their cards with a tight clear sleeve and then put that in a normal looser sleeve) Assuming this game uses standard size (poker and Magic: the Gathering sized cards) the size you want will be 64mm x 89mm. Two brands that make those are the KMC Perfect Size and the Ultra-Pro Pro-Fit. They will be really tight fits; a little hard to load the card in the sleeve, and can cause bowing depending on the quality of the card. I still have not received an email, I know they are working hard to process all of the Funding orders. I will wait till monday and then send an email to <email> if my email or package has not arrived. thanks for all the updates as the days go by. It's coming my way. Just got a email :) This game is f-ing awesome. I love all that it is about. Just got mine. Great stuff! Anybody know of a good card sleeve that's a tight fit? Prefer not to have really loose fitting sleeves so maybe I can still fit them into the box. My d*ck came today (tier $45, Brisbane, Australia). Huge thanks to Cyanide and Happiness (and anyone else involved) for creating a great game and shi**ing them out a month early. Got my package today, so happy Received my d*ck in the box today. Checked my pledge for estimated delivery. This is the first Kickstarter campaign that actually is ahead of schedule. Great job! @Marc Lobite: “ Good news for those of you wanting to customize your blank cards game-by-game: the factory got back to us and confirmed that the cards are dry-erase marker friendly. Mar 16 2016 on Joking Hazard D*ck in hand. One of two d*cks a little dinged. I'll give the good d*ck to my sister. Canberra AU by the way. Did the creators ever mention that we can erase things we write on the blank cards? Got it today in Nor. Cal I haven't received anything either. No email no nothing. Is there a way I can find out where mine is Just got mine, thanks. Question, what would be a good way to divide the 3 sets of cards? I haven't either Everyone panic! I have not yet received an email or my prize! That's really funny patrick well i check my mail box today 10/12/16 look nice but i think it came early but oh well Brisbane Australia, just got mine. Didn't receive any shipping email or any thy warning but happy that I got my game. Excited to play it Was super excited to see that my game came in today. Though equally disappointed to see the game stocked on the shelves at Target today. Could have just waited it seems. I just received my email. Let's see how long it takes to get to Belgium. Just got mine and love it. Idea for next kickstarter... pics for text messaging. Just recieved my email with shipping info! (Denmark) Got mine today. I LOVED IT SO MUCH. Thanks for the great project Received my copy today..it was worth the wait! Awsome..thanks Got mine today love the packaging. Top job guys Got mine today, looking forward to breaking it in at a party Friday. alright I've had the game for 15 minutes and it is now the jewel of my oddities and uncommon games, Pictionary + cards against. dying of laughter, carry on I see it at my local target, but I haven't gotten mine yet. Got mine today! Already opened it up and played a bit. We couldn't stop laughing! � My brother-in-law got his game today, but not mine. We live in the same house. Im laughing about it. Thought i would share that. Looks like people are getting their games already! Sadly i have not recieved the email yet.. hope to see mine shipped soon!!! Cannot wait to play it! Got mine last night, looks great so far, can't wait to play Got it! I gotta say, that is the best Kickstarter thank you letter I have ever received @Dan Teh Chad I would contact USPS, have your tracking number handy. They may be able to give you more information as to where the package was delivered. Good luck! Hope you find your D*ck safe and sound! Woot just came back from work to find my game had arrived. Can't wait to play. Got mine today. So excited to play it! I cant wait for mine to get here Friday!!! I am def one of the creepers that tracks it daily, lol. Got mine yesterday, i had a chance to play this and it was an instant hit with my friends. great job guys! Now i regret not adding the extra 10 for the booster pack! hmm I realized that the tracking number just an order number. sooo...great I just have the email but no tracking number.what a shiny discovery....... I just got my red box today, so excited to start playing it :D I was wondering why I got 1 red and 1 white box for my $60 package that I just got, but I guess I should have paid attention to the survey--dang. @Buggrit Sounds good, looks like they are starting to work on that tier. How does that mat look? Is it sexier in person? Got my package; love how they personalized the invoice with a comic under my name. Admire those dickheads. Just got my email from Blackbox. Pledged for the $60, but it looks like they might only be sending one red box, not two. No shipping confirmation and have not received it yet. How do I get help? Just got mine! Thanks! :D @Chris Akers, my double mat tier box arrived in England yesterday!! :-D was about to post that it had been received when I saw your comment and thought you might appreciate the update. Just received my copy. Thank you! @Chris Akers nope, nothing @Glenn Kurtzrock sure, but when stores get the game before the kickstarter backers who helped fundraise this game it leaves a really bad taste in my mouth. Next time I'll just wait for the game to come out instead of backing it. I received my red box, but it didn't contain any instructions, they were missing from the box. I know they are online, but I would really like an original copy. I haven't gotten any contacts from the message I sent through this page or through Facebook. I would really appreciate help here. has anyone at the double dat mat tier gotten their game or a shipping email yet at least? Got my email this morning, on its way, awesome! For those complaining, there are tens of thousands of these packages being shipped, you do realize they aren't shipping every single one simultaneously, right? They're still way ahead of schedule, just relax. Just received mine in USA. Love that new card smell :0 @Martijn Koning Did you get mail about it? if yes on which day? Still nothing from Blackbox either. But I am super happy stores in the US have gotten their stock. Still no confirmation email for shipping. When will i get mine? Still no confirmation mail while multiple people already have their game. Wtf? Just got mine in Romania! It was pretty fast, thank you :) Got mine yesterday ;] Did not expect it would arrive this fast in the Netherlands! Thanks guys will play it real soon I got mine yesterday in Edmonton, AB Canada! It looks FANTASTIC, and I love that backers get a special add-on! Thank you, guys! Can't wait to play it :D @Alexander Still not received my game,and I got the email last week,wondering whats wrong... Haven't received any notifications wondering wats wrong Whoops, answered my own question. Looking at the page on my desktop instead of cell phone showed a "Track Package" button I missed before. Silly me. Good news is delivery is scheduled for today! � Got mine Today � Australia �� Received a BlackBox notification on shipping, however the order does not look correct...? Pledged 60$ to receive two decks, yet my order only says one red deck is coming ?? Who can I contact to troubleshoot this? Thanks!! I just received a shipping notification from BlackBox but it doesn't have a tracking number associated. It just says Standard Shipping. Is that normal or should there be an actual tracking number? Shipping to Canada if that makes a difference. Still nothing for me,I would be happy to know how the hell I can track the pack..... Today I received my copies of Joking Hazard in Melbourne, Australia. @Corey Squire Unfortunately no. The FedEx tracking shows when it was handed off to USPS prior, and continued tracking even after. USPS tracking system shows when FedEx gave it to them, and says they delivered to me... But nothing has arrived here. :/ Have any international backers received tracking confirmation yet? I'm number 3600ish and still not seen anything :( @Philip Zimmermann I suspected from the beginning we paid for the US backers their shipping. They said it had to do with customs, I guess that's a possibility. As long as I don't have to pay an extra customs charge, I guess I will be ok with it (although I still think it is too expensive for shipping and I am not sure I am going to pay that next time). Got my shiny red box in the mail in RI USA Also, no Tracking # was included in the email. OK WTF I just read the FAQ on the Blackbox site. It reads: "As a rule of thumb, it costs about $5 plus 5% retail price to ship one item that weighs one pound with Blackbox. That price is comprehensive and includes customer service, the Blackbox buy button, the real-time dashboard, and all of the other stuff we offer." Why the fuck did i pay 32 USD??? I think non US Backers got screwed here. Soooo shiny! � $45 pledge received my game today central tx Received, amazing. thanks. Got the shipping email yesterday. 45$ Tier. European Backer. (Meanwhile Im still waiting for that secret hitler deck. Blackbox wtf) Got it today, looking forward to this Got mine today, VA, US Received tracking info this evening (MO, USA). $100 "Double 'Dat Mat" tier I never got shipping confirmation, but mine turned up today (Sydney, Australia). @Dan Teh Chad: Since it seems that they are using SmartPost, that may be when FedEx handed the package over to the post office for delivery. In which case you will probably see it tomorrow or the next day. Question to those saying they got one red box and one white box at the 60 dollar tier. Did you request two red boxes on the survey? Because if you did not, the default choice was one red and one white. If you did not change that option in the survey, of which they repeatedly mentioned and also told us to read the survey carefully, then that is on you not them. BUT if you check your survey and it says red and red I'd love to know :) Just got mine today in Australia. Though I never received any shipping notification prior from Blackbox. I got mine today!!! Love it! Opened it in front of my kids and immediately had to explain some new words because it was bottom-up in the box. LoL!!! Can't wait to play! I'm glad/disappointed to see that I'm not the only one who has not heard anything. One of my coworkers bought the game at Target already and loves it. I'm looking forward to getting my copies. Another backer that expected 2 kickstarter editions from the $60 tier and only got 1 red box and 1 normal... this isn't how I (and the other person that split it with me) understood we'd be receiving this... @creators thanks for the brief updates. It helps lessen some of the frustration to know that there is no method to @blackbox's madness. Backer ~1000 here; East coast and no email yet. I recommend the game to a friend after I ordered and they got it a few days ago :( @C&H Awesome of you guys to keep up updated @C&H - Thanks for the updates about Target and Blackbox. I will keep an eye out for an email before Monday. According to FedEx, my package was delivered to me this morning. No package has been delivered to me. Help? Hello, I received my order today. I was at the $60 tier but I received one red box and one white box instead of two red boxes. Is there some way that this can be resolved? Also I have one card with the wording that's off a bit, just wondering if it's supposed to be like that? It's the card that says World War 3 has started and the words below are off card I never got an email saying it was shipped out, but I just got my items today. @Cyanide And Happiness I have emailed your shipping place about how "I received my packaged today but it only came with “joking hazard”. The kickstarter Booster Pack and Blast from the Past booster pack are missing. The paper inside says these should be one of each with the order but they are not. Can you please send me my missing items?" I have gotten zero response back. I am getting worried, it shouldn't take over 3 days to hear something back Just got mine 2 hours ago, 2 d*cks tier from Mexico. everything looks fantastic Mine arrived at my door by noon in Ontario @Shane Bickel Well you say it now,but if your pack is going to be lost you gonna say something about the possiblity of being able to track that damn pack.... @Cyanide And Happiness Thank you very much for the info. It still is a bit weird that backers which backed very early are sent out long after some people backing at the end of the campaign, but not much you guys can do about that and if I get my d*ck in the end, everything is fine with me. I will keep an eye on my mailbox and let them know when I don't have gotten an email on Ocotober 17th. @Shane You are stating it as a fact. In my case tracking is important, if I dont know exactly what hour the shipping company arrives I have to sit the whole day in the livingroom waiting for them to knock. (Using the doorbell is to hard for most delivery companies). If im not there they will send it back without trying it a second time. You can imagine how frustrating it is if things like this happen. This is why tracking is important for me. Received mine this past weekend. Really impressed by the packaging and quality of the cards. I had to chance to play it with a couple friends and it is hilarious! We made it through the entire box, with a few drinks of course! I really look forward to more expansion sets in the future! Holy F***ing S**t!! I Got my Shiny Red Box Edition today and the corner is dented like a M***erF***er! Who do I contact for a replacement box only? I received game in Tennessee, looks awesome. I can't wait to play it with my friends. When will the rest of us get ours please? I backed this as soon as I heard, yet I have seen posts of facebook of people already playing this. Tracking is not that important. I would rather C&H and black box focus on distribution rather than worry. About sending 64000 emails in sequence. My bet is some people will receive theirs before they get their confirmation email. Don't panic! Bring a towel. @Cyanide And Happiness Guys we still don't know how the hell track the pack?!?!?!?!?! Received mine today and I have to say I am pretty impressed at the quality and the content. I was cracking up looking through cards. Cyanide and Happiness never disappoints. Thanks for the kick ass kickstarter campaign and product. Oh and I really loved the personalized thank you comic on the invoice, it was a nice touch. Everyone be patient these guys are the real deal and it will come. Got mine last night! This is the first Kickstarter I've backed that has actually arrived on time. Props to you! Boom. That's some damn fine service! Seriously, the majority of people here complaining are unfounded. @Jason Ulrich I got 20 "write your own" cards in total. 10 were in the main deck and 10 in the KS-exclusive pack. I thought they'd have a separate 20 card pack with the KS pack containing an additional 10, for a total of 30. Arrived yesterday in Sydney, Australia Arrived today in Ontario, Canada @Lee did you get an email beforehand? Still no email yet. Backed 2 red boxes, backer number around 9000. Got mine yesterday in SoCal. For those that haven't gotten it yet: <url>"20pk add-your-own-words" packs are included with other KS-booster, even though they aren't listing on order list. @Piet Rommel That burns as I was backer 3000 something and haven't got an email yet (and I am from Belgium as well). I am glad to know the packages are arriving in Belgium, but it is quite frustrating to not understand the way they decide on what packages to send next. @Pieter Rommel Same for be for the email,but nothing yet(Hungary) From comments below the USA packages seem to be shipping Fedex Smartpost which then hands packages off to the USPS. This method is cheap but does take longer as it has to process in both Fedex hub and then transfer to USPS sort facilities. Its just a cheap way Fedex can get around actually delivering house to house. It makes sense that C&H would ship out the international locations first as they would have the longest transit time, but it seems like they're pulling addresses out of a hat and shipping. More research on distribution companies could have yielded fewer headaches. Got my email this morning (Denmark). Got it (Belgium) backing nr 38,166 got the e-mail 7 october Anyone knows how to track the pack?? (no link for tracking in the mail just the tracking number) Holy shit, I saw a panhandler trading these for a cig of Harry Hines and Northwest Hwy in Dallas. Da frick? No email yet and Game night is this Saturday....... Please don't make me go to target to buy this. @Gabrijel patarčić Would be nice to find out how we can track the pack,I'm from Hungary and I also don't know it... $60 pledge, with shipping to US. STILL NO EMAIL :/ Well im a backer from croatia (i think im the only fucking one) And i got an email today that its been shipped but nothing regarding tracking the shippment We dont have target here so ill possibly be one of few owners of joking hazard in croatia Hi Mark, I'm melbourne based and haven't heard anything yet backer 50,000~ish. Btw, the whole Target thing doesn't bother me as hard either as we don't have it here either. I also don't think it is C&H's fault. You just can't trust a large company like Target. They don't care about the customers or the people selling stuff to them. If they think it will sell well, they just put stuff on the shelves. @Karen Avison @sam I haven't got nothing either (Belgium), but the shipping will probably still takes days before it is completely done, so don't give up hope. That said, I would like to understand how they choose which people get it first. Any system would be fine, but I think they draw it out of a magic hat or something. @Karen I haven't heard of anyone from the UK getting theirs yet. I'm UK also and haven't had an email. Don't worry I'm sure it will come. At least we don't have Target here so we will be getting it first. Also for Aussies did you get emails and what company delivered? =D Hey just checking if Joking Hazard knows if my pledge is on its way #63,675 - Australia, Canberra - no email yet. Yay ! Got my mail today that it's shipping ! Belgium, #59600 I was at my local McDonalds today and was shocked to see that they were giving away this game with Happy Meals. I was so offended I had to go home and complain on the internet. Just got mine in Melbourne, Australia. Thanks guys. I havent recived mine yet or even a email to say it's on the way, starting to worry it's lost in the post. Any one else in the u.k got thiers yet? Yup, Target put it on the shelves 3 days ago >:( I don't have mine yet either, but not the end of the world. Target already has it and I haven't gotten mine... The fuck!! Backer 56289 has not received any emails yet. Looking forward to the game. Just got mine today and I'm in Australia. I never received a shipping email or tracking number so don't be worried guys if you haven't either. You'll get them. Pretty excited for my games night this weekend :) I've been looking through my blast of the past pack and I've notice some of the cards the words or picture seem to go off the the card like theres one that says "according to the reliable s...(cut off) a third world war has.....(cut off)" then it looks like there might be words at the bottom but i cant see it either. not sure if thats supposed to be like that but i just wanna check US Backer 3385 and received my $35 pledge in Michigan today. However, one of the three main decks in the box does not have the linen finish on any of the cards. Can I take it to Target for a replacement?? Mine has arrived!! Fu(& Yeah!! I got a email saying that my pledge was shipped, but it isn't a tracking email containing a tracking number. Is this normal? Backer 6076. No tracking/shipping info so far. (Saw it at a local Target on Friday, too.) Got the game this afternoon, held an impromptu game night. Total blast, can't wait for even more expansions! backer # 966. $100 Double 'Dat Mat! central US. and no tracking or nothing. Missouri backer 17759, havent gotten it or even a shipping confirmation email yet. I filled out the shipping information the day i got the email. yet my friend who backed and filled out after me, has already gotten it. =( Backer 10,084, nothing. Buddy at work got his last week, and he backed after me, we're both in California if that makes a difference. He's not white, I'm white, so it's probably being done by reverse racism. Canada. Backer 46243 or some such. Nadda. I got my Shipping email last Friday(the 7th) saying delivery on Monday I was really excited all day. Got home, no such luck. I checked the tracking and discovered its scheduled to be delivered NEXT Monday (the 17th) I am in Iowa and it shipped from New Jersey, I run a shirt shop and order blanks from new jersey all the time and its a 4 day ship via ground, any day of the week. 10 days.... was it sent via Bike Messenger? Mine is in my city but it didn't deliver today. Columbus Day is so stupid! @Cyanide And Happiness Where or how can I track my pack to EU? @Todd Mine started with Fedex then went through my local USPS. I got a tracking email early last week and my game came last Friday! Everything was in my box as well. Yup nothing here either. for anyone who has received their in the USA - what shipper (FedEx, USPS, UPS...) are they using? Thanks! @john I dont think so, Im backer 3008 and havent heard a thing yet. I did not get an email or tracking this shipped either but here it is. I pledged on Feb 28th and received my $35.00 kickstarter today. Even though I did confirm my address, the shipping company changed the deliver name to my dad which doesn't make any sense. I am missing the "Blast from the Past" booster pack. :| Yeah still haven't gotten so much as an email yet. � Did anyone else receive duplicate decks? 2 of the 3 decks that come in the packaging are identical Is it possible that they are sending out all the games/emails by backer number? So the people who backed earliest will be getting their games first (on average)? To those who informed me where those missing cards were, thank you. I had gotten home from work, opened everything and passed out (yay overnight shifts). It wasn't until I jumped on this morning I noticed that there were supposed to be 20 WYO cards. After reading the comments I counted everything and found the missing cards which will probably never get used anyway. Just like the blank cards I have from Cards Against Humanity, Crabs Adjust Humidity, and FUBAR. @Roscoe David Evans I took all the copies of the game and hid them in the drawers of the pre-built furniture. Then I set the furniture on fire. @Roscoe :O I see you in court @Stefan How dare you say that about Americans! I'll sue your Ass! XD @Roscoe David Evans I don't think they will care in the slightest. Though I don't want to affect sales revenue and ruin a good thing that they might have with Target. I won't get involved. Should have my d*ck in the mail today. Should I be calling my local Targets and telling them to take the game off of the shelf? Has anyone else done this? I got my shipping email last friday, I'm on the 2 d*cks tier and from Mexico I assume Cyanide and Happiness can make some money with a lawsuit (as European citizen that is our stereotypical view about the US: lawsuits, lawsuits, lawsuits). Let's hope they give us an update tomorrow. @Michael That is very true but in the end people will remember the experience with the product and the company producing the product, not the shippers, I will be wary in the future about any dealings with BlackBox but this has also left a bad taste given "poor communication" was the reason stated for the target issue and with no real information from the developers on all the questions and issues being raised in the comments section I saw it at Target too, before I've gotten my copy. Bummer. Saw at Target yesterday for $25.... first time supporting he Kickstarter was the fast track how does on check which backer # they are? Do we know that everyone that received the game also received a tracking email? I'm wondering if there are people who just got it and didn't get any tracking at all. It's clear the strategy they used in sending these out is via anal extraction. Saw the game at Target over the weekend and had to talk my wife out of buying it because I funded this as a surprise birthday gift. now I am wondering if it will even be here in time for her birthday in less than a month. Grrrrrrrrr! @creators, come on guys, you need to give everyone some kind of update explaining what is happening. We helped make this a possibility and I think you owe it to the backers to communicate a little better. Jesse Kopelman In response to your question about the 20 write your own cards: I believe 10 are in the package and the other 10 are in the game with the 350 cards. I opened everything up so my memory is a little fuzzy but I do believe within the game itself, in one of the three wrapped packages there's another 10 write your own cards. Hope this helps. US no shipping Email @Stefan Janssen Don't think so. I'm in Hungary and I got my email last wednesday/thursday. As far as I can read here, there is no pattern that I can see in how they are sent out. It is not done per tier, it is not done per country, it is not done by backer number. It is possible that it's done by state/city, but that seems quite strange to me (and if so, I will probably have to wait until one of the last as I would be surprised if a lot of people have backed this from Belgium in the first place). I am not worried yet as there is plenty of time, but maybe they should post an update about the shipping process (and an official post about the Target thing as not everybody will see the comments). I`m in the UK, no email. I'm in canada. No email. United States 43,817 backers Canada 5,598 backers United Kingdom 4,667 backers Australia 4,060 backers Germany 555 backers New Zealand 404 backers France 320 backers Sweden 313 backers Denmark 263 backers Singapore 216 backers Could it be they are working according this list? I see some people from australia already having their package. If that's the case that would mean the US, UK and Canada already have their packages or at least their shipping details. Can somebody from the US, UK or Canada confirm/deny about this? @dan 3008 here (if I remember correctly) and also no news. I'm backer 3218 and still no notifications so most definitely not being done in order @Stefan Janssen good point. I did back it late on, so would make sense. @mark rushton That probably means that there were more backers, but they backed out during the kickstarter and backers who couldnt get there payments done in time. Just noticed some how I am backer 64,309 out of 63,758 total. Hopefully it means I am still getting mine lol. $45 tier, backer 34,950, no email $35 backer in London, UK. i'm 15,584th backer and no email yet. Backer 19,887 still no email about mine being sent :/ yet backers that backed it after me have gotten their emails :( and yeah I checked my spam folder But they definitely aren't going to do a secret hitler and run out of packages because they gave them to Target...right? @creators, I don't wanna be the whinging person, I really don't, but PLEASE give us some sort of update regarding shipping. How long should it take for people to get their confirmation, how long should we wait before contacting you, etc etc. Otherwise people will no doubt be spamming you daily asking where their rewards are. C'Mon, give us a clue, please? Has anyone from the $45 tier received their email yet? Backer 10168. Still waiting for email in Arizona. I got my email yesterday. I am backer 62,826 at the $35 tier. There is seriously no order to how things are shipping. As a random side note it will take my d*ck 7 days to travel under 500 miles so I think it is being shipped by pony express. @jesse the other ten are in the main box 45$ backer 32,000~ and still no email. hopefully i get mine soon though! Where's my D*ck?!? I'm also looking for my card game , where's that , too??!! @Creator, I am confused about one thing. Per the rewards (at $45), there should be 350 cards, Blast from the Past (50 cards), 20 Exclusive Bonus Cards, and 20 Write Your Own Cards. When I received my d*ck, I had (supposedly) 350 cards (too lazy to count), Blast From the Past, and Kickstarter Thank you Pack with 20 cards and 10 Write Your Own Cards. Should there be another 10 Write your own Cards somewhere? A couple things. From what I understand is they are shipping by tier, based on backers; so the $25 pledges and $60+ pledges should be sent (based on the fact that $45 pledges are being received, but not $35 pledges). I could be wrong on this though. Regarding the game at Target: Cyanide And Happiness Creator 3 days ago (reposting this comment re: Target) Here's what's going on with Target: We agreed a few months ago to let Target sell our game, but ONLY after the Kickstarter shipping was completed. However, there was a major communication breakdown and, without our knowledge, Target was not given the correct launch date for the game. We learned about this at the same time you guys did. This is unfair to our backers and we're really upset by this. We've already been on the phone with our contacts at Target and, as of now, there are no more Target shipments moving in, and they're actively working to pause all distribution of the game to stores. This is not okay at all, we're sorry that it's happening, and we're doing everything we can to stop it. In the meantime, BlackBox is racing to get all your rewards sent out to you, including all those special add-on packs, game mats, and shiny boxes that lowly Target customers will never get to enjoy. I'm a backer from Europe, no parcel yet So far i havent read anyone from europe saying they got theirs. Btw im in croatia and cant wait to get my fancy red d*ck Havent got a shipping confirmation yet Got mine today too. Sydney, Austraia @Dave Bush, I can't speak for anyone else but I definitely will trust them again. It's blackbox.cool people that shouldn't be trusted if anyone at this point. They are the ones with the shoddy record and who are (sadly) handling everything on the shipping side of things. Just received the package here in Sydney..... It seems pretty clear that they aren't going by pledge level as there are 60$ backers getting the sets before 35$ tier. This whole thing has been a pretty big botch and it looks like they will have a hard time garnering trust if they attempt a kickstarter project again in the future 35 dollar backer. But pissed to see Target in stock for $25. So Kickstarter backers payed $25 and get the game later. Where's the Kickstarter incentive? @Stephen, they posted that explanation and apology when news hit that Target. Sounds like the shipping company either pulled some underhanded/backdoor shit with Target or is just straight up incompetent to let however many THOUSANDS of copies ship before backers. Seriously, to let an order that big go out with struct instructions to wait until the backers got theirs is just maddening. One important lesson I'm learning with KS campaigns is to never trust the vendor/shipping company relationship. We got the shaft pretty hard with Ghostbusters: The Board Game. Any news on shipping? I haven't received an email yet. Also, while I don't mean to sound rude, I believe your backers deserve an apology and an explanation for why Target has a supply and our orders have not been fulfilled yet. Anyone at the $75 level get their e-mail yet? I'm frustrated that there's no rhyme or reason to how these are shipped out. You would think it's easier to ship them by proximity. @matthilferty Not sure what you are meaning - should we not get ours until everyone else has them? AUSTRALIA?! Are you kidding?! Order (1 box pkus kickstarter cards) arrived in Sydney, Australia :) So that was awkward. I was gifted a d*ck for my birthday by one of the few people I know in Atlanta, so of course I couldn't return it to Target because I couldn't bring myself to tell him I backed the Kickstarter. @Chryssta That doesn't seem how it works. It looks like a crapshoot to be honest. I would imagine them doing it either by place they need to ship it to or by backernumber, but that doesn't seem to be the case either. I don't think they are shipping it in any logical way (which is fine, as long everybody gets the stuff they ordered). I am a $35 backer as well and did not receive any email. Like Tim says, there are people who received their $60 sets already. I forsee a lot of problems with the whole shipping thing seeing their previous endevours, but you never know. I am not worried yet as there are a lot of packages to go through, but there are already complaints about people getting wrong shipments, so I wouldn't be surprised if this is going to be a clusterfuck. Btw, it is possible to send out a lot of packages on time. Exploding Kittens did it and they had almost 220 000 backers. I was surprised on how well they did their shipping (I never imagined it would have been in time and it was). @ScottC1s same thing for me. Sent an email yesterday but haven't heard anything back yet. Awesome game love the cards great work guys! got the game but the booster pack and blast from the past are missing :( I sent an email to the company. Super sad, hope they make this right @chryssta incorrect. There are people on here that have gotten their 2 d*ck combos and other that have gotten their game mats too. I'm in the 2 deck tier and haven't gotten any communication. So they can't be going by pledge level @cyanide and happiness Maybe good to make a new update about the thing with target, and information about why some backers haven't received a shipping confirmation? (including me) The information supply was spot on untill last update about the shipping, looking through all the comments here to look for information is not a fun job to do... @patrick woodburn: Don't think so, a lot of people haven't heard anything yet. Someone got the shipping details the day after the package arrived (if I remember correctly) so i see people are starting to get their sets but i have not even gotten a shipping confirmation should i be concerned? I got mine yesterday thanks cyanide and happiness I got mine yesterday thanks cyanide and happiness Y'all don't seem to realize they're going by pledge amounts... They start with the lowest amounts are are working their way up. They said as much (either in a comment or an update). Just be patient and don't shop at target til you get your box. Its not rocket surgery people. As for Blackbox... For my own package, they still used fed-ex (fail-ex if you've been screwed by them before), and then fed-ex used usps to deliver it. So be patient. The hand over between companies takes awhile. Also, I'm in the $35 tier. So I can buy this at Target, but haven't gotten a word about mine shipping. Not pleased. @Jonathan Vann I am from MA and got my notification last week and my game should be arriving on the 12th. How do we contact you if we never got a shipping confirmation? I haven't gotten anything, no email or parcels and all my stuff is updated, should I be concerned? California. A little update on the shipping would be really nice, tell us how far you are into it etc. for my side i'm moving soon in november and i kind of fear to not be able to get the parcel Can you guys push blackbox to send us the trackinginfo on time? Ive got no clue when it will arrive so I can't take steps to make sure somebody is here to accept the parcel. @Jonathan Vann I am just north in Maine and haven't seen a email or anything for shipping. Thinking of just going to Target (save $ the game) and sell my red boxes on eBay when they come in Just saw Joking Hazard at my local Target. So tempting.... Mine was stated to arrive on the 11th. Apparently it arrived yesterday, and was sitting outside all day and night. @Bertram Demus I got my mail on Wednesday. But my d*ck not arrived yet. (Hungary) @Bayley And looking at the tracking info, it was mailed a month ago. So there might not be too much time between the confirmation email and the delivery for some of us... @Bayley In Sydney @whiney people: the estimated delivery time was November. It comes after October (this month) we should be pleased that we're going to get it early. Instead we act like greedy d*cks. As for the Target thing. Yeah it sucks. They apologised for it and there's nothing we can do about it. At least we are going to get the cards that aren't in Target. If you are really that impatient go and buy a Target-d*ck or print the pdf version. CALM YOUR TITS PEOPLE! #triggered I got my d*ck thank you guys so much it looks amazing Which part of Australia From Australia and got my email yesterday - and the parcel is already at the local mail sorting centre! I didn't even get an update that they were starting the shipping. Email is still up to date and everything. I see they are now using Blackbox as the fulfillment group which is half-awesome; but they dropped the ball with "Secret Hitler" fulfillment and didn't send me a shipping email until 2 weeks after I got my copy. Hopefully I will get an email with shipping info soon. From Washington, got it today, love it! @ Bertram Not that I know of. I was quite an early backer (somewhere in the 3000 range) and I haven't got an email anyway. Any europeans got their d*cks yet? I just received my $45 red box edition today. Thanks guys! I was backer #~14,000. (Central USA) Anyone around the Massachusetts area get an email or anything? I haven't received an email from Blackbox. Shane, I'm from australia aswell and I haven't received an email I email yet. Has anyone in Australia received theirs yet? @Michael: The easiest way to find it is to go directly to the creator's comments here: <url>"oops". And it had no real information etc to offer us. It told us what we already knew. Target got a bunch to sell while we backers don't even have shipping info yet. And one of the more grating parts of the "response" we got was when they referred to the extras we are getting versus the "lowly target shoppers". Well guess what, at least the Target shoppers got their games. So I think they are doing better than a lot of us who backed the game. Spent lots of money far in advance on a lot of promises. Yeah, that turned out well. As I see the only response we are likely to get on this matter was the BS they posted about Target shipments, I'm done posting here about it. They got all our money from us and given how things have gone, the money seems to be what was most important to them in all this. I'm a backer in the 32,000 and im still waiting on my email with my tracking information. Can't wait for the game though, looks really fun! I went to my Target today, and the space where Joking Hazard should be was empty. I'm assuming they pulled them back. Just FYI. Welp.. I guess waiting is fun... I love the personalized note y'all include! And the cards are great, thank you! Received! Looks great! Arrived safe and sound in Ohio. @George: they already told us. The decks at Target doesn't contain any extras at all. It's just the base game. Have they announced their future plans for more content? Just got me email. I'll be getting my game NEXT SATURDAY?!?!?! 0_0 Thanks CH. Just got mine. Love the included order summary ;) Still waiting on my email. Ugh. Hopes I get it and it ships sooner rather than later. Got mine. Donated $47 to get the $45 pack! Shipping for me, from the time I got my email was about 3 days (US FedEx). Box came with instructions, 3 wrapped decks, and both of the booster packs. Very satisfied. I received mine and was wondering if there were supposed to be instructions with it. The Campaign page said there were some play variations and that "The official game rules will include some of those" which seems to indicate I should have had instructions in my box somewhere, but I didn't. What gives? Still waiting on the confirmation email, but that being said, for those of you who got the email, how long did it take to ship, between receiveing email and package? @Alexander You should have 10 "add your own words" cards in the base deck, and 10 in the Kickstarter exclusive pack. It doesn't come in a separate pack. Also, I just realized that I am missing the 20 card "Add your own words" pack as well. I pledged for the $35 and received the package. However, I received 2 identical decks out of the 3. For instance, the card on top of both decks is labeled with a character saying "What do I get out of it?". Going through both decks, the cards are completely identical. @Matt Ritzinger That's not good,hope it will be sorted out fast. I hope non us backers don't have to face this problem Received mine today but it's missing cards! I pledged $35 and only received the base game. Sending C&H a message.... :( I saw it in the Target in Rockwall, Tx and was like wtf. Can C&H tell us if the Target boxes contain the extras we were promised from the stretch goals? I will feel better about this if ours are at least unique with the extra cards. That awkward moment when you realize you're backer 65 329 out of 63 758 backers @Tim Getting one red and one black was discussed earlier. If you pledged at the two box level you had the choice in your survey to pick two red boxes or one red and one black. Check your survey, you may very well find you chose the latter option. @Everyone complaining about Target: We are getting a bit shafted. Target has the game for $25 meaning they bought it for less, as like all places, they had to add their mark up. This means that those buying it at Target are getting the better deal for base game or that C&H decided to mark up their KS backer orders. Got my shipping confirmation email a few hours ago (4 am Saturday morning my time) and the order had been sent on Thursday. Black box appears to be really slow at informing people. @Creator: On another note I ordered the $60 tier and was expecting 2 red boxes. Turns out that's not the case. Quote from BB email: Here’s what we’re sending you: 2 × Kickstarter Booster Pack: $0.00 ea. 1 × Joking Hazard - Kickstarter Red Edition: $0.00 ea. 2 × Blast from the Past Booster: $0.00 ea. 1 × Joking Hazard: $0.00 ea. I'm pretty disappointed that this clarification, only 1 red box and 1 standard box, was not made in the pledge tier description. To be honest I feel cheated. @Rob McMullen Those rewards were never described as "free". The tier that contains the white box + blast from the past booster pack costs $35. Two of these would cost $70, which means you are saving 10 dollars if you paid for the $60 tier ($30 if you get the red boxes instead of the white boxes). Nobody was screwed by backing the $60 reward, and all rewards are very clear about what they contain. @David Roy Jr Agreed. It looks like the 2 Box folks did get screwed over. The "free" rewards are actually costing us backers $5. The only exclusives to backers are a few extra cards, red box & the privilege of getting the game after rest of the target shoppers. I thought this was one of the better run campaigns I've backed up until a couple days ago when it all fell apart. I'm extremely disappointed that my fellow backers are getting screwed on price & availability of the game. Not to mention all we get is a quick reply about it rather than a full blown update explaining the issue. Sad all around. @Creator So here's an idea... create another 20 card Kickstarter Exclusive Card Pack... ship it to all backers for free... perhaps poke fun at the slip up with Target. That would certainly make up for the mistake, but also make it funny and we backers would have something to remember it by @Stephanie: I just got my shipping confirmation email about 5 minutes ago. I decided to browse target and I saw them on the shelves before I received my copy, I'm disappointed 2 red boxes here, still awaiting for shipping confirmation Has anyone else not received shipping confirmation? I see some people have already received their packages but I have not received shipping confirmation yet. @Daniel if you chose to get two white boxes you did indeed get screwed on the $60 2-box pledge. But it you ended up adding at least one red box to the pledge it did equal out to a savings. Since the red box pledge by itself was $45 and that edition won't even be sold in stores. That's cuz you are getting the limited edition red box and all the bonus content. If you just got the standard package it was the same price I just noticed something else. I got the two d*ck pledge. It cost 60, so 30 x 2. The game is at the store for $25... Guess those rewards we got weren't free. @jon it is a really big F you the die hard fans. I highly doubt they could have funded so wide spread without us. It shows where their loyalty is when it's more important to get on the shelves to start racking in more dough. I wouldn't be surprised if we aren't getting ours because there are backordered since they sent thousands upon thousands to Target stores. I was extremely excited, even more excited to the fact that I was suppose to get it before general public. Well that was BS. I got my red box in! Thanks a bunch! Also, don't think we didn't notice Blue Shirt being replaced by Light-Blue shirt. With all the savings you made on ink, I hope you guys can afford another yacht. I bought 2 with the hope of giving one to a friend as a wedding gift. At backer 41,000-something I've been concerned that it wouldn't arrive in time for her wedding but now I'm even more concerned that she'll find the game at Target before the wedding and spoil the fun/surprise. :( Ya what's up with that random 69 paper I got mine!! You guys are awesome!!! Same boat as a lot of other people. Pretty disappointed to see it on the shelves at target before I've even gotten an email about mine shipping. Just got my copy! <url>#2089. @Daniel Be glad you have gotten an email. That said, I knew it would take multiple weeks for the to ship everything as it is a huge amount of packages. That said, it seems they randomly choose which packages to send first or something as I am backer 3602 out of 63758. But I guess I will get my email somewhere in the next few weeks. Is there some sort of order they are shipping them in? Ps. Super disappointed when I saw it at target yesterday. My wife and I have waiting anxiously awaiting this game we backed for 100$ which we could pick it up for 25$(granted a few less cards and game mat). The worst part is I have no freaking clue when I will get it no less when I will get the email. My mail doesn't include a tracking link either. I think at least international backers should be able to track the package to the border. And/or be given the tracking number for the courier taking care of the overseas delivery. Even USPS can do that, and that says a lot. LOL @Travis Radke People are getting the 20 blank cards.. 10 are in the box & 10 are in the expansion pack Just to further confirm it, I'm staring at Joking Hazard here at Target. Just picked up my copy at Target. Will keep my red box sealed. @jon Makes sense. but the question is now,how the hell I'm supposed to follow my pack then? :D it's not specificly to you,just generally a question in the air. Sorry everyone for commenting too much: @Peter reading through your prior comments you are an international backer while I am domestic. If you do not have that link in the email from blackbox, that is probably why. *Waiting impatiently for my e-mail* *page on blackbox.cool. *back specific info Sorry. @Peter if you received the email I did, there is a link that says "track your order here" in blue. It takes you to a link on blackbox.cool (wow .cool really?). I don't know if backer specific is in the link so I'm not posting it. @Shafer wow..um... this project seems to be one of the best I've ever seen. It was excited to participate in, seems to be ahead of schedule on shipping, and is delivering exclusive content to backers. The only really issue is that the never really needed our backing to begin with (compared to pure amateurs on here). Compared to how kickstarter usually operated or, frankly, how I think it should operate, this project has gone exceptionally well. Man, this is the second project I've ever backed and I'm highly disappointed in this... Blackbox's box counter is bogus. (no shit sherlock!... :p ) <url>"in transit" for me). How long does standard shi**ing take? Guys,how can I track my package with the number? which site I should go? I don't see anything for tracking on the site of blackbox. Just saw it at target and was like how is it here and mine has not arrived My d*ck is shi**ing! My d*ck is shi**ing! It's in New Jersey heading for Wisconsin. I was a $35 backer. Got my email during the evening. So I guess it'll be here soon hopefully. Good old Blackbox, up to their usual level of competence. @Travis the blanks were added to the Thank you booster (10), as well as in the box (10). Why Are Some People Not Getting the 20 blank cards, I hope I get mine I just wish my one would get shipped... Unless it has been and I've not had an email. Seems abit odd that lots seem to have got it already and from looks of it they have been going out from 30/9. Any idea when dispatch will be finished? I'm not bothered by the Target sale either. I mean I honestly don't care what others think about the situation either and don't care about how they feel about it but I don't think they should continue losing money while shipping to backers when they clearly printed enough to both ship to backers and sell in retail at the same time. I must be the only one not upset by Target having it before I get it in the mail... So people can buy the game in stores right now and the majority of us didnt even get a tracking nr? Thats really shitty. I mean sure you already got our money. why bother to keep us satisfied. Still no shipping info, and I just saw the shelf at Target stocked with them. Makes me sad Panda. Luckily, Target doesn't have the Red Box and won't have all the stretch goals we're supposed to receive. Confirmed that I filled out the survey, just waiting for an email. How is everyone enjoying their d*cks? Just got my shipping email and hope I can get it next week sometime. If target still has some on the shelf I may go pick up a copy tomorrow as I may not open my red box coming in and just keep it sealed if I can get a regular copy. So are the people who are getting their game shipped just getting the d*ck? I have not gotten shipping info but i also got the 2 mat and 2 game. just wondering what people are getting I'm hearing that this is available at Target now.. I haven't even gotten a tracking number yet for mine. Which means that someone off the street can walk in store and buy the game before I (a backer) even know when my copy is supposed to come. That's a bit crappy. I was sad to see joking hazard at Target today before I received my order. I mean I understand you have to make money and that these would be in stores but come on man! @Jose I think american backers have higher priority. Smh... Just got mine today! One month early? Hell yea I'll take it! You guys are the best. Great quality, quality, and fun. Thank you guys so much! @Javier take a look at the june 16th update in regards to the write your own cards Love the look of everything. Got my package today. Only one sad small fact. Which I'm hoping will be a possibility fix in the future. I'm not able to fit all the cards in the box when sleeved. Ultimate Sad Face. I'm about 86 cards short of a full box inventory. Hopefully with expansion this will be remedied. I see all these comments and i still haven't received my email with the tracking number :( Is the kick starter pack different from the 20-card add your own cards seperate I did not get those of they are seperate @justin it says so in the August 15th update Omg just got mine in the mail I have game night tomorrow so excited to try it out @Carmen they split the write your own cards up into two sets of ten, one set of ten went into the base game for everybody and the other set of tenwent into the kickstarter only pack Hey there... Australian backer here, was wondering if orders been shipped to Australia yet? As I haven't received an email confirming shipment or tracking number. My copy of the game came all banged up. One whole side of the box looks like it was stomped down on. Sent you guys a tweet with pictures. I haven't received an email yet, I don't even know if mine was sent. I'm glad others are finally getting their game but I'm still wondering where mine is. At this point it would be nice to get an email saying that I have one coming. I also agree with @Rob and @Kenneth, as a backer we should have gotten our first. The fact that someone can go and get it from a store and start playing before I even have mine shipped is, as @Rob put it, a kick to the nuts. got mine today! <url>"Yes we are suppose to get our rewards before retail." Show me on the campaign page where that promise was made. If I missed it then ok. "Having the game for sale at retail locations before all backers have reward is a kick in the nuts." My nuts feel fine. Maybe you should see a doctor? "They really fucked up here" No, they didn't. "I was wrong" You got one right! @Kenneth Achter: "and we responded with the promise of being the first to receive the game" Where is that promise? Show me the TEXT. Are you refering to this: "Don't worry-- you wonderful backers will still have your rewards sent out to you first." READ THE WHOLE THING!!!! That comment is in regards to pre-orders off their website. @Carmen Yes we are suppose to be getting a 20-card add your own words cards. Did you not get them? Any others not get them? I’m a bit confused as to whether or not I got everything you promised…. I got the big red shiny box (I love it!), the blast from the past, and the kickstarter thank you pack of exclusive bonus cards. I thought there was also supposed to be a “20-card “add your own words” pack? Received my Red box today! Thanks!! Sad part is I could go on eBay right now and buy one too. And yes it's a wee bit sad that the creator is nowhere in sight here with this issue. Conversely, another game I backed, I asked about any updates on when shipping would happen and had a reply super fast. "Don't worry-- you wonderful backers will still have your rewards sent out to you first." -straight from the August 15 update. I know I'm pretty down the list to back it but I agree with retailers getting it ahead of backers is just wrong, that is a lot of wholesale units that could have been shipped out first, especially with no shipping confirmation in sight and no comments from the dev team on this either. Read through the August 15th Update, they clearly say they will ship to backers first Just got mine! Looks great, can't wait to play! I just received mine in the mail today. @Justin The problem is that we as a community funded the production of this game. C&H came to us asking for help, and we responded with the promise of being the first to receive the game. And that's not what's happening. They gladly took our money, and have chosen to send the game out to retailers first. Meanwhile, we have to keep waiting. @Justin Yes we are suppose to get our rewards before retail. Without Kickstarter backers this game wouldn't be in retail, it wouldn't exist. Having the game for sale at retail locations before all backers have reward is a kick in the nuts. It isn't right now matter how you slice it. They really fucked up here... a mistake and a huge blow to a well run campaign up to this point. I guess I just thought they appreciated us backers more for bringing an idea to light... I was wrong No I'm pretty sure they said backers get their games before anyone else... What are people getting so bent out of shape about? There is no guarantee you get anything before retail. That's not a "thing". Also, we're the only ones to get the exclusives. Not retail. Chill the hell out and wait. They have almost 64k boxes to ship. At this point though they long since have our money so I really don't expect much in the way of any resolution other than getting told it'll ship when it ships. I keep checking my spam email folder just in case but yeah, $100 and not even an email to show for it. It's says I pledged 45 but I'm in the 1$ I remember filling out info on what I wanted but they also charged me twice then I got 45 of the 90 they charged me back 2 weeks later. I have a filling like they duplicated my order then deleted the one I filled out my info on @Derek It is your first time pledging so mistakes happen. I didn't fill out a survey with my address on time and never got the first game I pledged for (got a refund eventually). It should say what you pledged if you click "view pledge". Hopefully they message me back but no I didn't ever get a survey Again, not mad about waiting, mad that they produced and shipped a bunch of units to sit in a warehouse for a couple months and then started shipping to backers instead of shipping to backers first Thats what they are saying but I clicked for the red box and everything I made sure I was receiving a game when I pledged Remember the stretch goals campaign? Remember the boss fight? Remember how fun that was? There was a sense of community. We were part of that, and that's something that the retail buyers will never have. @Derek Wait. Am I to understand that you selected the "Thanks for donating! You are helping make our dreams come true while simultaneously giving away your money!" reward but changed the donation from $1 to $45? If that is the case it is not a matter of them not giving you a game because they intentionally don't send you one. Your name and information will, most likely, not be populated into their shipping list. As there at 63K backers, they can't be expected to catch this themselves; they are human. Were you sent the survey? You need to PM them. It is probably best to click "Cyanide and Happiness" under the "Created by" at the top of this page and then click "contact me" I'm kinda bummed I could go out and get it now and pretty much get the same product, before I even got a shi**ing email. All I'm looking for is confirmation. I'll be patient after I receive that. I'm not mad about the waiting, I'm fine with that, it's the fact that they already produced and shipped to retailers before us. Now those boxes are just going to sit in storage until December except when they get put out accidentally like they appear to have at least once already. All while the people that paid to support this game are sitting at home waiting and would love to play it but haven't even received a shipping confirmation yet. Me too but I would like to get some confirmation from them @Derek. I'm sure you have a d*ck coming for you if you truly are a **cker. Some people are mad because other people get to play with their d*cks before they do. Haven't gotten mine either bit I'm waiting patiently. @Kenneth Achter If that's the case it's pretty unsettling indeed and a huge minus I don't know to the guys or to the stores(I'm sure the guys worked hard to make it work etc and usually the store owners are the ones who's leaking and releasing stuff earlier than they should.... but If I see anyone doing that I would break their fingers personally:) ) "Oh, and it's $25. So basically we paid the same price months in advance and now we get to wait. What a joke." and I completely agree with the ending. And I still didn't received any email,61$ pledge in total to Europe. Anyone from Europe received tracking mail?? I'll be calm once they tell me I'm getting a game. I didn't pledge 45$ for them to tell me I have no reward mine already came, fast shipping. You people need to calm down. I waited for almost two years for my rewards before, I think you can wait for a few days! I called around to 5 different Target stores in my area and they all have it in stock. This seems pretty widespread. What was the point of backing this in the first place? Oh, and it's $25. So basically we paid the same price months in advance and now we get to wait. What a joke. @Michael Agreed. I am a bit bitter that stores have stock before most of us even have a shipping notification. That is not what Kickstarter is about. Backers should be the only concern until complete, then worry about box stores etc. @Creator How does Target even have any stock of the game if many of us backers are still awaiting on a shipping notification? Not cool... Not cool at all I backed at the 2-Deck Level & have not received any sort of tracking information. I am in Maine Didn't receive my email yet here in Canada Kolkrabba, what is your backer number? Just got my copy either last night or early this morning. I'm in UT. Looks great. CA here. Just got my tracking details. It's shipping out of Pacoima, CA. Mine was received by FedEx on the 5th. Mind you, I'm only a few cities away. Says it will be delivered on the 12th. WTF? Man I hate SmartPost!!!! What I always find hilarious is the package literally passed my by another 3 cities away. Just to have to come back this way. That always happens when something comes to me from the LA area. If they can hurry the hell up and give it to USPS today then hopefully I'll get it tomorrow. Otherwise, next week it is. Those who don't have emails should deff check to see if they have u on the 1$ tier that's what they did to me so not cool So even though I pledged 45 it says I don't have a reward if I don't get a game I'll be pissed. Just chiming in so that others know they're not alone: I also haven't received shipping information. I live in Virginia, USA and backed at the 2-deck level. (This is not a complaint; I didn't expect to see the game until November!) Are some people still waiting for shipping confirmations? I am in Canada. Received my game today in Ohio! Michael, never back a game from CMON. So retailers who had nothing to do with the sucess of this game get theirs first when they arent even suppost to sell them untell december as well as a handful of the lower level teirs while the rest of us havent even gotten a confirmation as to if ours are shipping or even exist in one package yet. Glad i paid a 200$ loan in april to get a game last in probably october? Sorry if im a bit salty but hearing that only a hand full of people have gotten emails and that alot of them have theirs games ontop of its already showing up in the back/shelves of stores when were all in the dark is very frustrating especially when im waiting on that wooden boxed edition update you guys said would be in a separate update before things shipped. Has anyone from the double dat mat tier gotten a shopping confirmation yet? 60$, no email yet, mexican backer Double Dat Mat backer here. No email or anything yet. And it's already in retail stores? Disappointed highly there. After being told hey looks like we will be shipping early and now this? Just got my game. Its awesome. Love you guys and thanks for an awesome campaign :D @C&H why have so many copies been sent to retailers already when most of the backers (myself included, backer 5000ish out of 60000+) haven't even received our shipping confirmation yet? @Kenneth Achter Now THAT is frustrating...though might be a good sign that we'll maybe see some expansion packs down the line if it does well in retail. Still, imo backers should be fulfilled before any retailers get stocked. $60 level here in the US, checked spam etc, however I shall remain patient as there are *MANY* orders to process here. So, I was just walking through Target and saw Joking Hazard on the shelf. How is already available in store before I've even received my pledge reward?? That's pretty frustrating. $60 level, no email yet Mine just got to my house, I'll be playing after work! Yay! Got my email! Now to wait anxiously for the fail-ex truck to come... @Matt Hayne Nothing yet..... My copy should come to Europe Hmm, well, I'm at the $60 level and no e-mail yet, and yes, I checked the spam bin :-( I'm in the $35 tier, nothing yet. Hopefully will have my d*ck shipping notice soon. Jealous of all the people with their shipping info booo lol. Just wondering you say the shipping is by pledge level, I pledged at the $25 level but there is extra for UK shipping. So would I expect mine to ship around the $25 shipment time, or higher due to the extra shipping I paid. In the 35 tier, got my shipping info, expected a week from today I had the 35 tier and got the email at 4:00 this morning. It's in NJ now and expected delivery is Wednesday. Just received my Shi**ing confirmation! Woo can't wait to receive the d*ck! @Matt Hayne I'm at the 35 tier, no email yet. Nothing to worry about so far! (hopefully) Has anyone from the 35 or 45 tier received their email yet? I have received an email from blackbox and have a tracking number but so far it only says shipping info sent to FedEx. So wooden boxed editions will ship later then most peoples? Lol i am at backer 10,300. Its going to be a while As of 5 hours ago, my copy is sitting at FedEx in West Virginia. This game is so freaking fun! @John Pedersen: Do you live outside of the United States? If so, then as Morgan said it may be shipping charges on top of the $35 pledge level. If you are in the US, and you originally pledged at the $35 level but later upped your pledge amount to go from one box to two, then there may be an issue. Kickstarter does NOT change your pledge reward automatically when you up your pledge amount. If you did not manually change the pledge reward Kickstarter keeps your original pledge reward and considers the rest as an extra donation to the project creator. @John Pedersen Sounds like your shipping charges So I just noticed, that Kickstartes says the tier I've backed is the 35$ but I paided 61$ which one have I been send ? I told my new coworker about this game and he is excited to play this game. Any idea when and where he can buy it when it comes to the market? I believe you had to choose which one you wanted in the survey Hey guys! Just got my stuff today. The tier I pledged said I would get two red box editions, but I only received one red box and one reg. Did I read it wrong? Cant wait for my friends to get jelous of my d*ck. I will be the only one with it so they will probably fight over my d*ck. You know who will pull it out and hold it, play with it, i only hope they wont be too rough to ruin my d*ck Anyone from Canada receive there confirmation email? Yay I got my shipping email I haven't got my shipping confirmation yet :( Just got my shipping confirmation! Still no confirmation email. Hope they make a lier out of me as I hit post. @Matt, the email I received was from <email> Who is the email from. I know it's black box but what email did they Send your confirmation from. Just curious so I can hunt in my spam folder haha same. I didn't got any email either so far. I agree with Travis on that. I'm still waitin for that email, I can't wait much longer, the suspense has been killin me Got my confirmation and am quite excited! The e-mail was put in my spam folder, so if you're looking for your own confirmation, don't forget to check that. Mine just shipped. I hope it comes before fall break ends Just got the shipping email from blackbox Wanted to say thank you C&H and I can't wait to play it with friends :> Is there an ETA on the shipping email from Blackbox? The first thing that I'm going to do when I take out my d*ck, is give it a smell. I love smelling d*cks before I play with them. I might even let my friends smell my d*ck before playtime. I just hope my friends are gentle when handling my d*ck. Maybe I should sleeve my d*ck before I let everyone have at it. The last thing I would want is for someone to bend, rip, or spill something on my d*ck right after taking it out for the first time. Didn't get any shipping confirmation yet. Can't wait to get my d*cks out of the mailbox. I have two. One for me and my wife and the other is for the ladies. I've never gone this long with out fondalling my d*ck. I can't wait to get my hands on that huge package and have my friends play with my new d*ck @Phillip Thanks! I've only really used the phone app. I knew I'd have to go to the website to find it. @Alex On the main campaign page go to "manage pledge" and there you'll find your survey I have the same issue as Dan how do I look at my survey? Are the wood boxed versions shipping at the same time as everyone elses? Mine arrived today - check out the unboxing! <url>× Kickstarter Booster Pack: $0.00 ea. 1 × Joking Hazard - Kickstarter Red Edition: $0.00 ea. 2 × Blast from the Past Booster: $0.00 ea. 1 × Joking Hazard: $0.00 ea. The $60 tier lists 2 × Joking Hazard - Kickstarter Red Edition. Am I not getting 2 boxes or is this just a typo? Woot! Just got my shipping confirmation!!! So I have a problem. I was just forced to move at the end of last month, after the August 15th deadline obviously, and I'm worried I won't get my copy of Joking Hazard. Is there anything that can be done? Edit @myself: I completely forgot what I pledge at. Just checked, and am glad I am at the $35 tier. Having said that, I checked my pictures of the product I took, and I know the price we will be selling at. And no, it is not on the shelf yet at any store of this retailer...yet. So, I work at a major retailer stocking electronics, entertainment, and toys and I saw that we received a case of 6 Joking Hazard. I almost cannot believe this game is being sold here! Way to go! Hopefully my employee discount doesn't make it cheaper than what I got it for here. ._. Also: if this is classified news at the moment, let me know. I am so excited to get my hands on this d*ck. @Alistair Cohen You can see your shipping address by clicking on the blue view pledge button on this page (if you are not on the mobile app, it doesn't show there). There, you can click on the survey tab to see your address. @Bayley With normal shipping, hard to tell. It depends on when they send your game out (as it is a lot of packages) and where you live in the world. If would say a week to a month after shipping for most of the places in the world. With this shipping company: If you are lucky. Hey guys. I know I'm potentially one of the annoying people but... How do I see the address I provided you for shipping? I've moved company in the last couple of weeks and I'm worried I gave my old company address. And that's that perfect shipping company where were all the non-us backers pay so much shipping for? Oh joy, I am looking forward to it already... @Tim Loads of people are really pissed at Blackbox and I can see where they are coming from. Blackbox is also the company that shipped the game "secret hitler" which also was on kickstarter. Unfortunately everything went wrong. Games are missing, damaged or incomplete. While I dont know if this is the fault of blackbox the following definitely is. I (and many others) contacted blackbox via the official email adress. Most of us never got an answer. Now we are not talking about days here. We are talking about weeks of silence. I cant say the blackbox support is bad. It is simply nonexistent. I hope blackbox manages to deliver all "joking hazard" games on time but i highly doubt it. ... Is there any comfirmed date of when we might get our games I got my shipping email on Friday. tracking says it will come on Thursday 10/6/16 I guess not. I believe they're not done touching and fondling our d*cks into position yet. Has anyone gotten the shipping email yet, just curious. @J Savage: @Nick Roberts (the Ranting Thespian) has a job for you. Pop over to the September 30th update for details: <url>“Yeah, but when do I get my game?” We’re looking really good for shipping in late September through October. I am sure they will let us know if this isn't the case anymore, so expect it to be sent late September through October. Depending on where you live, I would expect it to arrive 1 to 4 weeks after they send it. So if you are lucky, the beginning of Ocotober, but I expect that some people will get it as late as somewhere in December. Out of curiosity, will the artisanal hard drug laced sandwiches be included in the delivery or will I still have to go to my local sandwich/drug tavern? (It's called "The Heroine's Hero" by the way...) I can see from the comments that shipping will happen in November. I couldn't find this info elsewhere. I thought that mine had gotten lost or stolen. Regardless, an update wouldn't hurt. Thanks. I Am moving in Mid-November, do I need to change my address?? Oh I've backed some games on here that have been terrible with delivery, communication, and respecting the backers. I will clarify I was being sarcastic mette. If you take the time to read some of my posts you will notice a pattern of insanity filled delusional garbage on my part. Sometimes my posts are useful or helpful to certain people but mostly I just indulge in amusing myself and maybe a few other people that read my posts. Shipping should start soon! @Tim Possibly. Blame me being at work at the time I wrote my comment and English not being my mother tongue. I do understand why people are looking forward to the cards of course. @matte I'm pretty sure joey was being sarcastic @Joey Smalls Then you shouldn't have ordered a game where it clearly states November 2016 as expected delivery date. Also if it is too much trouble for you to patiently wait, I would recommend against backing any other project on kickstarter as this one is going quite smoothly. You can complain if you haven't received your game in January. I'm with Joey, November can't come soon enough. I had a conversation about wanting to play this game with someone and clearly that meant it was past delivery and I should have the game. I'm betting more people want their games too. Those people haven't posted yet so I'm first. Please hand deliver me my game so I may play it today. Thank you. @Raymond Barber: Being on mobile makes it a little harder but you should be able to make it work. 1) Use your web browser instead of the Kickstarter app 2) Set your browser to Desktop mode or request desktop page or however your browser phrases it. 3) Click the blue "View pledge" button which is down and right of the Joking Hazard image on the top of the page. 4) On the new page directly under the Joking Hazard image should be 3 tabs, Reward Survey and Messages. Click Survey and it should show you your mailing address. Hopefully it is right because it is too late to change at this point and you would need to figure out how to get your package forwarded to you. Guys im a kick starter newbie this was my first backing. I remember filling out my address but i do not remember where or how to view my address deets. Can someone tell me pls ^_^ If it helps im a mobile only user no pc for me :( I need to change my shipping info. Who would I contact to do so? @Benjamin: Kickstarter will not allow creators to alter the descriptions of the pledge tiers, so stretch goals and add-ons that are included later on can not be added to the pledge descriptions (on the right-hand side of the "Campaign" page), and these same descriptions are what is listed in your "Pledge". This helps prevent unscrupulous creators from decreasing what is to be shipped after receiving pledges. I'm not sure why you are disappointed that finding the answer required you to read. How else were you expecting to find the answer? Never mind..... found my answer.... However it did require me to read so i'm still disappointed. so at this point i'm just going to assume that i will be getting all the extras and only complain if i don't, as crazy as it is to say this i do in fact trust the guys at explosm whoops! hit posted that too soon. i meant to add that shouldn't I be getting the other boosters and 2 playmats as well? i'm a little confused here.... I was wondering if anyone knows why my last chance to change address email is omitting some of my rewards as i paid for the 200$ reward Amount pledged $200.00 USD Reward Signed Limited Edition Wooden Box Kickstarter exclusive edition of the game in a special wooden box, autographed by the creators, plus one normal game, and two "Blast From The Past" 50-card booster packs. Played this at GENCON this year. So can't wait for it to arrive!!! Please hurry up I am dying to play it again. Have they started shipping yet?? Havent gotten a update in a while... <url>"any pledge $35 or above is a 'Red Box' pledge". What I said was "The Red Box Pledge (and any pledge at the $35 level or above, including EACH of the two boxes at the $60 level) will contain".... I was being more inclusive in my reply about what was contained in the boxes, since it is the same for EVERY pledge at and above the $35 level: whether white box, red box, $60 two box level where you can pick any combination of white/red boxes, custom wood box, etc. To fully cover every situation, the $25 just lacks the Blast from the Past 50 card booster set. Anyone know if the signed boxes will ship before at the same time or after everyone elses? if the dates diffrent do we get everything but the boxed version shipped when everyone else does? <url>"original reward page" vs "the page for the rewards", and although you state what you see on the "original reward page" you only say that they "page for the rewards says differently" but do not say what you see on that page. Kickstater does not allow the creator to change the text of the Pledge levels on the "Campaign" page. As stretch goals were added and achieved, the text for the Pledge levels on the right hand column were unable to be updated to match. The text in the main section of the "Campaign" page CAN be updated at any point by the creator, so that was able to be updated along the way as the deck and extras grew. The Red Box Pledge (and any pledge at the $35 level or above, including EACH of the two boxes at the $60 level) will contain: Main Deck of 350 cards Blast from the Past 50 card expansion deck Add Your Own Words 20 card pack Kickstarter Exclusive 20 card pack Instead of the 20 Add Your Own Words being a separate pack, 10 of them will be in the base deck (so it will have 360 cards) and 10 of them will be in the Kickstarter Exclusive pack (so it will have a total of 30 cards in the pack). This bit of info was in the June 16, 2016 update titled "Production Update #2: Artwork and Other Exciting Info" @Bayley: Is it "late September through October" on your calendar yet? Are you planning on shipping soon Question about the Red Box. The original reward page says the red box will have the 300 card deck, the 50 card booster pack, and the 20 card "write your own words" booster. The page for the rewards says differently, and I'm hoping someone can tell me if the rewards have changed? Thanks =] <url>⬇️ Oh yeah and i have firm buttocks @kosta you're safe. They have not started shipping the games yet. End of this month/beginning of next. Have these shipped? USPS tried to deliver me a package and failed miserably at it and have subsequently lost my package. I thought it might be this... So I just saw that we were supposed to fill out a survey for addresses... Did the form include our address we provide for kickstarter? Or am I screwed? <url>"The Best Workout Shirt Ever Made" is a clear scam and by far the worst. Coolest Cooler had/has issue, but I got mine last December. Great product. Only 2 Campaigns delivered on-time, and those were by the same Creator. @ Gabriel: <url>“Yeah, but when do I get my game?” We’re looking really good for shipping in late September through October. I am sure they will let us know if this isn't the case anymore, so expect it to be sent late September through October. Depending on where you live, I would expect it to arrive 1 to 4 weeks after they send it. So if you are lucky, the beginning of Ocotober, but I expect that some people will get it as late as somewhere in December. When is the expected delivery date? The worst one (and my first one), was ScIO (but like it said, not much to see on the page). The other is Ombre Oscure playing cards, but it only has 110 backers. I have more respect for this guy, who made a mistake so the shipping for everybody was $2, so he has to pay it from his own pocket, then for the ScIO guys, who got +- 3 million bucks and which is a big company with youtube videos showing off the tech and stuff. But what can you do, you never know if it will arrive or not (but no tech kickstarters for me anyway). Btw, I also don't mind delays. I have gotten other projects which had big delays as well, but they updated about it and I never had the feeling I lost my money. The ScIO one looks very bad (although they did offer a refund and a promise of the new model half a year ago, just before the page was shut down). We will see. But this is quite offtopic. George and matte, which Kickstarter(s) did ya back? Agreed Mette, I have 0 concern for Joking Hazard. I've gotten some nice stuff from backing things here, but I'm mostly done with KS. Once my remaining Campaigns conclude, there are only 2 Creators I will back going forward. KS doesn't hold Creators to a high enough standard, making it easy for scam artists to thrive. They did show the game at GenCon. <url>“Yeah, but when do I get my game?” We’re looking really good for shipping in late September through October. I am sure they will let us know if this isn't the case anymore, so expect it to be sent late September through October. whats up guys? Hey, C&H, an update could be nice... Even if just telling us that we still have to wait. Communication is key, and crap like that... I wasn't trying to tell him what to do. He can check his mailbox every day in the hope it will come, but I just wanted to let him know it wasn't necessary yet as they won't arrive before October anyway (maybe late September for some). I don't want to kill his excitement and I hope I didn't. Hey @Travis Radke: Don't, there is no need to do this as it won't help you getting the game faster. They will probably let us know when they start shipping. Also they said it looked good for shipping in september through october. Checking your mailbox now isn't really necessary yet. How much longer do we have to wait, I'm so excited for this game. I literally check the mail everyday in hopes that it'll come. So... I swear I changed my address before but then I realised I didn't. A couple of days ago when Kickstarter emailed me to prompt me to check my address. I changed it then (on the 21st Aug)... would that go through the system? Or do I have to tell the people who bought my house to look out for my parcel? :\ Hoping to play "Joking Hazard" on an upcoming camping trip, that is unfortunately happening two months earlier then the current estimated delivery of November, I decided to take advantage of the "Print Your Own Deck" *.pdf. However I wanted to take it up a notch, so I made a front of the card(s), and a box as well. I posted the graphics* I made as well as some other pictures at the link below if anyone want to use them. (I printed my cards at 112% and designed the box for that size, so if you may want to scale it according. I also reformatted to rules to fit inside the box as well.) *@Creator if you do not approve, I will remove the files at your request. <url>"view pledge" button that should be up and right of the comments. The page after that should have 3 tabs under the Joking Hazard banner. The middle one is survey. Clicking it should give you the option to edit address. Good luck people, your time to get your address right is running out. This message will self destruct in 5...4...3...2... On the JH project page there is a blue button that says "view pledge". Click that and there should be three tabs at the top. One of which says "survey" click that and fill in your info. If the "survey" tab isn't there. Message the creator and ask them to send you a link Are the backer surveys not a real thing? I have not found a place on this cite with any info on them. Or a place to put my address. Hey creator are we getting a new update on August 15th @Mike I am sure they are using a company to ship the packages, but it is still a lot of organization to see every package gets sent to the correct place. Also, while I am sure they have a decent profit margin on some of the stuff they are sending (the mats and the colored box come to mind), printing the game itself costs quite a lot of money. That said, everybody except for the US is paying for shipping, so I am sure all shipping is payed with that money (I don't know if that is counted in the 3.2 million or not). @Mette I think for a small portion of the 3.2 mil, they can find someone to ship a few games out. You are correct, it is Kickstarter. They may show up in 2034. Was lucky enough to get a look at the game at Gen Con. Looks great. Looking forward to mine arriving. @Mike Sure, but they are not a professional store (well, they have one, but I can not imagine they ship this amount of packages in a short amount of time). The point I wanted to make was that it will take time before we get the games and we will need to be patient (like on everything you back on kickstarter). Yes you can ship 65,000 games in a week. It is not an impossibility. More of a logistical issue, but it can be done, and with ease if planned out. Packing and shipping are two completely different things. Even packing can be done in a short amount of time if organized properly. And yes, that ID number is a unique number. Every kickstarter member gets a new number every time he/she backs a project. It's kickstartes way of keeping track of who backed what. If someone that according to the database doesn't own that number tries to access it, a 404 is thrown. :) To find the survey details, try this link: <url>"view pledge" button under the amount of backers on the page and you should get the same page/popup. You can go to the survey info under the logo. On there you can change your address. How do I? How do I? How do I live without you... Pay attention and do it right the first time! These people are running a Kickstarter, not a responsibility educational course for how to check emails, find emails, changes address', or figure out how the hell deliver three games to two people that live in four different cities that use ponies to deliver grain to the field people! What is wrong with yinz? All better now. Continue on asking questions that could probably have been taken care of with just a slight bit of responsibility. Still a dud. I think the ID is attached to each user as your link has a different one than the last. @Tim: Hmm, try this link: <url>"View Pledge" button under the cyanide and happiness guy and then click the survey button in the middle of the next page you can edit your address. The address is the only part of the survey that should be editable. However I think that only works on the website, not on the app. @Phil, I can't find any way to do that in the app. With the desktop however it says the survey is closed, so you can't edit it anyway. It says you have to send them a message in order to change it. <url>"View my pledge" but nothing happens... Where do I find my survey?? Yeah there's no survey button on the app :( Address changes need to be done through the Kickstarter website. The app doesn't have the survey tab. Is it possible that I never received a survey? I went to my pledge tab from the campaign and there is no section that says survey. I ordered the 2 box combo. Can I give 2 addresses for shipping or do I have to receive then forward the second box myself? Im clicking on my pledge level in the kickstarter app but cant seem to see the survey. Any pointers? I can't play this naked. My nipples would get cold. <url>#3009: Me commenting on the fact I've posted the 3009th comment. <url>#3000 <url>"hey guys, last chance to change your address" email yet and they said they would be putting that email out about 2 weeks before they lock it in and start shipping the game. @Robert we hope they don't get lost in a backlog at a sorting site I guess My question is with the pending strike by Canada post what happens with shipping to Canada <url>"view pledge." It will bring up a mini window within the page. Click the "survey" button and there will be an "edit address" button under the address you put. Hopefully for me, they can still ship to the Pilgrim Psychiatric Center... No juan knows juan. no juan. Is there any why to change my address because I moved recently and it has my old address? @Jamie dat funny Update: I am dumb. So I just moved and I don't see a way to update my mailing address. Am I missing something, or is the game now a present for the new residents of my former address? I have been "advised" that I can not confirm whether or not the potential jail break attempt by J Savage with the aid of l Chapo's compatriots was a success. i have also been informed that El Chapo's compatriots are looking for me, and that I must enter the witness destruction program. I heard some rumors that @J Savage was attempting to get in touch with some of El Chapo's compatriots. Something about sink holes, prison cell, city hall, tunnels, and a desire for a blue and grey vertically striped shirt. Has anyone heard from @"j savage" recently? @Corey - You're almost right. Turns out it was a tempura anomaly, and all those people got delicious grade AA shrimp instead. @Luke Spenser: My understanding is that by using a temporal anomaly found in the C&H toilet the special reward levels have already been delivered to the backers' addresses 33 years 5 months and 19 days in the past. So those lucky people should have already been playing their games for over three decades now. Hey Hey Guys! When will the additional rewards be done like the Wingman Special and Chewing Up a Card and mailing it to someone? It's OK, Corey. After all There is no cow level crap.. sorry... I can't believe no one has unlocked the JUSTIN BAILEY cheat yet. Oh yeah and the cheat for the computer is hesoyam for anyone wondering Maybe because more people would stumble on them on kickstarter Or just because they could Honestly I'm not even sure why Rooster Teeth did their campaign on Kickstarter. They could have easily just posted an update on their Facebook page and sold the game on their online store. @Clint most companies and people who launch campaigns cannot afford that luxury. @Clint Rooster Teeth already had their games in production/done being produced by the time they launched campaign. Rooster teeth just shipped their orders early... I guess they were prepared... I accidentally spawned another card game then saved now i got to start all over again Or just pull out the old game shark. Blow really hard at one end and plug that bad boy end. All cheats unlocked. BOOOM!!!! Mind blown!! @Gabrijel patarčić: I'm not sure if it will work, but you might want to try either: Forward, Forward, Down, High Kick. Jump in close and Forward, Down, Forward, Forward, High Punch Alternatively: Down, Down-forward, Forward, Down, Down-forward, Forward, Punch Here's gookin' at lame At game, looking I am. Is blind but still looking at game Looking at the game's ass Looking for the game! Looking Askance at the Game! Looking around for the game! Corey and jesse found a secret cheat that makes them VIP so they will get the game soon There are few more cheats but i cant find them I think its up up down x circle cirlcle r1 r2 l1 up down down Looking sideways to the game! Looking Backward to the Game! Looking Forward to the Game! *enters code* CONGRATULATIONS!!! YOU HAVE BEEN UPGRADED TO: Signed Super Limited Edition Wooden Box Woohoo!!! ^ ^ v v < > < > B A start. ↗→ ↓↗ ↙↗ ↙↗ ↓↓ ←↘ ↙↓ ↙↖ ↑↓ Bah! Semaphore is the only way to communicate. Actually Jesse, the Internet is a communication tool used the world over where people can come together to **** about movies and share pornography with one another. @Corey, but Mama says the Internets is the Devil. @Jesse Kopelman: Too bad you don't have internet access or you could have checked dictionary.com or even this thing they call the google. You should look into this internet thingy, it is pretty cool. @Night1505, it would have been. I f I could have remembered how to spell itinerate. But I couldn't so I changed it. I come back to get a update on the comment and they for some reason turned into nbc news am i on the wrong post I thought it was the Coalition for the Liberation of Itinerate Tree-dwellers? In an astonishing turn of events, the theft of a police car, subsequent crash into city hall and loss of cocaine has been linked to the Coalition for the Liberation of Illegitimate Tree-dwellers. Apparently the man thought responsible was hallucinating the entire time while waiting for a card game. The creator of the game, Blank Media Games has yet to comment. Just to keep everyone updated, this may very well be my last update. Apparently it is "illegal" to steal a patrol car and what I thought was the town sink hole may have actually been "city hall." Also, that sugar may or may not have actually been "6 kilos of cocaine on its way to the evidence locker after the end of a 3 year investigation on a local drug ring." Oh, and also, if you hear rumors of some weird church cult, I wouldn't feel bad. After what I did with the Uranium, everything will grow back. In the meantime, my lawyers have informed me that making frequent updates on the internet could be considered an "admission of guilt," despite whether I truly feel guilty or not. So, I'm on my way to the "state penitentiary" to await trial. I'm also being required to study how to "use" quotation marks for some reason. Update on the update: It has been determined that the "Authorities" referenced below were either joking or lying. It is physically impossible to feel bad for the WBC. Update: Apparently there is a manhunt in progress for a guy named J Savage. They said you really do not want to know what he did, but it involved and alligator, a gorilla, 4 pounds of ice, a coat hanger, some depleted uranium and the Westboro baptist church. Authorities claim they actually feel bad for the WBC on this one. @Lloyd Dodge and @Jeremy Milam Click on the blue view pledge button under the logo on this page. There are 3 tabs, the middle one is the survey. Btw, the email topic for the survey is: Response Needed! Get your reward for backing Joking Hazard. I got this the 19th of April. So, update... The cookies taste terrible. But I'm feeling pretty damn good right now! WOO! j savage you are an asshole you said soon and still no update i mean come on those are cookies not nuclear bomb that you are making just take a piss in it put some sugar some human brain and voila oh yeah we also want for you to write a date when will cookies be open for sale so we could fuck you in the ass with questions like why isnt my cookie on my table yet you said 2020 and its already been two hours oh yeah and one more thing i did an anal with my girlfriend and my ass is killing me she really drilled me hard which reminds me you need to explain every detail about survey filling so people would have more questions to ask with love your one and only bored guy Just to update everybody, about twenty minutes after stealing the patrol car, I got bored and ditched it in the local sink hole. But there was like five backs of sugar wrapped in plastic wrap I found in the trunk before I left it, so now I'm baking cookies. I'll update everyone on the cookies soon. Yay, update! Man I kinda want to upgrade to the limited edition wooden box now. J Savage, So.. how was the ride? Can we get less updates on the game and more updates in general? Like, can we get updated on if Kris, Rob and Dave are doing well? Maybe we could get an update on butterfly migration. Is there an update on the creative process of the guy who does updates? Could someone please update me on when my pizza delivery will be here? These are important things people! I need and update on the popularity of Rick Rolling people on the internet still, or I may just freak out and go for a joy ride my local Sheriff's patrol car. Would anyone like an update on my joy ride, by the way? What kind of card sleeves do you all who sleeve card games use? @Erik: I don't know. It has already been a couple hours since the last update, so we could probably use another update. :D Yeah, I'm going to need to update my address as well... I never saw my survey in my email. Where do I go to fill it out. @ Erik Agreed. I think they also addressed all major questions, so everybody should be happy again. WOOOOOO! Tasty update! Now everyone con stop complaining about not getting updates UPDATE!!!! :D <3 The pdf of the game is awesome. I would like to wish that they waited for November to send out the actual copy, but I am way to impatient for that. I will be happy whenever I get the actual game in my grubby little hands, but the sooner the better. No need to rush it though, they seem to be going at a good pace. I only really need an update when something relevant happens. I like the idea someone here had a while back of them not updating at all until all the games are received by the backers. Also in the beginning people complained there were too many emails. Now people complain they don't update enough. It is impossible to make everybody happy when you have almost 64 000 backers. Just wait, you will get the cards. @Joe R I totally agree. They should send it in November and not update us at all about it so there is a surprise when people receive the package. I don't see a reason for them to update us until they are almost ready to send out the packages and they ask us one last time to review our addresses so they can send it correctly. Am I looking forward to this product? Yes. Am I an impatient sot? Very much so. If it comes in early am I happy? Yup. I've back projects that are over a year late without real progress and snarky replies to backers. I'd prefer more updates but tbh they said they won't update til there's reason to. They said they won't spam us. Transparency. All I ask. THIS. This right here | | | V V V The part I have a hard time understanding is everyone has a pdf version of the game. Sure it’s not everything you may have backed but it should suffice until your “full” game is delivered. Most projects only give you status updates so you should be overly thrilled with the pdf version. Go down to your local photo coping place and have the cards printed then cut. If you don’t want to pay the money to do that then fine you don’t have to that’s your choice but don’t sit here and complain about not having the game yet when you already do. I mean in all honesty I really hope they take all the way until November to get this out so people can learn to wait. I challenge anyone on here to take a concept idea, fund it, gain mass support, and then develop the product. This is not a fast process and you guys really should learn a thing or two on how creating/developing something from the ground up works. The more you rush the process the more corners are cut. There were 63,758 backers on this, that’s not a small order so people need to relax and be patient. You guys need to relax they said they will tell us when they are ready. Stop rushing them the date still says November so they have no need to rush. If it is early thats bonus not a reason to complain Yo, respond to your backers. Make an update. Not a very good business sense I'm seeing at the moment. @Christopher look a few posts down to a comment from Chris E telling someone else how to do it. If I needed to change the mailing address for where I need the game sent, how do I go about doing that? <url>"Request Desktop Site" or similar option on a mobile browser should do the trick. Is there a way for new backers to join? I have a friend who missed out. @anthony find the email that was sent to you for the survey. It should be dated around 04/18/2016. Click the link in there and it will take you to the survey Can not access the survey? I'm using an iPad and an iPhone but the I can see see the option? What am I supposed to do? @Dave Baker: Just click on the "See my contribution" button. The survey is on the second tab Hi your latest update said to fill out Backer Surveys . Im not sure if I did or not how can I find out ? @Robert: Depends on how many rounds you want to play before re-dealing the cards. If you give every player 7 cards, you could be 52 players if nobody takes up a new card after each round, and you play six rounds. Then there is no more blind card left to pick up. :) But going by the rules on the campaign page and the standard deck, here's a formula: max_players=(370-rounds) / (7+rounds-1) Minus one because you don't need to pick up a new card after the last round. So let's say you want to play 10 rounds without re-dealing. (370-10)/(7+10-1) = 22 players. :-) I got another question. Is the red box in anyway different with the imagery to the original White box I'm curios, how many people can play? @Bayley - What box art news are you anticipating? Hey creator , is there any news on the box art They said it would be out way earlier than November Or earlier... Why is December so far away!!!?!?!? It comes in November you say??? Oh yes, that's so much closer...... Excellent. PDF Printed, cut, cornered. That took entirely too long! Got a great 3-card series though while cutting. I won't spoil it just yet though. :P @John I contacted them through KS, but don't hold your breath for a response. I had to follow up twice before they responded, and all my subsequent messages have gone unanswered. @Tim Yeah I wanted one red and one white, but on the initial survey, I accidentally chose two white. It says I answered the survay about two weeks before the update was sent out... Ehm, what. Ok that's why, I was using my phone and its not showing up. Thanks Hi Justin, Go to 'View Pledge', Survey is in between 'Reward' and 'Messages'. You may need to do this via a desktop/laptop, as some phones/tablets don't display the Survey option, apparently. How do you fill out the survey? I can't seem to find it @John Harrington My bad, I wasn't sure and I was at work, so no time to look it up. Hopefully they will respond then. Shipping depends on where you live. For the US it was free, for the other it costed quite a lot of money (more then $10). Shipping is on top of your pledge, but as you are from the US as far as I can see, it should not make a difference for you as your shipping is $0. Shipping is not automatically factored in to pledge levels And now C&H is telling me that the unaccounted for $10 is for shipping. Pretty sure shipping is included in each pledge level, correct? So if I change my tier to $45 (like I did in March), I should be getting the $45 tier. Not being told I get the $35 with a $10 shipping charge. @mette. You and I have already discussed this. Everything was done correctly on my end. @creator and C&H have been unresponsive over mutlipe outlets for almost 3 weeks. @John Harrington You have probably only changed the amount and not the tier. If so, you did not really change tiers. I think kickstarter should make this more obvious how this works, but because you can pledge $200 for a $1 tier if you want (it is a platform to support a creator afterall), there is nothing they can really do about this. I would try to PM them, but I guess they have a lot of PMs from people so I don't know how quickly they will respond. I am quite sure you will not be the only one who has this problem unfortunately. Once you know how the changing of a tier works, it is quite simple to do, but I don't think it is intuitive at all. @michael I figured that was the case, but when I clicked on the link at the bottom of the confirmation email, I was given the option to change box colors... I didn't because I want 2 red boxes, so I don't know if the change would actually work @Michael. How'd you contact the team? I've tried every option here as well as the regular C&H website with no response. It's been almost 3 weeks. @creator. Still awaiting a reply about a glitch with my order. Upgraded back in March to the $45 tier but am still showed as getting the $35 tier. Please respond. @Tim I contacted the C&H team about changing box colors, to which they responded: "Unfortunately color choices can't be changed once the survey has been filled out." This is pretty dumb in my opinion, especially since the product hasn't even gone into production yet and changing the box color is probably as simple as adding a 1 to one number and subtracting 1 from the other, but hey whatever. I'm sure I'll enjoy the game regardless of box color, just wish the team was a little more considerate of the people who helped them make this project possible. @adam Armstrong if you're having trouble finding how to change your survey info on e site. Go back to the email confirming your survey response. At the bottom of that email there is a link "see a problem? Click here" click that and you'll be able to change your address and possibly the box colors you chose if you're a $60+ backer See My Contribution = View Pledge @Adam Armstrong: Just click the blue button saying "See my contribution" (or something like that... I don't use kickstarter in english, so I don't really know). In the second tab, you should be able to change your address :) I have moved since I originally backed the game, best way to Contact you guys to change shipping address? @David Roy Jr thank you I am not sure if I filled out the survey or not...I am pretty sure I did but not 100% hello @David Giard @Scott Buck I am quite sure they always said there would be no pledge manager. As far as I know, you can only get the amount of cards of the tier you have pledged in. I would try to contact them to arrange something, but normally you just paid more for the tier you have selected. Kickstarter is not a store, so if you pledge $300 for a $1 tier, you pay $300 for a $1 tier and you don't get 300 of those things (except if they specifically mention this in the kickstarter they will have a pledge manager and you can do that, I would not take that risk). Hopefully you guys can figure something out with C&H. This user's account has been deleted. Just played with friends and had a lot of fun. Can the red panels be cleared up in the future instructions? There is no mention of trading in cards (which is actually very important for getting rid of "eh" cards) when a red panel is drawn off the deck in the printed out instructions. Also, "two panel" with red cards caused some confusion on if a single panel is played before the red panel (making it a "two panel"), or if each player plays two panels before it. Hope this is helpful feedback! @Scott there is no pledge manager. Only the survey that was sent out. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @David @Scott I'm sure others have pledged more money in hopes that a pledge manager would be available to get more than 1 of what they pledge but there has been no pledge manager for this project and I don't think there will be one. You would have to ask the creator about a pledge manager and hope they answer but it doesn't look like there will be one for this project, so for anyone who has pledged than what their tier actually was is probably out of luck and just pledged more than they probably wanted to for that tier. I don't think there is a pledge manager for this project. Did anyone have the link for the pledge manager site? @David Roy Jr. Among the 63,758 person who selected a reward, nobody pledged for 2 copies of a reward except me? @David Roy Jr. Thanks for your comment. So, if I understand right, there is no way to buy more than 1 copy of a reward... Anybody here managed to buy more than 1 copy? @David it doesn't look like we will be getting a pledge manager. It looks to me you just paid 3 times the amount just for the $60 tier. If I were you I would contact C&H and see if there is anything they can do. It looks to me as you screwed yourself though by jumping the gun about thinking about a pledge manager without even knowing if they would use one or not. The Endless Story version of the game is a great way to play with 2 people. I only printed off about a third of the PDF version just to give it a quick go and it works great. Lots of fun. Can't wait to get the deck now plus the extra cards and play with a couple more people. Hi! Anyone knows if we will have access to a pledge manager soon? I've spent $180 for the $60 rewards in order to pay for extra copies. According to the C&H supports, it seems like I've "choose only the $60 reward", with no more explanation. I really enjoy the card game but I'm not ready to spend $180 on a $60 reward... Need help! Thanks! Got it figured. Had to click through the link at the bottom of the email telling us about the survey. I was on the website on my phone. @Tim: I'm still able to go into the Survey tab and change my address details. Are you viewing kickstarter on the app or on a computer? Some parts of the app are borked. Just played my pnp version. So fun. Anyone else not able to change their address on the survey? They said you'd be able to change it up until they announce the ship date. Says i did survery. Hope i did lol Look* @Euge lol at some of the previous comments that explain how to look at the survey. You need to be on a computer to do it, not the Kickstarter app. Unless you can find the email they sent last month about it to the email you signed up with on Kickstarter. @Euge Printed the PDF yesterday at Office Depot and It's everything I dreamed it would be. 100lbs semi gloss cardstock baby! The coworkers and I had a blast playing it during lunch in a private conference room. Thank you for bringing this into my life C&H! I cannot find the backer survey! :( Can you please help? Im so excited of this game. :-O @Cecelia yes. Just the shipping address. Looks like I answered it back in April. It's just the shipping address right? @Everyone you need to view it on a computer to do the survey not your phone. Only way to do it on your phone is to find the survey email you got from Kickstarter. @John. When you click on the View Pledge button, and it leads you to a page displaying your amount. Notice the headings at the top of that script. The first is 'Reward', which you would be looking it. Switch it to 'Survey." I'm having the same problem as a lot of other people, when I click on the pledge tab it shows the amount and everything, but it doesn't show a survey tab. Just sent my pdf game to FedEx for printing. Still don't know how to access the backer survey. Doesn't have those options on the iPad. Can't find the backer pledge manager Can't find the backer pledge manager This might help those of you looking for your survey. <url>"@Joseph, @David It took me a while to find it. If you go to Joking Hazard's page while logged in (you should be able to see it on a desktop while reading this comment actually) there will be a blue button that says "View pledge" on the right side of the screen. Click that and there should be a tab that says "Survey"." I'm in the same boat as Brandon ... can't find the survey. Maybe I already filled it out? How can I tell? THANKS! so i have checked just about everywhere for this survey (even the view pledge tab...all there is there is a reward tab and a messages tab) and i cant seem to find it anywhere at all Finally! I've my poorly cut version. Waiting for november will be easier :) Thank you, Raymond! Exactly where you said. You'd think that Kickstarter could make it a little more obvious. @Joseph, @David It took me a while to find it. If you go to Joking Hazard's page while logged in (you should be able to see it on a desktop while reading this comment actually) there will be a blue button that says "View pledge" on the right side of the screen. Click that and there should be a tab that says "Survey". I cannot find the backers survey mentioned. Any help?? Where do we find the backer survey? I can't seem to find it & I think I've clicked every damned link on the site. HA! Found it... disregard... For the life of me I can't remember if I filled out my Backer Kit survey. The last update said we can access it from here, but I can't find it anywhere... help?!? @Niklas Christiansson As far as I know, it is not possible to do so. You can always try to get in contact with C&H to be sure. Has anyone else been trying to get 3 decks? I've pledged enough money for the 2x red box AND 1x white reward tiers but there is no way to pick multiple reward tiers what i can se... @Johan Setiabudi I am not sure if it was set to backers only or not when you posted this, but is is set now. So normally only backers kan get to the link. What about Room in the box for sleeves? Makes it easier to shuffle and protects the cards since it could be used as a Party Game.. So everyone, even though they are no a backer, are allowed to have access to the free pdf huh. Well, it is 'free'. While following directions to take the survey, I got the following message under the survey tab, "The survey for this reward hasn't been sent by Cyanide And Happiness yet." Woot! Got the off printed. Just gotta cut them out @Kyle @ Abbey view kickstarter on a computer and click on your image in the top right corner and click view all under backed projects. You will see Joking Hazard under the collected pledges, click that and it will open up and there is a tab for the survey. @Everyone once the survey is completed it closes and you cannot edit it, the only way for it to get fixed would be to contact C&H. I look up my survey and this is what happens after you fill it out - "Responded on Apr 18 2016. This survey is closed. If you still need to change an answer, try sending a message to Cyanide And Happiness ." Survey I mean, not the pleadge. A link to the survey. From what I could tell they sent everyone a email on April 17-19th with a link to the pledge. Just incase you can't find it on the website. I've tried the options some have posted to find the survey, but no luck. When I View Pledge I only see Reward and Message. Any update on the issue? Still cannot find survey. There is no survey tab when I view pledge. So I'm planning on moving within a month or two, how can I change the address if I move before my cards ship out? nevermind. found it! For my fellow backers: go to the project. click manage pledge. navigate to the Survey Tab. Take the survey. I'm in the same boat. can't find the survey link to save my life! Where is the link to the survey? I can't find it worth a damn You guys will still include drinking rules with the game, right? Can you do the Backer Survey on Mobile Devices? I've been looking through just about every tab on here for Joking Hazard and my profile and I can't seem to find it. it wont even let me do the survey Where is the backer survey? Found the backer survey. I'm good thanks. @Marcus - Didn't think to check there. He's right, everyone. Go to the Kickstarter (you're here already, duh), and click on the "View Pledge" button up top. In there is a survey "tab" or sorts. It'll tell you if you've done it already. Just noticed on the PDF file, page 37, bottom left. I think you missed a bit of text on that card In addition @Matthew you can also go to your backed projects and select Joking Hazard and there should be a survey tab. For those wondering if they submitted a survey... you might check your email. The title of the email I got after completing the survey was "Got it! Your survey response has been submitted." Those needing the link to the survey should check their e-mails from the 18th of last month. Awesome Yay!!! Thanks for the update!! Yeah what Nicholas said I'm not sure if I already filled out the backer survey. Anyone have a link? @daniel he said a few hours, but it could be anytime today Is it possible if we get 2 boxes to have them shipped to 2 different locations? @daniel But at what time? @octodad the creator said the pdf will be ready today @yeghig How do you know that there are only a few hours left? Wwop! Survey done feeling exited now. Only downside was having to have it sent to my parents home as I have no clue if I'll be still living where I am currently I'm assuming email with an update telling us Just a few more hours left! Will the link be sent to our emails or will it be posted here as an update?** (Sorry for the below comment) Just a few more hours left! Will the link be sent to our em @Robert : My guess is a cost issue... Manufacturing standard size is probably cheaper for them. In term of available templates, future development for expansion, etc... But hopefully you'll get a better answer from the creator... Square cards would have been awesome! Why ruin the way they look in comic strips?? Updates? If you want proof... People are terribly skeptic apparently... <url>"regular" playing card size is fine. Actually go look at their Kickstarter video, all cards/panels are rectangles Last time I checked it wasn't impossible to fit a square (panel) inside a rectangle (card). I doubt the panels themselves will be rectangle, just placed on a rectangular card which is easier to handle than a square card I am surprised to see this recent revelation that the cards are 2.5x3.5" (i.e. standard 'poker' size). This goes against everything that was advertised in this campaign, and also the spirit of the 'Random Comic Generator' which outputs comics with their traditional square(ish) panels. @bayley the pdf file will have multiple cards per page. That way it doesn't make 350 page sized cards when printed I think you mean cards and if so then it's the whole deck High Five! Free PDF! Roughly how many pages are we looking at here? Is there a specific time 2.5 x 3.5 inches is that size official? Wooo! That's all I have to say, carry on. Cyanide And Happiness Cyanide And Happiness Mar 14 2016 2.5 x 3.5 inches @Avatar of Octodad : Nope. I asked the question to the creator and they say 2.5 x 3.5 @wind The cards are square @maynard i think they said the cards were standard size (not 100% sure) so it should be easy to find some sleeves for them I was wondering if we can get the card dimensions, so we can get card sleeves before hand, or if you guys are gonna offer joking hazard card sleeves on your website?? @creator When is it now scheduled for release? @Cyanide And Happiness Any update on the PDF? @Javier If you click on view pledge and there click on survey it shows what you filled out in the survey (and you can change it there). So I filled out the email I got when the date ended for the kick starter and added my address, is it suppose to update when I hit view pledge? Mette, dry humor not your forté I guess. Perhaps it doesn't translate well in text :) HOLY SHIT!!! THE PDF.. ...IS NOT UP YET!! Oh well, back to work..... @Matthew those of us that have been advising and helping ppl have backed many other projects and are just trying to help those who are new to Kickstarter. @Matthew Sweet Nope I don't :) I work for a Belgian university as an IT guy. How did you get this idea? I just try to help people here. Mette do you work for C&H or...? @David Roy Jr. whoops you are correct, the box choice is for the $60 tier and over. If you pledged the $45 tier you obviously are not going to choose the white box as you would have chosen the $35 tier if you wanted that. @David Roy Jr. Are you sure you pledged the $45 tier and did not pledge the $35 and just up the amount to $45? You can check your tier by either clicking on view pledge on this page or going to <url>"man, I hope the print and play edition comes out this afternoon in time for my board game day!" Then everyone cancelled. So, I guess I'm not super invested in its prompt release any longer? @Mette There was no option to choose what box you wanted in the $45 Red Box Tier. I pledged that tier and there was no option of box during the survey. As far as I know everyone who pledged that tier gets just the red box, no choice. @Shawn Gerbel As far as I know (I did not back that tier), you should have gotten the choice which box color you wanted in the survey. I don't know if you can still change that, but you can check by clicking on "view pledge" and then click on survey (and check if you can change it still). Otherwise, you can try to get a hold of them by clicking on messages and send them a message. So I don't get the Red/Gold box anymore if I filled out the survey? @Chris E Same window, much easier way :) Thanks, I did not know that. You can also check on your backer number by clicking on View Pledge and scroll to the bottom of the new window. Backer order isn't always the way these are done. It makes sense for shipments to geographic areas to reduce costs and simplify the logistics. So backer 1 and backer 1000 may be on the same truck to a distribution center because of the regional location. In this case, backer 1000 may get theirs before backer 2, for example. Since I'm in Dallas with these guys, would be cool to have an option to pick up locally....hint...hint. :) @Chryssta Yeah I expect it to be in backer order as well. You can check your backer order by going to <url>#Iwanttothrowmycardsontopofthebedandrollaroundinthemlikedirtyfilthymoney I want to throw my cards on top of the bed and roll around in them like dirty filthy money. @creator just to clarify, will the pdf be the original 250 cards or the stretch goal 350 cards? #iwanttothrowmycardsalloverthefloorlikeananimal #iwanttothrowthemonthefloor Great, thanks for the update #iwanttothrowmycardsalloverthefloorlikeananimal Oh wait, disregard. Found them! Can we see pics of the red or white boxes before we fill out the survey please? @C&H Can you guys do me a solid and throw all my cards on the floor like an animal before stuffing them into the box for shipment? I'd really appreciate it, thanks. #Iwanttothrowthemonthefloor I want to throw my cards on the floor like the animal I am! I want to throw them on the floor! Iwanttothrowthemonthefloor!! @rob. I sent you guys a message the other day about my pledge level not matching. Please advise. Don;t want to have paid $45 and not get the $45 level. @creator/rob Bahaha, I like the end of that first comment you posted, but what if I wanted to throw all my cards onto the floor like an animal!? There are almost 450 cards once the booster pack/stretch goal is factored in. That's already a fairly large box and accommodating sleeved cards would make it huge. You're delusional if you think this box will be able to accommodate 450 sleeved cards. Just a heads up - there isn't a way to change your chosen box color after you submit the survey. This is the voice of experience :( I finished the survey before I checked the comments, and now i'm stuck with white box rather than the pimpy red/gold one. Cant wait for this game to come out This is so great to hear. Looking forward to playing this. Cant wait for the game! I will be moving before the game comes out though, will I be able to update my address once I know where I will be living? Card sleeves, are you guys serious?..... This is a card game to play with your friends (more than likely while drinking). These cards are going to be high quality like CAH so I feel the sleeves would be complete overkill but hey whatever makes you sleep at night. If you want to treat them as this precious collector’s item I suggest you get the 2 box set, one to play and one to put in your display case with your Pokémon cards. I will play my cards and if anything happens to them (which would take a long time before it does) I'll order another set. I want my cards to get grubby and covered in beer and pish and vinegar. Don't need no stinking card sleeves... "Use this space to cheer the creator along..." You can do it C&H! I believe in you! Go team go! The more you know � Thanks chris @Tim. Yes there are square sleeves... Several sizes of them too. I don't know why people are asking about card sleeves. JH cards are not going to be the same shape as CAH cards, even though they will be manufactured by the same company. the comic panels are square, as I'm sure the cards will be. And as far as I know, square card sleeves don't exist I second the request to: "MAKE SURE THE BOXES HAVE ENOUGH SPACE TO HOLD THE CARDS SLEEVED!" Yes, you can fill it later. You can also fill it now then change it later. Supposedly the creator will tell us when the cards are ready to ship, at the same time, prompting us to confirm our address, so stay tuned i guess. @Chris Baker @Jacob lawson @Michael Murray They will email you the cut-off date for the survey/shipping address a week or a few days before the cut-off date is there. Until that date has passed, you can change the survey/your shipping address as many times as you want. There should be no problem, except if you are moving right at the time when the cut-off date is set (most of the time this is right before shipment begins). Those that need to you came for your questionnaire response if you need to <url>#faq_63017 Good morning gents. I will more than likely be moving house before the cards ship. Can I not fill out the survey later? I am also going to be moving soon hope there is some way to move the shipping address later. @creator: I'm going to be moving within the next month. Is there any there any chance that I can move the address for shipping from my contribution to the new house? If so, how do I do it? For the love of all things holy: MAKE SURE THE BOXES HAVE ENOUGH SPACE TO HOLD THE CARDS SLEEVED! @bayley, The PDF coming out early means they finished the card design early, And that is why they will be able to ship the game early too. @Mette I have faith in C&H. Worst case scenario it takes a while to fix, if it even is an issue. Either way, can't wait! @John Harrington I hope so too. To be honest, I am sure you are not the only one. I don't think it is super clear what you are supposed to do to up your pledge tier. The amount is easy to see, but it is easy to miss you have to select and other tier to the left of the screen and by default it keeps the old tier checked. @Mette I had to click on the new tier back in March when I upgraded. Contacted C&H. Hopefully they respond on here to the countless messages I'm sure they get. @John Harrington Check the tier you are in via the link <url>"Cyanide And Happiness" next to the green guy at the top and select "Contact me". This will private message them about this. Perhaps they can help you change your pledge tier. @Mette I had originally pledged $35. Then on March 8th, when they came out with a pic of the box and said you could upgrade to the $45 tier, I did that. @Mette. Hope so. Just curious if anyone else has a similar issue of reward level @John Harrington Now I come to think of it. Did you select the $45 tier or did you just up your pledge to $45, but still selected the $35 tier. If you did this, you won't get the red box and you paid $45 for the $35 tier. You can check this on this page: <url>"You selected". @John Harrington You will get both the Blast From The Past! add-on and a red box for the $45 tier. @Javier Matus You need to fill out the survey to enter your address. You should have gotten an email titled "Response Needed! Get your reward for backing Joking Hazard." Follow the link there or normally you should have a message at the top of the page which complains about you having to fill out a survey (if you did not fill it out). Otherwise - go to: <url>"Survey" inside that box. I backed at $45 (shows up as $45) but it is saying I'm getting Blast From The Past!, not the Red Box Edition. Anyone know how to correct this? I hit view pledge there's no spot to enter my address do I have top wait till a certain time or am I just missing it completely Do you Think the PDF is the reason were getting the cards early Early comments confirm that they are sending them out earlier than expected Hey, if they released the survey, does that mean they're ahead of the expected shipment schedule? @Tim That is very true. I didn't realize what the $60 one was when you mentioned it. That one was suppose to be a $10 off deal for the white boxes but I guess they didn't want any more backlash if they added a Two Red Box deal for $80 or something. I'm basing my calculations off of Cards Against Humanity but that game was $25 and they didn't even have full colour pictures on the cards. So $45 dollars for the full game and expansion pack plus an exclusive design that says I was on of the first is a really good deal in my honest opinion. I feel like the $75 tier was there to force people to accept the $45, $60, or $100 one because they know they were being ripped off. You input an address in the survey You go to view pledge This is my first kickstarter project ever, when and how do I give my address for what I pledged (Applause) I picked the red and white box because it reminded me of my four ex-wives. Their boxes were all white, except red a few days every month. Thank you for your input guys. I paid for the higher tier and since white is the standard color when it goes on sale, I'll opt in for the red one. @Chase I'm not sure if you backed at the $45 tier or not but it did not come with a choice of what color box you wanted. That tier is for the red box. There is no choice with that tier. That is the tier that I had backed at and did not receive a choice with my survey. You back for the red box with that tier so you get the red box, no choice. For people wondering about the box color choices here you go: if you paid for just the basic box you get a white box, if you paid for the $45 box you can choose to receive either the red box or the white box. The white box is the standard way the box will look when it is available for sale outside of Kickstarter while the red box is a kick starter exclusive version, the only difference between the two is their color. If you paid $60 for 2 boxes you can choose both to be red, 1 to be red and 1 to be white, or both white. Any tier $45 and above gives you the choice to pick the color of your box(es). Picking red and white will not give you a red/white zebra striped box or anything like that, it simply means 1 red and 1 white box. @andy, red is more expensive, but with the higher tiers it gets more of a better deal. I honestly think that the white box looks cooler. @creator red or white box? You know what i hope its june! That way its early and right after the pdf! This user's account has been deleted. @Alfie you can still fill out the survey now. They will issue another update around the time of shipping for people to update their surveys if they need to by then. You will get a link in the confirmation email of the survey to edit your address. Thanks avatar of octodad for sticking up for me @creator: Is the shipping almost starting or is the surveys very early? (which messes with stuff if people move...) (I'm at the $45 level) What type of shipping is used? Courier or post office? (A PO Box won't work for a courier and my physical address for the post office ends up a mess since, unlike the post office with my PO Box, the post office in my home address's area is almost never open except when I'm at work...) @creator I'll need a little more time to confirm where my shipping address will be (currently living in a non-shipping area, looking for a friend's address in the US). Is there a deadline for the reward survey??? @brian Then hopefully it will be July or something. Lol oops I read that as being 31 days Oh @Octodad ... They said "@Bayley At this point we can only give you a hint: the release month has between 29 and 32 days in it." That means the month has 30 or 31 days...in other words not February as that is the only month with less(28/29)...but i hope it's before August @creator It would also be cool to include a printable mat. Also, @creator, Will the PDF have the expansions and/or the blank cards? @mette You are helpful. I'm just pointing out that there are people who talk just as much as (or more than) bayley and all the hate speech about it is uncalled for. @mette You are helpful. I'm just pointing out that there are people who talk just as much as (or more than) bayley and all the hate speech about it is uncalled for. Also, my guess is that the month is August as it could not be May because that is their late estimate for the PDF, and October seems too close to their original estimate that it would be November, because they said it was way sooner than expected. @ Avatar of Octodad Most of the time I try to be helpful (and I hope I more or less am) except for in the beginning when I was not too happy with certain things. I hope I am not as annoying for people thinking otherwise as I was back then. @Ricardo Bonilla There was no way to get 2 times the same tier (except if you used an other account). I hope for you you did or you just paid a lot of money for the $45 tier (if they don't use a pledge manager). A lot of people who talk as much as bayley are going unnoticed in comments such as | like mette | V This user's account has been deleted. So assuming it's not December, farther than they expected, it's October August or May. Although at the $45 tier, you are paying $15 more per box then if you go for the $60 and get 2 games. So it still works out the same as paying $20 per mat when you go to the $100 level for the $45 Touché Ricardo. I didn't take the $45 tier into account as it on its own is a bit of a rip So it'll be released tomorrow?;) Hey creator are you able to give a example of which month your aiming to send them out @Tim the math is simple. $45 got you the redbox and booster pack. If you get two than its 90$. I paid $100 and I got two redboxes two booster packs and two mats. The sixty dollar and seventy five tiers are rip offs Random comic generator.... Best thing that's ever happened to me in my life � got the survey! cool. When is the shipment date as of now expected? everyone keeps saying different answers. <url>| V Wow, a lot of you guys complained about “when am I going to get the survey” but now after you received it your further complaining that you’re going to move. Relax, once they are ready for shipment a final confirmation email will go out (they already confirmed that this will happen). Man I really feel bad for some of your guys parents they must have hated dealing with all this whining when you didn’t get what you wanted. I’m sure I’ll get blasted for this but I could care less because I’ll still get the game eventually and I’ll be happy. Remember patience is a virtue…. @ricardo that math doesn't work. $60 tier gave 2 boxes. $75 tier gains you a mat and loses you 1 box. $100 tier gives 2 games and 2 mats. So that works out to $30 for 1 mat or or $40 for 2. Only way you paid $10 for a mat is if you and a buddy went in on this and you're making him pay $10 more than you. @Robert I paid ten dollars for two mats. I pledged for the two box combo, delivered to Australia. Is there a way to get one box delivered to Australia and one to the US (without my paying ridiculous prices to ship it back there myself)? @ Tim Perfect explanation, hopefully they will read it, but I guess not :) @ LimbusGames I don't think there will be a pledge manager. I do think they will miss out on extra sales like this and I don't remember for sure where I got this from, but I am quite sure there won't be a pledge manager. Ya know, I still want the game mat, but I am not willing to pay 30 dollars for some mat. Hoping that the survey that went out means a sooner than listed ship date :-) Can't wait to play this. @Mark Lamprey & @Sean Wells - your confirmation email from completing the survey contains a link which will allow you to update your address. Won't there be a pledge manager? I would like to pledge some more! For the 2 box tiers the options for red/red, white/white, red/white means you have the option for 2 red and gold boxes, 2 retail (white) boxes, or 1 red & gold and 1 white retail box respectively. As for shipping addresses. The creator has already stated that you can change your address as many times as you want until they ship. Also, they will send out reminders to update you shipping info right before shipping. Hope this satisfies some questions. Not that it matters cause someone else will not read this and ask the same questions all over again. Hi. Have a little problem. I am moving in the next couple months and was wondering if, when its confirmed is it ok to tell you my new address so you can send it to my correct address. Thanks Mark Lamprey If the current Delivery date hold true, I will be moving before the date. How will I update my address? Since we had to fill a questioner with shipping info, those that mean it is shiping sooner ? Has any one had a response about the box question in survey? @Danielle Spence-Tidd As far as I understand, you can. I only have pledged for 1 deck, so i can't see the options, but apparently you can choose: Red/Red (2 red boxes with gold) Red/White (1 Red and 1 White box) White/White (2 white boxes) So if you choose Red/White, you will be able to tell yours apart from your friends. Also, will it include the 20 blank cards? @creator Is the pdf going too include expansions? Wish I could get two different colors for my two deck pack so I could TELL mine apart from my friend's. Maybe add sample of how colors look on survey too so backers can make educated decision? So where can I get the PDF I backed it Wish I could get two different colors for my two deck pack so I could mine apart from my friend's. Darn, I wish I can update my pledge for the two deck option. I didn't know it came with two red decks! I know my shipping address will change between now and November, but I do not know what my new address will be. Can that be updated after the survey is submitted or should I just wait to submit it until I know my address? I believe if your ordered two decks, "red and red" means two red decks (with the gold lining as the KS exclusive), "red and white" means one of each, and "white and white" means two white decks. They didn't make more than the two deck color choices so this is likely what the box choice survey means. Hi, can you give us more details about the colors we're choosing on the survey? I feel as if I'm blindly choosing right now. I got the question what color box did I want. Red/white red/red or white/white. I don't understand exactly what that means. Does it mean that the exclusive $60 pledged double deck will be a red and a white box or that both boxes will be colored red and white or will the boxes be pure of heart (white) or just pure evil (red) or a mix of both so you can host you're very own "end of days" mock battle in your living room? We do not know the shipping dates as of yet. The survey, which was sent out recently, just means we are one set closer to showing how terrible of people we are. Sit tight and check for and update email. They will let us know when they are shipping them out. I just filled out the survey. Does that mean they're almost ready to ship it? I just got the email to give my address. When are these shipping out? Your welcome Thank you. Steven , there playing a joke the pdf isn't out yet Ok, I'm a little confused. I chose the two deck tier and just completed the survey. I see people posting about a pdf version. I went back through my emails and I don't see anything. How does one access the pdf version? @Tyler Flaherty There normally is a cut-off date, but usually this is set very closely to them shipping the product. Usually you will get an email about this and you still have 48 hours to change your address, so normally everything should be fine. Before the cut-off date, you can change your address as many times as you want like @Nur Aisyah Ong is saying. When inputting my New Zealand shipping address, I get a message saying that the address couldn't be found. It still let me confirm it as my address, but it makes me a bit uneasy. Will there be problems shipping to me in NZ? @Tyler Flaherty You can update your address any number of times between the survey and the actual ship date. how heavy do yall think the cards are? I'm opting for dropshipping as its cheaper so I'm hoping for an educated estimate. I kind of did a comparison with CAH but idk the box tho. I am moving in 2 months (don't know address yet). Anyone know how long the survey is open, or if we can change addresses later? I'm so looking forward to this I don't think I can contain myself. Michael , your best chance of getting the red box is to message the creator Can we change box color after selection? I chose white & white, but I think I'd prefer 1 red box now. I tried updating, but it stays as white & white. Vance , are you teasing me WWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO This user's account has been deleted. Do we respond to the survey if we plan on moving before November? You can choose different coloured boxes I have pretty much the same question that everyone else is asking. If we ordered two can we choose different colors for each? Also some pics or examples would be awesome. Thanks guys! Does the color of the box affect what's in it? There's pictures showing rewards on the main campaign page that show white boxes and red boxes. I assume this is their example of red and white :) I haven't read through the comments, but are there pics of the box color choices? And if we ordered two decks, can we order two different colors of boxes? And can your box color choice be changed? Yeah probably So i see it says november. .. But they just asked for my address.. Should i expect it earlier then november?? I wonder if we're gonna get it in May or June Red and white? Your riddles arnt right. Red and red? You make me brain dead. Explain you must, as I lack foresight. Where is the FREE PDF download? Come on guys, the original expected ship date was November.... Why so ignorantly impatient? Red and Red OR white and white mean box 1 and box 2. in regards to the two deck combo survey So, the red & white, red & red, white & white option means do I want the red KS box and the white retail box, 2 red KS boxes, or 2 white retail boxes, correct? What does Red & White look like compared to all Red or all White? What is the option for the red and gold box? I only see red/red, red/white. Hey guys just a quick question. When we were paying for the project did they ask for a phone number. Really? The Pdf only has the original 250 cards. No stretch goals, expansions or boosters? Sad, but still a good distraction till the hard copy comes. Thanks guys! Hey creator how many cards are in the pdf Was Matthew trying to trick us These PDF cards are not bad, appreciate the expansion being included. Thanks creator \(°~°)/ Just making a quick grammar correction , when I said we are getting it earlier I was referring to us getting our hand held cards sooner than expected Hey creator is the reason your sending the survey next week because of the constant questions surrounding it or are we getting it a lot earlier than what we originally thought @Avatar I don't see why it wouldn't but that would be up to the creator themselves on what they are willing to give us in the PDF. Some projects I have backed have given expansions and extra exclusives or cards and even game box designs to make our own box. But it is ultimately up to the creator on what they are willing to give us in the PDF. Or the 20 cards that you can add your own thing? But will it include the expansion boosters? Epic! only used half the cards @Bayley usually the PDFs of any game that's on Kickstarter is usually every card that is game. Also creator how many cards will be included in this pdf Hey creator , I'm guessing there releasing their survey early because of the constant talk of the survey @PJ They will send a survey in a week or so to your email. There you will put your shipping address to wherever you are Hey C&H, Will I have an opportunity to update my shipping info? I had to move to a new place and definitely don't want it mailed to my old one.. And I can't find anywhere to do it here on Kickstarter! I could just be a noob on this site, actually I really am, you're the first one I've contributed towards. Anyways, congrats and I hope you can help! PJ Ok, I am completely wrong then ;-) That's an early survey, but most people here will be happy and will be reassured. I guess he means me :). I have a tendency to not being able to be clear when I type. Certainly not in a non-native language. I meant that you don't have to worry about the survey. The survey is as important for C&H as it is for you as they need the info to send out the cards. They will send out the survey when the production of the cards is close to being finished (and I would expect it to take an other 4 to 5 months or so). Johan , do you mean me I'm having trouble understanding the last part of your sentences Hey guys I know you've hated my constant commenting but hear me out on this. What if the creators play a full game of joking hazard and upload it to their YouTube channel. I would love to see them play it one week instead of an animation and play like an hour long game Ok I searched for a big kickstarter to compare to (in fact, the biggest as far as backers go). For Exploding kittens (200 000+ backers) I got my survey on May 28th 2015 and I got an email that the shipping was starting on July 30th 2015, so I guess it is possible they will send the survey in September or something (so 2 months beforehand). exploding kittens started in january 2015 to give you an idea with their expected shipping being july 2015 (which I did not expect them to get, yet they did). Just to give you an idea that it is normal for kickstarters to take some time before sending out the survey. So no worries, you will get the survey in time. Without the survey, they can not send you your cards as they don't know where to send them to. They know this is important information and there is no way they will forget to send out the survey. The survey will be sent out when it is time to send it out. Ok... I take it from reading the comments that I'm not the only one who hasn't gotten a survey yet. Good to know :) <url>"The Sandlot" :) @david Yeah, I just wanted to make sure. Today on JHCS: still more drama... And Bayley finally stopped talking @Avatar can't you see he was just trolling everyone. If everyone had received it you would have known by more than one person. Try not being so gullible next time. @Andrew they have not sent out the surveys or anything for us to provide our shipping details, so there is no need to change or update an address for shipping as we have not provided them with that information yet because they have not sent out the surveys for us to give it to them yet. @creator I was wondering if I am able to change shipping address in the coming months *What he commented: "Not only did I get the survey AND the pdf, but I got the full blown game as well!!! Helps to live in the Dallas area same as the Creators." @jim @mette Yes, but @george said he already received the pdf, which we would have all received if released * correction Of course I meant: As people tend to move. As you can see, English is not my native language and I am quite tired as well. Ninja'd ;) @Avatar The survey DOES have relation to where you live as it will ask for the address where they need to ship the cards to. As people tend to move houses, it is better to send the survey as closely as possible to when the cards are ready to ship. @Octodad: The survey DOES relate to where you live since it involves shipping costs for those overseas and is used to generate shipping labels so need to know shipping address at the time the product is finally ready to ship. As for the PDF, Creator has stated that they plan on having it done by late April/early May. Not sure, but they may have had to draw more panels to fill out the stretch goals we obtained, and they also had to work on formatting and layout for the printer. KickStarters tend to be sort of a side-job for the creators as they continue with their normal lives and work schedules, with the obligations of the KickStarter added on top. This is not their sole focus at the moment, they are trying to fit it in to any spare cycles they have. @George Shouldn't everyone have gotten the survey and pdf at least, since it is sent by email and should have no relation to where you live? I honestly can't wait to ruin friendships, traumatize acquaintances, and all around be social with this game. @Samuel & @Jim, thanks! I just wasn't sure if it was said already and I missed it. I play cards against humanity with my friends all the time and when I told them about this they all went insane for it because we all love C&H. Cannot wait to try this out. Not only did I get the survey AND the pdf, but I got the full blown game as well!!! Helps to live in the Dallas area same as the Creators. /jokinghazardoff I forgot, who pleased the king? This guy below me knows what I'm talking about. OMG I just got a survey! Not about this Kickstarter, something about shopping habits. :-P Do you know what will make comment section bustling again? "HEY GUYS, I JUST GOT AN EMAIL WITH A PDF ATTACHED!!" <-- this @Joe and @Samuel - Yup, as of April 3rd they stated that they were planning on having the PDF done around late April/early May. Straight from the horse's mouth: <url>#comment-12934762 @ Joe if I remember right I think they said they're shooting for late April or early May for the PDF. Obviously I'm just playfully trolling buddy :) I wouldn't call it entertaining, I think it would stop a lot of creators from ever doing a kickstarter again, but maybe that's just me. Btw, there is nothing wrong with the way Joe asks his question, I think it is a lot more civilized then what I see most of the time. @ Joe I am sure they will send out an update when there is something to update us about. VV See how entertaining that is? VV Has anyone heard anything on a printable version of the game yet? I know it takes time to design all of the cards and the actual production of the finished project but i was wondering about trying the game out with the printable version a little sooner. An update would be nice but i'm sure they are swamped with everything already. @Mette: Nonsense. Their impatience is quite entertaining. Please everyone, continue. °^° I think you will need to wait at least 4 to 5 more months for the survey, probably more (November is 7 months out). I would sugest to learn to have some patience in the meantime ;). Hope we get the e-mails for getting our copies soon When do we get the survey It's time for a new update...... The FAQ for on the Campaign page is for Frequently Asked Questions specific to this project. KickStarter has their own FAQ for general questions relating to the KickStarter project, and the link is at the bottom of every KickStarter page. Following that link and clicking the "Getting Rewards" link will take you here: <url>#GettRewa Yes first kickstarter indeed, but I am not one to completely ask daily about 'where are my cards' just patiently wait for the survey to come out so you can give them your mailing address. Jeez some people. @Roscoe Simmons I am sorry. I am not a native English speaker, so I guess there are some errors in my sentenses. They surveys will be sent out closer to November. People keep asking about the surveys so maybe it is a good idea for the creators to put this in the FAQ. I guess this is a lot of people's first kickstarter (which is nice to see). @Raymond all I've seen is that the November shipping date includes any possible setback, so the shipping date could very well be much earlier. Has anyone herd anything about them bringing the shipping date foward? Is it still late november? Wait I mis read the post before me I thought they were sending Surveys sorry I never got my Survey yet @Daniel W Shen You did not send them your shipping address yet. They will send a survey closely to when the cards are ready to sent out. In that survey you will be able to give them your shipping address. Everything will be fine. Ah, butt hurt, what a lovely quaint phrase... Daniel W Shen: hmmm, don't think they've asked for a shipping address yet, so you're all good... I need to change my shipping address. Please let me know how I can do this. Ev'rybody have fun tonight Ev'rybody have fun tonight Ev'rybody Wang Chung tonight Ev'rybody have fun tonight Ev'rybody Wang Chung tonight Ev'rybody have fun What song? Who wants to Huang Chung tonight? Lol Terrible joke but now that song is in your heads. @Freedom Huang @octodad, no problem. I'm just giving you crap. It's all in fun. @owen yeah them butt hurt people probably need some lube, they keep taking it dry.....never ends well I am not sure if everyone has seen the Political Suicide Kickstarter yet but I'm sure some of you who are interested in this may be interested in that as well. I recently backed it and thought I'd let others know. @brettvergin I was overreacting, sorry @Bálint Péter We will get the survey when the cards are almost ready to send out (so more towards November is my guess). There is no reason for sending the survey right now as the address info can change for some people before the cards are ready. The closer the survey is sent before the actual shipment, the better. Burger is it! Thanks guys. @Brett Vergin: You seem to have misunderstood what I said. This place LACKS community. Too many butt hurt people here, complaining about the chatting, saying that it is not what comment sections are for. @Jacob: The answer is always Bacon Cheeseburger Tonight on KickstarterTV, a 5 hour marathon of JHCS And @bayley all I have for you is...........................................................................................another comment 15 min to 45 min from now haha @owen stop being a Debbie downer, it's a comment section about a game that's meant to be offensive in a funny way. Take it with a grain of salt and have fun on here. Joking around makes the comment section worth while. Otherwise you may have to join @octodad in the safe place as well if you're offended. @justin can't go wrong with a bacon cheeseburger and @mette thank you for being the most informative and helpful person on here, much appreciated. Hey guys, When do we receive the survery about the shipping address and stuff? I didn't received it and as I remember it was supposed to come a bit after the project deadline... Hey! I didn't come to this comment section for ransom chatter. I want to know something important. I can't make up my mind between a Cobb salad, bacon cheese burger, or chicken cacciatore. First one to make it up for me, will get a thank you, as I call it me enjoying my dinner tonight. But if you pick incorrectly. We can't be friends. This comment section, unfortunately, doesn't seem to have the community that the Exploding Kittens one has(we are still going over a year after the campaign ended, just chatting with each other). It definitely makes the wait during the campaign, after the campaign pre-reward receiving, and post-receiving a lot more entertaining. Tim , I apologise @bayley I'm not saying it's a bad thing to talk. I'm purely making observations and making sad attempts at humour with them Hello good citizens of the comment section! Aw late april early may :/. I'm leaving on a two month trip late April. Was hoping to play it before then or even have a printed set to bring with me. Oh well thanks for the update. @Eric Scheid The survey will be sent when the cards are ready to ship. You haven't filled out an address, so they can't send it to the worng one anyway. I don't understand why its a bad thing to talk in a comment section Please make a survey so I'm able to update my address. I moved to a new location and don't want the items shipped to the wrong address. Oh, and octodad say f*ck this sh!t, I'm out This time on JHCS: Owen reminds us all what the comment section is for and Bayley continues to talk Wow...I haven't popped into here since the campaign ended, and I see that some people don't like random conversations in the comment section. There is nothing that says you can't use it for making friends. Hell, right beside the box to type in, it even says: Use this space to cheer the creator along, ask questions, and talk to your fellow backers. Please remember to be respectful and considerate. Thanks! So...there isn't anything about not going off topic, it even says to use it to talk to fellow backers. I would have hated to see those that hate random conversation over on the other one that I visit and chat in daily. Been a year since the campaign ended, and even during the campaign we were chatting about anything and everything. *mic drop* Hey Daryl why did you try and start an argument you knew you weren't gonna win Cue mortal Kombat music Round two, fight. Well, is it benign? And I'd name my asshole , Daryl If I did have a tumor, I’d name it Bayley. �� When Brett vergin finished his comment I just imagined him dropping the mic Freeman Huang Your trying to hard for jokes @tim ��✋���lol It's called joking around on a Kickstarter in the comment section of a game that jokes around. Don't be so serious or offended. The game will do that enough. Plus if your offended or bother by a pooping comment this game is probably not for you and you should probably go to a safeplace @octodad Actually, poop was a theoretical topic of conversation early on in relation to the creators fulfilment company contracts *@brettvergin Also, it would be nice to eliminate comments that have nothing to do with the thread. @brettvegen. I think that they should start releasing more updates so the comment stream is cut down by at least 17% Today on JHCS, will @Bayley be sued for to much comments? Or will our comments get removed by the creator? I have to poop Here we go Does anyone have an idea of when they'll send this out? Wait, people still come on here and post? I, myself, find it quite entertaining Yeah I guarantee the creator is laughing their asses of at our comments Oops, that was supposed to be lol @freeman Lol @christopher This week on JHCS (Joking Hazard Comment Section): Bayley gets basted for commented too much and people complain about nothing in general Hey C&H, just wondering if in addition to the cards in the PDF, will there also be a PDF of the mat? Any chance I will be seeing you all at Pax East? Why watch reality TV when we could just look at the comments? Any word on if the booster pack will either a) fit in the box or b) not be an actual "booster pack" and be packaged in a separate deck storage box like CAH? Need to know if it's necessary to buy a storage box for the booster pack. I'm gonna laminate my printable cards @Benjamin - many tabletop games on KS offer a full PnP version, either free or at a significant discount from the base game. Doesn't mean no one will pledge for the actual game; most people don't have the patience to print out an entire game and cut/assemble it so it's playable (i.e. more than just printing it on plain white paper on your home computer). Not to mention the cost associated with printing out hundreds of cards and the fact that you don't get a proper box or anything to store them in. The just as planned one should be a red card Two ideas for cards: - Green guy asks blue guy "Oh yeah? Where's the evidence?" - Red- or yellow-shirted guy looks at the other two through a monitor and goes "Ha ha ha! Just as I planned!" I'm only a kid , I have no intention of making an ass of anyone. I'm sorry if I'm being an "ass" to you @Bayley, I would assume (with the full intention of making an "ASS" of "U" and "ME") that the pdf will contain the same number of cards said to be in the basic box. it would be nice if it included the boosters as well but then why would anyone spring for the higher backing amounts if they could just print the cards instead. *****DISCLAIMER***** "THIS INFORMATION IS BASED PURELY ON THE WAY I VIEW LOGIC" I didn't mean if stop all together 5 hours creator , how many cards will be in the pdf I'll apoligise for my constant comments I'll stop Thank you for the update :) Come for the Kickstarter, stay for the ridiculously entertaining comment section. Who needs to pay for TV when there's a soap opera right here I don't really care about weekly updates. I just want an ETA of when the PDF will be out. Te Kickstarter made it seem like it would be out pretty quickly and the fact that it's not is fine but it would be nice to know when to expect it by. @Daryl I 100% agree with you, I'd say @Bayley is on the level of a mosquito with the Zika virus It was already stated that the pdf is coming out in November it was repeated numerous tomes since the campaign ended. @Bayley Jesus, man. You're like a gnat. Please, please, please give it a rest. I hope they have more than 20 cards in the PDF I'm here for the comments @Samuel. When I read your comment my mind panned over to an image of the creators lighting dollar bills on fire to light cards on fire to light cigars while laughing away at a strip club. They've had not even a month considering they had to (presumably) create 100 more cards after all of the challenges were completed. Let's all chill out, I'm sure they're doing everything in their power to complete the game as soon as possible They've had almost 2 months to get it done I can't believe the pdf still isn't up And it's comments like Matthews that makes me want a like button on here I want to laugh but I know I'm one of those backers Why would I need updates at all when we have 2 or 3 backers writing novel-length opinions every 1-2 days? \(°•°)/ The only thing that will happen when they start pushing a finished kickstarter in their animations each week is that people who did not back the kickstarter will start to unsubscribe to their youtube channel or at least will stop watching the animations. They pushed the kickstarter more then enough so the people who are interested in backing the kickstarter already did. Updates will come when they are ready. Ok � @Bayley: chill <url>"B**ch" is my sweet card C&H - thank you for replying to let everyone know you're still with us (lol)! I agree with others about every 3-4 weeks for substantive updates. I wouldn't mind a goofy, random update here or there...like a card someone on staff just loves or feels particularly attached to (I.e. In Cards Against Humanity, "****." is my sweet card. It can be played for virtually every possible scenario!). I think the 3-4 weeks timeline is ideal but if you go longer and offer a more substantive update I would still be happy. I've been telling all my friends (who didn't back the campaign after me trying to convince them) about the game and we all can't wait to play! Looking forward to updates in the future and an awesome finished product! Updates every 3-5 weeks depending on what is going on is plenty for me. You can never find that happy medium because some people want a lot of updates and some people just don't. If you update us with milestones and production delay information as soon as possible, you'll be ahead of 90% of the other Kickstarters out there. When can we expect the PDF file? Estimated delivery was listed as in November, which based on my experience is likely to mean somewhere between October to next March. Some have speculated it could be earlier, but i'd rather not get too excited without an official word on the matter. As long as there is nothing throwing a spanner into the works, unless there is something meaningful to communicate, any other updates are basically fluff anyways. They are nice to see, but in more cases than not, I see an e-mail telling me there is a kickstarter update, and nothing earth-shattering is provided. Honestly as long as i get my product and they get their money and all of us have a blast either making it or playing it then im happy and i could care less! The whole point of this is to help someone acheive their dream goal of making a game that works and is very fun thats all that matter! So go ahead and take your time to make everything perfect i look forward to hearing from you when its time to ship and when its time to play! What I've seen work well on cards and card based games is try for 3 to 4 weeks if nothing else has happened with a hey we're still working the process. And these mile stones but not more frequently than once a week: Artwork is finalized Art is accepted by the printer Printer sends proofs to you You get proofs with your opinions and any problems You've accepted and finalized proof and artwork You get a scheduled production run date/time Decks are produced/packaging Decks are being shipped to distribution network Anticipated arrival at various fulfillment centers One week warning before sending surveys All surveys sent Possibly up to 2 times the week after all surveys have been sent to remind folks they haven't responded, and when the deadline is. fulfillment reports all games shipped by/region if not very simultaneous a month or 2 after final shipment goes out to say howdy 3-6 months post project just to check in and solicit feedback. Note the updates surrounding the surveys should violate the no more than once a week guideline. If 2 updates happen in a week or even close to a 3week/month milestone most folks won't stress mentioning them all in one update. And all this goes out the window if there is a delay. people will be anxious and crazy in the comment section if there is a delay and more frequent even "OMG the printer went belly up and a tornado destroyed all originals of the artwork we'll let you know when we have a plan to recover but we're just trying to cope right now." updates can go a long way to putting people at ease. and of course don't abandon the comment section if people remain active here. Sorry for the brain dump but that's what I've seen work well with anxious backers in the past. @Mette I certainly do prefer them working on the project as well. I can assure you that taking a picture of a coffee and add a quote take litterally 5 min to 10 min max and it will be enough to make that connection. So it is not a time issue... it is a philosophy issue. Spoiling 3 to 5 cards out of 450 is negligeable. I like that you are on the creator side because it shows you have empathy and it is a great quality that is lacking in our society. The creator could benefit having the same quality for the backers too. This is more advice than complaints... I just see couple of post of people complaining and I know it could take them a small investment of energy to get a big return on people satisfaction. If this is not their philosophy well it should be. Who don't want to invest a little to get big return ?!? I suggest the book The Small Big: Small Changes That Spark Big Influence. @Sylvain Sure, I understand and I like it when they do that as well. But the fact is that for most of the projects that I backed, this is not the case. I don't think it is mandatory for them to do this, they have plenty of work as is (also, I was replying on his once per week update cycle, I do think once per month should be very feasible). The thing is that they are probably working on the extra cards and maybe they don't want to spoil those (I really don't want to see all the cards before I have the game to be honest). I do agree that people want to be connected to the creator and that regular updates help with this. The thing is that not everybody works like this and complaining about it in the comments won't help. Pledging for a kickstarter is a long drawn out process of waiting and although I do agree updates are nice, I rather have them working on the actual product then putting their time into updates to be completely honest. @Mette : I still think that the creator could learn more about what crowdfunding is all about. I think they are kind of afraid of transparency because they think it will make them look bad or vulnerable but from my perspective KS is all about this. People want to be part of the project not just buyers (anyway people that are still following the comments section). I take less than an 1 hour per two-three weeks to put update. It DOESN'T need to be critical information. It could be a picture of the working session about the new cards... It could be a personal story about how things are working... A preview of one card... People are excited and want to feel connected with the creator ! It is that simple. It could even be a picture of a cup of coffee saying : Fuel on caffeine working hard on the project ! Keep post guys it's coming ! May be just a post in the comments section with a link to their facebook... and keep bigger announcement for the updates. CONNECT WITH PEOPLE... Is that simple !!! @Bayley I understand, but there is not that much to learn. Just wait until they send out the survey, then wait until they send out the cards, then wait until you receive the cards. Every other extra thing (like updates/photos) is a nice touch, but a lot of the projects don't really do this and as long as people get their product, it is not really necessary. I am sure everything will be fine. They are working on the cards and they have plenty of time to finish/print them. I understand why people want updates as most of us are very exited for the cards and for a lot of you it is your first kickstarter (and a lot of people are not good in waiting), but the fact is that most kickstarters are just waiting until you get your product. These things take time to create and to manufacture (especially with this amount of backers). Let them work on the cards (btw, this is not their full time job as far as I know) and they will come by and update us with some cool info if the time is right (and if they don't it is not the end of the world either). I was thinking every 2-3 weeks would be good for updates. Agreed that updates every 3-4 weeks would be nice Metre , I trust them im just a little paranoid as its my first kickstarter and I'm only just learning the basics <url>"regular" 2 boxes pledge. From the $60 pledge on you will be able to choose the color of box you want. Is there a way to change from two regular box pledge to red box KS pledge...guess I elected the wrong one. It's a card game. I don't think you need weekly updates. And there is going to be adjustments since the scale of the project is totally different than originally spec'd. And they added an extra 100 + cards. You gonna create them, draw them.. etc. Relax people. @Creator I think updates when they are significant are good enough...none of this every week to stop progress stuff...do them when you feel you should...don't let the game suffer because people are impatient I agree with Great Mountain, monthly is fine, with timely updates for delays and suchlike. Sometimes even just the creator leaving a couple of honest comments here is enough, when something needs clarifying but perhaps doesn't require a full update. Weekly is too frequent. I mentioned before, the sweet spot is about 3 weeks. @Anthony Co The survey's will come closer to when the cards are ready to send out. It doesn't make that much sense to send them out right now as there is a lot of time for things to change (people who move for example) before the cards are sent out. @Bayley If you have that little trust in them, why did you back their kickstarter? Hey are the survey's out yet? I haven't gotten mine I think weekly updates are good for assuring us that your working on it If anyone really needs frequent updates: <url>"Especially as a small company you should keep your supporters up to date. I wont support JM anymore just because of the lack of updates." There are (bigger) companies I would make an exception for at least monthly updates because I know these companies are going to deliver. One of them is Cyanide & Happiness, the other is Q-Workshop. It are companies from which I know they are going to succeed in what they are planning. Those 2 companies had both projects I backed blindly, and then checked what it was exactly. In my eyes a kickstarter project should have at least monthly updates. Even if there is nothing to say, say something like: "We are still working on the images." In my opinion there are enough updates for this project (expecting one in about 2 weeks) From my KS experience, an update every 3 weeks is about the sweet spot. It's enough to let backers know the Creators are still engaged, and not too frequently enough to be annoying. I can already tell that this is gonna be great We can't wait to try your game guys! It will be awesome I think they should focus on creating the cards instead of using their time to write things down/taking pictures, but yeah. Maybe monthly, but weekly will be a lot of updates. It is still 26 weeks or so until November. People complained about the 29 updates in 30 days before (which is the most I have seen on all my kickstarters in that amount of time as far as I know). While I don't mind frequent updates and I understand why people want this, it will not speed up the process of creating the cards (on the contrary) and it will not speed up you having the cars in your hands. Each week would be like 2 pages of pictures and information regarding the status of the cards Yes! Does anyone else think a weekly update would be a good idea Okay, maybe I should have clarified rather than just cut and pasted. When someone says KS messages they usually mean that you click The creator box in the upper right and then send a message with the Contact Me button. It is entirely possible if not probably that no one is monitoring the comments section. The thing is people keep asking questions that were already answered. Maybe they mean new questions that have not already been asked half a dozen times. Yep that's the one @Bayley: I think you mean... “Hey guys! We will give you updates throughout the process of developing the game. Expect the first one in a couple weeks! Our first priorities will be getting the card designs print-ready and getting that PDF version up, which both go hand in hand. At this moment the C&H guys are taking a much needed break from animation production (their first one in over 2.5 years of weekly shorts). Our kickass assistant Trisha will continue answering your KS messages in the mean time. Mar 14 2016 on Joking Hazard I'm just saying if you look at their previous comments there is one that says that there we will be someone who will be answering our questions For everybody not liking this kind of radio silence, I would recommend not backing any other kickstarter after this one, because most of the kickstarters are like this. There is more then half a year of time before they need to deliver the cards. They have plenty of time to give us more info. Would it be nice if they reacted, sure, but maybe there is nothing to talk about for now. I can imagine them working on all the extra cards we earned and who knows what else goes into creating a deck of cards. Most of the time card creators get testprints done after the cards are ready to manufacture (more to the end of the whole process) to check if the finished product is to their liking. Most of the time, this is when they send out pictures of the cards to let the backers know they have an almost finished products. An other common update is from them posting pictures of a lot of boxes full with card decks (or boxes in this case) (if they manage the transport themselves, which I am not sure they will for this one). Sure, they can show us some of the creations they made for the extra cards, but I think that would spoil the fun. Except for that, I really don't see what they can show us. See kickstarter as an investment and not a store. You will get your cards and they will be great. You just have to wait a bit to get them (they won't run away). She hasn't done it for two weeks Do you guys remember when they said that there was gonna be this person who would monitor our messages I'm with mette, have patients they'll let us know when something happens to either move the project forward or delay it. It would be nice however, to see small bits of info along the way. eg. "Send card designs to manufacturer today" or "got the preliminary mat layout printed, going to look sweet." Stuff like that to keep the masses feeling informed What should they talk about? They are working on the cards, thats it. Be patient, the cards and the updates will come in due time. And ask them to release updates more often! Hey Michelle on everyone's behalf when you meet them could maybe ask them about joking hazard Can't wait to meet you guys at wondercon. I'm so excited about this project too! Keep up the great humor! Oh okay Well, people complained that there were too many updates. I am sure they will update again when there is enough stuff to tell. There is Facebook page but they haven't answered for a long time And he says thank you because his question about billing is answered Is there a page or something where they occasionally say how is producing going or something like that? Why are you saying thank you ? Thank you all! Does anyone else know the amount of cards were getting in the printable version #Jen Miller Mine was also collected when the kickstarter ended (March 10th) (I was backer 3602 apparently). I got an email from kickstarter with the title "Yes! Joking Hazard has been successfully funded." [quote] Great news! Thanks to you and 63,757 others, Joking Hazard has been successfully funded. Your pledge has been charged, funds will soon be transferred to the creator, and they’ll begin working on their project. [/quote] My money was collected on the day the kickstarter ended Survey won't be sent out until they are closer to shipping out the game. Better to collect addresses and whatnot nearer the shipping date because there is a chance people will move between now and release Anyone know if they sent out the survey yet? @Jen Miller, My pledge was collected on 2/29/16. Does anyone know if they have been billed yet? @Bayley I know, no worries. I am sure everything will be fine. They will contact us when they have more news. Ok , it's just that this is my first kickstarter and in still learning the basics @Bayley They are probably finishing the deck for printing. I am not really worried. Like I said before, if you aren't a patient person, kickstarter is probably not for you. It takes time to create and print things like this. It depends on how far they were in the process, but we unlocked a lot of extra cards via the stretchgoals and they have to be designed. I am certainly not worried at all. I have seen a lot worse then this. I have some projects where I am somewhat worried, but this one is too new to be worried about. They said November as a worst case scenario, so they have plenty of time. Am I the only one who is concerned about them not putting out an update for so long @Ralph Carothers You probably forgot to adjust your reward tier when changing your pledge amount (the reward tier is separate from the amount). As the kickstarter is over, it can not be adjusted anymore. Hopefully the C&H team can help you change it (change it in their files so you get the reward you wanted to pledge for). I had up'd my pledge before the deadline, and it shows I pledged 60....but the reward tier couldn't be adjusted. Will you guys be sending out a questionairre to adjust this like Kittens did originally? If not, how can we adjust? I really can't wait to get this! I really can't wait to get this! Wish it wasn't too late to up my pledge to the wood box...paycheck a never hit when they should @Johan Setiabudi : I think Creator said they were taking 2-3 weeks off after the campaign. @dominic I don't think so (although I'd love it), but definitely I'm buying some plastic sleeves for this game Are the cards waterproof or i should ask, beer proof? There is a slight chance we will get it before November Is there any "estimated arrival date" for decks? My yearly gaming clan meeting is in August and I'd love to force er...I mean invite them to play! I hope they have an update soon Its been quite a while since their last update though, isnt it? hey guys if your a fan of C and H then you should go to their store as their selling shirts for only 4 dollars @Ryan Lanighan They will probably ask about this when they are almost ready to ship. Don't worry, the survey will be sent in time for them to ship everything. You can better wait with stuff like this because there is always a chance people move in the meantime. Can't wait to play this game with all my messed up friends and fam! Pretty sure this will be the highlight of game night next winter! @EDITOR-VJAS : Sadly I am pretty sure you are right :) Why is November so far away!!! Really can't wait for this game to be in my hands!!! @Ryan - No. Has the email gone out to get our shipping addresses? I haven't seen it... This can be posted right? I'm in England so... XD Canadian economy does suck, but at least with the way the dollar has been in the last couple weeks, most of us are likely to have received a better conversion rate when our cards were charged then it would have been when we pledged. when do we get the pdf copy? @Laurent : Yeah Canadian economy sucks... I bough 2 copy to split shipping and reduce price of the game. I was "surprised" because I pledged super early in the campaign. Also, with the conversion to CAD, it adds up to $72 CAD. Just making sure all is well and no mistakes were made. Still excited to get this great game :D November Is there an estimate on timing for when the printable pdf version will be posted? or where we will be able to get it? The print and play is coming out closer to the release date of the actual game. I want to print and play YESTERDAY! Confirmation of funding came in on 2016-03-10 from no-<email> - hopefully some people looking for it might be able to find it with a bit more info... As others have said though, look through your spam folder, it might have been filtered out? Object of the email should be : Yes! Joking Hazard has been successfully funded. @ Great news! Thanks to you and 63,757 others, Joking Hazard has been successfully funded. Your pledge has been charged, funds will soon be transferred to the creator, and they’ll begin working on their project. @Karen Avison I am not sure if everybody has already been charged. Maybe it will arrive in some days. @Karen, My email and charge came in within a day of the Campaign ending. Maybe you can check your credit card statment online to verify. Erm wonder why I can't find the email about being charged. Looked through my junk where all my Kickstarter stuff go's. Do's anybody know if they have gone through yet and what date?. Can't wait @Steven Rampage The email about you begin charged is a kickstarter email whith the title: "Yes! Joking Hazard has been successfully funded." About the survey: We will get this email much closer to when the cards are being shipped. There is no good reason to ask for an address right now as people sometimes move to other places, so the longer you wait with this, the better. @sylvian yeah I just noticed that. Must have had a brain fart @Ryan Pomeranke : shipping was included in your plegde. How do we know we been charged? I haven't gotten an email about it. when are we suppose to be getting an email about which box we want? Gah, I pledged, trying to get the red box one, and apparently my laggy computer didn't want me to actually select the reward, and I can't seem to find a way to edit it... Pout! Roommate and I were so looking forward to playing it, too! I didn't get charged for any shipping. Was it only international packages that are being charged? @Laurent Bergeron Collin You can see in the mail you got when you pledged how much it costs. The shipping for Canada was indeed $17 (for me in Belgium it was $25 btw). The shipping should be all-in (so customs should not be adding extra import costs because it is already been paid). <url>"the two game mats"....stupid Swype. And brain. Is there going to be a possibility of upping our pledge at some point? For example, you intentionally make too many thing, then people can up their pledge and pay the difference? I really wanted the set with free two game mats, but adulting and bills got the best of me and that $40 extra. Can't wait to play the game! It is physically impossible for me to wait to play it and bending quantum mechanics to keep me from playing it will create a reality-shattering paradox, eradicating all life. Will you be doing updates on the process of making the game? And will they be here or on your webpage? Very excited! Nicely done, guys. So excited to see the finished product. Keep being terrible! @Jack It states the currency on the kickstarter page (but I guess it should say USD to be more clear). Most of the time a kickstarter is either USD or the currency of the country the creators are from (although they still sometimes choose USD). @Travis They usually wait a bit with the survey because the more time there is between the survey being sent out and the products are being shipped, the more chance there is that people moved. I would say it will come closer to when the products are ready to ship. It doesn't really matter that we have to wait for the survey as the products will not ship faster by filling out the survey. @Jack - the default currency for any campaign run out of the United States is in USD. If it was in New Zealand dollars there would have been a little "NZD" notation next to the pledge amount. @Travis - You can expect the survey any time between now and whenever the game is finished and ready to be shipped (est. Nov. 2016, but maybe a bit earlier). Kickstarter will send you a notification whenever the survey is sent out. holy crap i live in New Zealand and ordered the 25$ one plus 18$ for being in New Zealand "okay that makes sense" turns out it wasn't converted for nzd so now they billed me for 67.85$ dollars god damn it i'm too unemployed for this shit :/ luckily this should be a good game When can we expect the survey So excited this is actually coming out! All of my friends are excited to play it and I can't wait to be the first kid on the block to have it!!!! <url>"Pirate the game" that way, but, it's already gonna be released as a Print and Play for free, so, people would just be screwing themselves out of the newer version if they "stole" it and then never checked back. Plus, then it'd have that "It's everywhere" marketing edge anyway. Can the creators please confirm the date of survey as well as the printable version which is meant to be releasede Does anyone know if the print and play version will include a PDF or JPG of the mat as well? This has to have been the most fun campaign I have ever participated in. Thanks for making it so much fun. <url>’ll begin working on their project. Excellent stuff, can't wait for it to be in my hairy, sweaty hands!! When do i get charged? This is my first kickstarter Awesomely well funded. Even the percentage of funding would have funded the project. Thrice over. Completely forgot about that stretch goal. We unlocked it in a stretch goal Actually after reading through the campaign and the reward tiers again I didn't see any mention of a print and play unless I missed something and someone can correct me on this. I'm so excited! Way to go! Apologies if I seemed impatient (which I am) I will suppress that in this section @David I understand that, I'm just really excited, this is my first Kickstarter. Super excited!!!! I love Cyanide and Happiness and when I saw this there was no way I could not be a part of this. Glad the goal was reached to make this happen!!! Print and play should be soon, we've already seen people play beta on utube and that's been up for a week going to be awesome haha worth it tho Is it there yet? Is it there yet? Is it there yet? Just kidding, but I can't wait to get this. <url># <url>� Always remember that there were more backers from Sydney than London. I'm psyched for this! Cn't wait to play this awesome game This was the best news to poop to today. Congrats! Congrats on the awesome kickstarter!!! Can't wait to play! I've been a fan of the Web comic for years and am so happy my friend told me about this game. I'm so ready for schnanigans and exclusive order please I am limited whoop Any idea when we can expect the print and play? CAH was getting boring, hope this is an amazing replacement. I just want one panel to be the green shirt guy pointing to his friend with no dialog so I can add "dammit kevin!"... @Teresa Gonzalez You did not change your pledge tier probably, but just the amount you pledged. You can't change it anymore unfortunately. Hopefully for you they will use a pledge manager like backerkit, but I wouldn't count on that. Hopefully they can help you resolve this. Oh man I am so excited for this game! Can I have it now? No, I have to wait? Welp excuse me while I go cry my self to sleep till november I am so excited, I can't wait to play with my friends! It is going to be hilarious I can already feel the laughter and joy that this game will bring! @Justin sorry I don't like you that way Can i just have it now? Do I have to wait? Yes.... well F*** Me right? I am so ready for this. If I'm hoping this matches if not replaces Cards Against Humanity at social gatherings! I'm so excited to get it, I wish I could play this now. @Teresa I'm pretty sure you're too late to change it. the pledge campaign ended at 11:00 am CST today. Such excite! <url>"insert punchline here" cards so much easier! It's like an early birthday present from me to me! And now to start the ungodly waiting.... Will you guys keep us updated through emails or just fb and twitter? November can't come soon enough <3 @Benjamin Shacar If they use the kickstarter survey or if the use backerkit, you can certainly change your name and fill out your address. This is the best thing since sliced bread. No wait! Better! Yes, waaaaay better than sliced bread. Like bread with cheese, meatballs, sauce....the works. Soooo excited! I literally cannot wait to receive the game and start playing therefore I will be entering my cryo chamber shortly. See you on the other side. :D Oh and my last name changed to Shacar... So in case I can't update it on the survey it needs to be shipped to Shacar not errichetto Congratulations to C&H on a successfully backed project. I look forward to playing this game once I receive my copy. I wish you all the best of success! Live long and Prosper! It has been fun and really eventful. Definably the most fun campaign ever.....also when will the digital download be available... Awesome looking game! Really looking forward to it. @George, Thanks buddy. Looks promising :D I regretted not backing Exploding Kittens last time so this will be great! Can't wait!!!!!! This game is going to trump cards against humanity and will be amazing!!!!! Super stoked and all I wish is it would come to me sooner!!!! @Ben, you don't get the "Funded" email as soon as the Campaign ends. It takes some time to process all the credit card transactions and whatever else KS does. The project didn't get suspended, so I expect we'll get emails within the next 24 hours. It's a lot of transactions to process. :) @Bo Newyin, the surveys don't come out when it's funded. Depending on the project, it can take a few weeks, to months. It's up to the Creator. This is fantastic! Can't wait to bust these decks out! I am cheerfully cheering you on with this cheerful message. @glenn... ok best but feasible scenario. Printing 3 millions cards and shipping should take minimum of two months I guess When will the print and play be uploaded? I'm celebrating my birthday tomorrow night with friends and would LOVE to play this!!! Best case scenario? Tomorrow. So, sometime between tomorrow and November, I would expect. Congrats on making your dream a reality! Our friends are just as stoked as we are to get this! Can't wait! hope November 2016 is an exaggeration. They said worst case scenario but what could be the BEST case :) when will the print and play be uploaded? Yay, I'm so exited I could piss my pants! YES!! I need to get the print and play already so I dont die of anticipation. Yayyyyyyyyyyyyyy CONGRETZ! ����� it got funded? Your ma This is my first project, I just want to confirm that they will send us a survey to get our addresses? I havent gotten one yet. @Kerry I didn't get an e-mail notification about this being funded yet...weird <url>"rewards" section with an updated description of what each tier gets. But to answer your question, every tier from $45 upwards gets the red box (except the $200 wooden box tier). Will you ask the $1000 backers for permission to display their custom art? I'd love to see what someone with that much money to burn wants made on a card. 60 pledge still gets you the red box correct? It was stated in a previous email update but still not reflected in the backer description here @Creator Why are the multi d*ck pledge levels only getting 20 blank cards? Shouldn't they get 20 blank per d*ck? Please confirm @Sarah Justice, From the Campaign page: "Feel like pledging $60? Congrats, you are now the proud owner of two d*cks in the Kickstarter-exclusive Red Box and two copies of the Blast From The Past booster pack! Hoard them for yourself, or share a d*ck with a friend. That’s Christmas taken care of!" If I change to the $60 tier to get 2 decks will they be in red boxes? I went from 35 up to 45 for the red box but might want an extra copy for giving. Just really want that red shiny box! @Cyanide and Happiness will the boxes be able to hold 440 SLEEVED cards? My friend and I are combining our pledge to save on shipping, but now we get screwed out of 20 of those cards. I hope the creator fixes this. I didn't even notice that @Jay Ross. I'm sad now.. Me wants more "add you own words" cards.. Why don't the add your own word cards double to 40 when you get the 100$ pledge? Everything else doubles but you still only get 20. Woohoo! Just backed the 60$ pledge. Hope they release a better version of the red box. The gold part doesn't appeal to me. @creator Thanks for testing dry erase markers when you get the cards! So does this have a 2 player variant? Just got canned from work, looks like I'll have more time on my hands. Might as well upgrade my pledge to the next tier Will the red box fit all the cards and any possible explanations? @Mark Wesley L. Ang I hope you can get a different answer from the creators, but as far as I know, the only way is by letting multiple people order it. There are no add-ons in this project, so you can only get what the tiers give you (so the maximum of boxes is 2). People here are saying a different account, but I am not sure if that's allowed or not. If some friends of yours make accounts, there shouldn't be a problem. I'd like to pledge for the 60USD reward tier 4 times (to get 8 copies). How can I do This? Does the estimated delivery mean the latest it'll be delivered or just an estimation? @Fairytail92 That is just the amount you want to pay. So if you want the $45 tier, make sure you select that tier when you change your pledge and make sure you fill out the correct amount ($45 + shipping if you live outside the US) But I there won't be anything I wish there was prizes like a comic book or T shirt @Fairytail: Campaign isnt over, so you havent actually paid anything yet. Go to the blue "manage pledge" button and change to the $45 tier. Dont just add $10 to your current pledge. @Fairytail: You didn't pay anything. Pledging means "you will pay $X when the Kickstarter is over". You were not charged and will not be charged for another 8 hours. You can freely change your pledge to any price and you will not pay extra. Will there be the ability to just do addons? I pledged $35, but now I want to upgrade to the $45 one to get the red box. For some reason it won't let me upgrade unless I pay the full$45 amount. I already paid for $35 why would I have to pay an additional $45? for 100$ do we get 2 red boxes If you watched the YouTube video on their channel which says if we beat him we get prizes maybe we get more than the cards I wonder... if the body explodes, do we get more stuff added to our tiers? @matt it will have two boxes of your colour choice (white or red) Does the $100 come with two boxes or just two decks? Is there a way to get 3 decks? will there be a pledge manager afterwards to add on extra copies? @Hugh Did someone say "HIGHER"?? (o.0) well... a day late and a dollar short... story of my life :( Hey folks. I pleased the King with my hidden talent for .GIF creation, but I don't have a FB or Twitter account to share it to Joking Hazard with. <url>čić I backed quite a lot of playing cards. Some of them go really easily, others I am waiting for a long long time now. It depends of the printers of the cards and how much other stuff they have to do and if prints fail and things like that. It is a lot of cards and boxes which needs to be printed. Then all the cards need to be put in those boxes (if it is not done in the same factory). There is a lot of work still need to be done. For a tabletop game, November isn't a long wait. I have one that just ended yesterday that says August of 2017 and I backed several last year that ship later this year. 8 months to create and ship the game isn't that long. @mette yeah i get that but still if it is shipped a lot earlier it is still some waiting @Gabrijel patarčić They said November is a worst case scenario. They are hoping of getting it shipped before that, but you never know if something goes wrong (especially with this many decks). Is it usual that shipment and producing products take this much since it says it should come in november Quick, someone please the king! we need to keep insulting the boss monster. @Lorena my previous comment was being facetious. I don't mean to be rude, but i realize that my comment may have been taken that way. @Burger + the blast from the past, and the 20 blank cards @C&H Will there be enough room in the red box to house 420 SLEEVED cards? @ Lorena You can never have too much cake!!!!!!!!!!!!! @Lorena Woodfine - Unsubscribing from updates is a good way to miss out when they contact you to use their pledge manager or ask for your shipping address. C&H... I've had to unsubscribe from your updates because it's annoying the hell out of me getting so many from you. Seven emails in two days and two of them just copies of one's you'd already sent... It's good that you're keeping in touch, but just like cake, one can have too much of a good thing! I hope it means I won't miss out on anything important. Keep up the good work. Eh this new one is really weird @Zach Bigelow - Last I heard they are shooting for that, but asking the printer. They tested by using a dry erase on a CAH card and it worked. @James Stevenson It says November 2016. As the creators told us here in the comments section, this is a worst case scenario, so it may be shipped quicker. @James Stevenson the projected delivery is located on the pledge you chose which is currently listed as November for all pledges assuming every goes as planned with production and shipping. @James they set a deadline for November but that's in the worst case. Probably sooner but as far as I know nothing's certain yet @James Stevenson - November is when you are supposed to receive the game. People keep asking if there is any chance to get it sooner and they've said maybe. Most games from Kickstarter ship late, but they seem confident they can hit November. Come on everyone! Let's finish the last achievements off! Get your grandparents to reenact a comic! Get bands playing music. Get people in pants and dump ice water! Everything it takes! I'm just curious, but I've not noticed. Is there a project timeline? Any projections as to when the box is gonna fall through my letterbox? What a thrilling end to an amazing chapter in my life! When my great great grandkid asks me: "Gran pa pa, where were you when the Worlds were conquered and the Boss was slain?" I shall stand tall, and proudly proclaim "I was there kiddo...I was there...Watching on the sidelines as thousands of other people did the foot work and earned me a piss ton of extra cards!" And I will laugh myself into a coughing fit and go apply ben gay or something old people do and then play another round of Joking Hazard with my imaginary friends... you know, since all my real friends would be dead. Just kidding... I don't have any friends. will the blank cards be dry erase? Give us a secret final boss! for 3,200k! Sephiroth level! @Alexander, the NSFW actually ended up not being exclusive. 28 updates in 29 days: <url>"completed achievements" for the boss keep changing?!? I swear we needed to complete 200 people with the clothes people, 50 with "pro-boss" photos, 200 boss drawings, and only 5 pancakes..... but those numbers are all different on the current diagram.... @Rob that should definitely happen Boss K.O. Who is up for a New Game+ Maybe since we broke $3 million the price of the Mats could drop? or just have them included with all pledges of the Kickstarter Red Box and up? Boooooooom! We diid it :) Woohoo!!! I literally sat here and watched this grow like $20,000 in a couple of hours. This is amazing. Cursed fingers!!!!!!!!! LOL @Troels Møller Hansen i don't think it is possible to order 3 d*cks on one account. @night typo was supposed to be 2.90m+ @Gary: Pocket the profits, lol @Gary Chapman. Mimosas. Lots of mimosas. How'd you guys get Justin Roiland Gary means the 2.99 million ... sorry Gary :( So, what are y'all going to do with the 290k+ you didn't need for this project? @Bayley - It makes us feel better. @C&H: Not even splatter blood on the walls? Well , ok I'm looking to order 3 decks to Denmark (already got the 2 deck bundle) - is this possible in order to save some shipping? What does beating up corpse do if we've already won I posted a pic to the FB page showing just over $3mil. $3mil and still climbing...wow... Wonder if the C&H guys are having a heartattack yet... awww... can we still prank tweet donald drumpf? Gratz guys on your 3m. Hope my$100 helped ☺️ K.O.... just got that sweet 3 million! Congratulations Cyanide and Happiness! I think I heard a cork pop here in the Dallas area. Or maybe it was thunder. Finish Him! KO boom $3 Million, congrats! Yes we do everyone K.O.!! Woo! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Three million! $3 million! Woo hoo, congrats guys! KO Do we get a onus bonus bonus if we hit 3 mill exactly? 500$ 1 grand left!!! 1 1! 2! Closing in on that knockout blow! If you can write them on the spot won't it be obvious whose card it is then? @Steve. +1 yes that's an excellent idea. Please make the blank cards from the Boss Fight wet/dry erasable so we can make up dialog on the fly. That would be so much better than just blank cards. :D 3! 4 grand! Alright, we got the KO coming on the big boss now let's raise another 100k and beat the hell out of Zach Braf Sorry Mike my phone auto corrected to Bellham not Bellman @Mike Bellham If you use a different email you can set up another $60 pledge Forget the ko goal. I want the next challenge! What's the count on the layer pics? It's too bad I couldn't pledge $60 twice. I'd love to give more of the exclusive decks as gifts. Well, we're under the 5,000 mark. I'm in the boat of wanting to see the rest of the challenges anyway, just out of curiosity. :P 5 grand to go! @Stacy Vargas : You'll get a printable version if you can't wait ;) I'm just upset I have to wait til the end of the year to get my hands of this. Would have liked to get in before October for my trip to the Nycc. We're going to get a KO before we finish even the clothing challenge! my guess... 3.6 millions yea will come here back within 20h to make sure all is set up :D @Berestaszek I would pledge the tier you want before the kickstarter ends. It is not a given there will be a pledge manager (like eg. backerkit). Just to be sure I would manage my pledge before the end (be sure to change your tier as well). Ok thank you. Just updated my pledge tier. Sorry, cannot count. okay thanks for informations hope my boss will pay me soon :p KO @Berestaszek - Doesn't sound like there will be a pledge manager @Berestaszek When the campaign ends, your pledge is set in stone, I believe. So if you want to put in 34 more dollars to get the Kickstarter Reward, you should do it sometime in the next 20-21 hours. oh yeah, we're going to hit the 3mil mark!!!! i mean after campaign ends with Pledge Manager or something Hello All, I just pledged only 1$ but will it be able to put 34 more do get the pledge? I guess it has its perks to be a C&H fan living in the USA. Crap I gotta go to work right when we're about to give the boss the uppercunt! I'll check back at break time! @Mark Frauenhoffer If you want 2 boxes + 2 mats, you will need to change the tier as well on the "manage your pledge" page. If you just change the amount, you will still get the $45 tier, but you will have paid $100 for it. @Owen I see, it is sometimes a crapshoot if I order stuff from the US as well (or Japan for that matter). Some shops also don't fill out the value correctly and then I usually don't have to pay import taxes (had that with a Canadian shop before). On big websites like amazon I usually have to pay a lot, although books should not have import taxes as far as I understand, they certainly do every time I order. If I manage my pledge from $45 to $100, is it replacing the tier chosen? So instead of just 1 box, I get 2 boxes and 2 mats? @Mette: It really depends on the item being sent too. I've had items worth under $20 that I needed to pay on, and others that totaled almost $500 where I had to pay nothing. It's really random what they make you pay on, primarily because a lot of places that do ship it don't pre-pay those for you since they might not know exactly how much it would cost. I figured maybe the same type of agreement was in place as there is certainly a lot of import going on from the US to Canada. But I guess they see it as more income. @Chris Shannon Yeah, I expected it to be, but because in the European Union there is no import tax for imports from countries which belong to the European Union I was not completely sure. @Mette US-Can border customs are absolutely a thing. They are the bane of my existence. Under 20,000 to go! @Jean-Francois: For items like that, where the weight is harder to predict, it's common to charge after everything is finalized so that they can ensure no-one is overpaying, or under paying. Cards are a bit easier to predict, since you can get a bunch of decks and just weigh them for an average weight per card, then go to a logistics company and ask for a rough estimate. The creators told us it also includes customs and the extra costs which may come with that (I am not completely sure if that's applicable for US -> Canada shipping, but I guess it is). Thank you guys I was wondering because with zombicide I had to pay for shipping later with cool mini or not Owen is correct. This Kickstarter includes shipping in your pledge. When you selected your country it showed you exactly how much you were paying for shipping in that list. @Jean-Francois: That $40 includes shipping, so you will already have paid when the pledge is charged to your card. The 15$ more for ordering in canada is shipping? Or am I gonna have to pay shipping plus the 15$? Cause my 25$ pledge is now 40$... hope I dont have to pay again for shipping @LZ: I think having the judge determine after everyone has played their card would be the best of it. That way everyone can play knowing that the combinations could be endless(within reasonable comic timelines) Robert, no it's not worth it. Besides someone will scan in the artwork and post it at some point then you can have your own mat printed for $10. I'm sure someone will be offering it out of the gate as well with no work on your end. With that said, it's worth it if you want to help support them but.....at 3 million do they really need that much more support? Robert, I don't think it is. I can see why some people would think it is, though. It really comes down to personal preference and how much disposable income you have. Is it really worth the 30 dollars from the 45 dollar tier for the mat? all I wanted was the mat now I dont think it's worth 30 dollars for a mat.. GM, good point. In that case, though, would it be up to the judge to arrange the cards in the best combination of three, regardless of where red sits, or would you have the judge announce red's position at the beginning of the round? I think the former would be better. <url>"That's the last thing I ever said to him" after(in this case, the red border could be middle panel too). @GM, it might work for some. I'm not sure how well it would work for the ones where somebody is dying. Of course, zombies could answer that ;-) It'll be one of those try it and see things. <url>"Yippee ki-yey muthafugga", "Shitter's full", "Our Doug is white", etc. @Justin. Cool Mini Arcadia Masmorra Of course if the creators agree this is possible, it should be, but they should have been more clear about that then and have added add-ons (I think they would have made more money like that). But I think they don't want add-ons because it is a pain to sort that all out and you have much greater chance of making a mistake (trying to figure out what everybody wants). If they don't use sites like backerkit for the add-ons, add-ons are a bit of a crapshoot. @Chase Meyerson No, you can't. You will just pay more and get the products for the tier you pledged for. There are no add-ons for this project, so you will just get the products of your tier level. @George You just checked kicktraq or something. My prediction is it will hit more then that (as we will finish above avarage today) <url>#chart-daily The recent update didn't really clarify this question so I am taking it to the comments section: Can we add $X to our current pledge level to get the respective reward of that amount added? I.E. - I pledge for the wooden box level and add $60 to my pledge-- does that mean I get 4 copies of the games and stretch goals, 3 red box versions and 1 wooden box version? Erick, which project? I need a good laugh. @creator is there anyway to add to our current pledge to add a mat? I don't want to pay 100 dollars that's 40 more just for two mats. I just need one. Max, you're right. But I'm sure the people who are at the $35 level don't think a different colored box is worth $10, so that shortcut isn't going to happen. I'd upgrade $10 for the mat, but not for a red box. My prediction is this hits $3.06 million. I just came from another project... And upgrade my 1 dollar pledge finally. Nice to see a better comment section without all the trolls that other campaigns have. Max, if you up your pledge by $48,671 then the boss will be defeated. Why upgrade, just wait a few hours and it will hit 3 mil, we still have almost a full day left, this will break 3 easily. If 5000 of the people getting the white box ($35) upgrade to the red box ($45) the boss will be defeated. You can also check the most funded projects here: <url>"load more" once. There should be a photo album of all the pictures submitted for the stretch goals. @David Van The $60 tier will give you 2 boxes. You can choose the color of both boxes, so if you want you can get 2 red boxes. Will the $60 pledge provide two red boxes? The table says yes but the actual pledge details doesn't say anything @Justin: PnP will be publicly available I believe. @Joe: When you pledge only matters for "Early Bird" or "limited" tiers, like the Wooden Box + 2 extra games tier. You will receive every stretch goal that I got, and I pledged day 2. Joe, it doesn't matter if you pledged on the first day or in the last minute. You get everything listed that pertains to your pledge level. I just pledged today. Do I get the stretch goal rewards in addition to what I pledged? Oh cool, so everyone is getting an PnP? Finally something that can be easily printed out and tested without having to run out and buy a million dice, create tokens and whatever else.... $54,675 until $3MM - and that is probably already wrong because I've changed it twice now... @Luis: It's already in the records (unofficially) for most funded KS projects. <url>#37), and FORM 1 at 2.945M (#38). At the time of me posting this, Joking Hazard would be #39, but it's pointless to put an unfinished Kickstarter in the records, so it'll be done in ~24 hours. <url>"You've put in a moderate amount of work, but now you're overextended. Now, you get LESS than had you done nothing. Good job." <url>" -250- -200- 350 cards" @Kenny Hertling Yes, the Red box is for the $45 tier and up. People who pledge $60 or more (technically $45 as well) can choose which color of box(es) they want. Does the standard $35 backing come with the standard white box? How does one work towards these achievements? <url>#chart-daily I am sure we will get that in 30 hours. Relax, we will hit the $3 mil mark with or without that increase. Correction: increased by $2. Got a little excited there! If everyone who has already donated just increased their donation by just $1, we would be well passed the $3 million mark! @Yeghig What Rob says is correct. These cards look much more square than rectangular CAH cards. I would be incredibly surprised if the proportions of the two cards were even remotely identical. Obviously, this is just an observation/educated guess, but I could be wrong. After watching the video, there's a lot of extra white space on the top of the cards and it makes them look incredibly ugly. I'm assuming those were rush-printed prototype cards and while those definitely look more rectangular, they also look way larger than CAH cards. Without the white strip at the top, they will be a lot more square-like. I will almost guarantee you that sleeves that fit CAH cards won't fit these. You'll be lucky to find something that will fit these, not to mention you'll need 420 per deck (+20 for the blank cards assuming we beat the Rick and Morty boss). @Mette: I know, I'm just saying the picture says conflicting information, and is why some backers were concerned. I don't really mind since the mat is a huge mark-up and I'm sticking to my $60 tier anyways ;) @Yeghig Thanks, I also have cards against humanity... But these cards look more square shaped @Rob probably the same as cards against humanity. If you've never played it you can Google the card dimension @Polarthief Read the tier in the main page: Two mats, two red box Joking Hazard games and two blast from the past boosters. @Mette: $100 tier actually says that it comes in "A" red box, not two red boxes. $60 tier says differently (boxeS). Do we know how big these cards are going to be? Bit of an obsessive sleever I'm afraid.... @Joshua Crevison For $100 you get 2 games (including 2 of every update pack) and 2 mats. @Joshua Their latest updated graphic for $100 donation only shows 1 box, however past version shows that both decks come in their own box. There are two boxes. It also makes 2 mats kinda pointless if you only get one box of the game._. In the campaign it now shows that the 100 dollar tier gets both decks in 1 red box but it still also says that you'll get what's in the 60 dollar tier with 2 red boxes too. I'm confused i want 2 boxes i wanted to give one set of the game to someone ... Can't do that if i only get one big box. The wood box should have a built in goodie stash for the cigars, mini bottle of everclear, and other paraphernalia your bringing home from your friends house. @Michael Yes but then you would know who has the write your own cards.. it'd just be better if they were dry erase and look exactly the same as the other cards. @Robert put them in a plastic card sleeve and take them out when your done saving them for later while reusing the cards in new sleeves 140 more is a lot to pay for a singed box and two mats. Will the last 4 tiers get anything exclusive to make up the price difference a little? Love the gold trim but the it could use a bit more touching up. Keep up the great work. Awh man, I would have liked it to be dry erase cards.. so that they can be used infinitely.. @Robert - they are not 'proper' dry-erase cards, they are standard cards just like the other cards in the deck (similar to 'Cards Against Humanity' cards). However, they do have a slight coating on them by default which allows you to wipe off dry-erase markers with relative ease. How the cards would stand up to repeated writings is unknown though. @creator What's the official drawing count up to? @ Robert I agree to that!! Please make sure that the red box is big enough to also hold the expansion and KS-exclusive add-on pack. That way we can fit everything into one box to take to parties and show off to our loser friends how they didn't get the cool Kickstarter goodies. Also, quick question about the current reward for the current achievement, would the cards be dry erase cards? I wouldnt want them to be plain paper cards.. I would love to have an infinite use of them. Ah phooey, thanks best to spend 15 more dollars than. At $60, you get two identical sets of cards. Also if you get the 60 dollar pack, would the two card packs you get be different? Is there anywhere I can see what the mats look like? 1500 1499 1498 How many drawings do we have It seems pretty clear that we'll pass 3 million soon, but I wanna see how many achievements we get before then. Hope you guys make an "I love noodles" card. so close i was 56,999 backer damn! New proud backer here! It went from 2.6 Mil this morning to currently 2.84 Mil in less than 12 hours. I feel confident this is reaching the 3 Mil mark with 36 hours to go. *So the decision is yours... @Albert : 20$ is a normal MRSP price. This is a store price meaning they probably make between 40 and 80% profit but let be honest... This is an accessory totally unnecessary to enjoy the game even if it is pretty cool. So your decision is yours ! @ Albert, mats are around that price usually. If you look at Magic The Gathering mats, they're that expensive as well. So ... if I change from 60 ... to 75 ... I lose a deck and gain a mat ... but if i'm willing to throw down 40 more dollars ... I have enough mat per square deckage to gift someone a fancy deck and mat, while having one for myself ... the mats are worth 20 bucks each? If we all kick in another $2.92, we'll pass 3 million. I'm upping my pledge to the limited box now. Are you planning a joking hazard version of "the bigger blacker box" to fit all the expansions in it? What about the blast from the blast booster. Will they be identical also? :) Will the game mat included in the specific tiers fit inside the boxes? Wait, does the monster have his ass out, or does josh have his ass out? Think he got saved I count 45 pro-boss photos as of yet. Is the monster saved or is he receiving an unimaginable second beating? Maybe if the box was all gold. It would be the legendary gold box. @amanda : I think it means it is easier if everyone trying to do the challenge do the same one it will be a lot easier. "Choose wisely". Does that mean completing one might unlock a harder next task while completing the other unlock an easier next task?!?! Hey Cyanide And Happiness, I've sent you a message & have yet to receive a reply. :( Wow I am so happy with how you guys did on this Kick Starter and I am happy to have made a pledge and been a part of this! <url>"Yep, that's ... That's right. I think that too." Woo-wee. Better bet on that boss monster. @SoLongSidekick I am quite sure as well. Usually the last few days of a project a lot of extra people will back or up their pledge. But you never know. Also as far as I can see on kicktraq, they made $130 000+ today. I know it also shows we will finish under 3mil, but as it will go up, I am sure we will make it. If every backer added just $5 to their current pledge, we could hit the $3mil mark easily! @solong we've actually made a good amount of progress money wise since yesterday. @Chris - And what makes you think that? We've barely made any progress all day. So, we're pretty much just going to hit the 3 million. <url>"Blast From The Past". <url>#35 and since upped it to $60 (considering upping it again to $100 but am procrastinating). I got an email and message that says I'm a "$35 backer" even though my pledge was upped to $60 before those messages went out. Will the rewards still be delivered correctly when funding is completed? Note: I'm new to kickstarter so sorry if this is a normal "glitch" in their site. @James, That's what I was thinking of doing. I was also thinking of maybe laminating them to make it easier on the cards with using moisture to clean them. It depends on how well the cards handle it, really. @Creator: Can we do more than one tweet for #FishGillson per account as long as the drawing is different? @Echo and @Creator: regarding dry erase markers, try washable kid markers (or if they still make them, overhead projector markers). They wipe clean with water and won't rub off when playing like dry erase will. <url>#FishGillson right now with the rate of posts dropping. @Krist oher that is my plan already at the $100.00 pledge and hoping to be able to buy more during the survey. Creator , you should include a cloth with the erasable cards it could have the logo as well Did my part to hit the 3mil goal, upped my pledge from $45 to $100. I say everyone needs to get a 2 box set and give 1 out as an X-Mas present since we will be getting them near Dec! So, are people who originally pledged for the red box, still good for the plain red box or do we all have to have the tacky gold trim on them all? Are the blank cards erase able? If not consider it. Would be fun each game to get everyone to fill out a few cards to throw in the deck. And then do it again next game. More up to date insults that way each time you play @Bertram: thanks. I was trying to count by hand, but it was very tedious. Then I saw someone with my artwork as their profile pic, and that distracted me and I lost count. @Bayley most of the time with kickstarters a lot of extra people will come the last 1 to 2 days. I am quite sure we will get 3 million $ easily. @Lord Zombitten - according to hashtracking.com we're at about 250 tweets. That's a free service, so it could be wrong though. @Monique Kemp Of course people want plushies (and sure, I would want one too), but as far as I know, they are very expensive to make and will not be cheap to ship either I would imagine. Also, they sell plushies on their own store, so if you want one, you can probably get one there if it is not included (which is quite likely). <url>#ICraveDave and#shamelessadvertising? will we be able to get more than 2 d*cks, cause i'm planning to get 5 d*ck. and how can we know how much we have to add for shipping? @Jeff Carter - Thanks. Figured that was likely it. Tried searching the updates and past comments and meant to include as much in my previous comment. I obviously gave up realizing it'd be easier to ask. Thanks again. @Peter Bell - Yes it does. They aren't allowed to change the text of an existing pledge tier that people have already pledged to, so it avoids the "bait & switch" Quick clarification - Does the $60 level include 2 red boxes as is shown in the graphic on the campaign home page? The pledge level text doesn't specify red where as all the others levels do. @Serena Pitala: that is quite a clever idea. Writing your jokes on the sleeves, so you can change them later. I do not use sleeves though... @creator: just check Serena's idea below. If you want to go beserk (hey, you've got some nice funding to go beserk) with the writing-your-own-cards, consider making the cartoon side of those cards like white board material or equivalent. Printed characters on that and with a white board pencil you can write and erase as many jokes as you want :-) @Jim Wise - it's on the main KS page and they just posted it to Twitter as well Looks like the successive levels to fight the boss are only being posted to Facebook. Be sure to keep track over there! Part 2/10 posted here: <url>"can't make everyone happy" kind of things. how do i send you my disgusting pet pic? Blank cards mean nothing to me, would never use them. Serena, My birthday will be sadly the day after this project is funded. Early birthday present? lol I just realized his will be fulfilled on my birthday. Woohoo. Happy birthday to me. :-P @stephen we crushed Diamond Land, so now we have a Boss fight. You just sit back and cry, we will take care of it for you. I love blank cards. Lol yeah I also never use the blank or create your own cards. I've really enjoyed the interactive nature of this campaign but rewards have been a bit so-so. Looking forward to it anyways. Yeah like one comment below, I leave those in the box. Seems pointless. Oh well. Not worth it imo. What happened to diamond land? "Add your own words" means "we are out of ideas" lol Great boss video though! I love Rick & Morty! Yea not really the awesome reward I was hoping for That $3mil goal is almost guaranteed to be hit. The last day of every popular crowd fund always has a monster final day, and $300,000 isn't that hard to fathom. What's the unlock though if we beat the boss? I didn't see anything that stated what the reward was... 20 make your own cards? I usually pull those from the game and leave them in the box. Seriously? This will be rough if we each pledge $6 this boss is going down. Forget about me.. er forget about YOU! Boss Fight!!!! -1 0?!? 0 1 1 2 3 4 Only 5 minutes to go until the boss battle begins @justin I highly doubt it is, but I also really like the look of the new red box. Maybe not gold outlining all the letters but the trim is a nice touch. @justin I highly doubt it is, but I also really like the look of the new red box. Maybe not gold outlining all the letters but the trim is a nice touch. @kris you can choose if you want a white or red box at the end. I sure hope the announcement we were waiting for wasn't that horrid looking box.... Does the $100 tier come with 2 Standard boxes, or 2 Red box sets? It says "Comes with everything from $60 tier" which are standard, but also says 2 red box sets in the details. Then, at the very last moment, every single backer canceled their pledge. A random comic that sums up my love life: <url>"Fart" on my forehead... by the 3rd pic I have 3 Farts... hopefully it counts for 3 since it says 100 people writing Fart :) @Moses, if only it were that easy. Nope, you would need to change to the $100 reward tier, which adds two mats. Hi, I got the $60 pledge but I would like to get the Matt too, if I add $15 to my pledge could you add one matt to my order? I am excited to get the game, when it comes out, and updates are a natural part of the process but there are A LOT of them! Can we cut back to a couple a week? I just learned how to post links on twitter and you already got it without me. I meant to make pancakes today, but I was lazy. Tomorrow for sure, unless the seventh achievement is already achieved. Hey everyone, they said that we CAN do multiple #shamelessadvertising per person and it WILL count! Go spam twitter everyone! lol at all the people freaking out about not completing the stretch goal tasks. Even if they didn't get completed, they would still include the cards in the game. They had to factor total number of cards, and other things such as box size, prior to even starting the campaign - their cost estimates were based on having a certain number of cards. This game was always going to ship with the max number of cards (350, unless more are to be announced); they used the stretch goals as a means to promote the campaign while merely adding cards back in that were realistically there the whole time. There's nothing wrong with this of course, this is how the vast majority of large KS campaigns work, but it's just funny that people are actually concerned about this stuff. I bet the next level is a giant baby!!!! For all the people whining about the prizes for backing the project. There's going to be poop everywhere!!!! @alana As it says on the achievement image, Facebook. @Alana Whitehead I think they said their facebook I bet its gonna be plush dolls or something tomorrow If we a photo of us writing 'fart' on our fathers forehead, where do we post it for you to see it? If we a photo of us writing 'fart' on our fathers forehead, where do we post it for you to see it? If Shameless Advertising has been finished, wouldn't that mean we need one more achievement to get the 40 cards? Not two? How has the shameless advertising achievement been the same for the last three days??? I tweeted one out on Sunday morning so there should be AT LEAST one more than they said there was on friday. Who the heck is actually checking this crap??? To be honest, I expected them to get a bit more backers/money in, but I guess the extra cost of the non-US countries did hamper them in getting more money after all (or Cyanide & Happiness is less known then I expected). I dont understand how many achievements we have done. Is shameless advertisement done? & do we have 1 or 2 left? @Micah Cain The $10.000 goal was just to create the kickstarter and was not a serious goal. They knew they would smash it and saw the whole campaign from Exploding Kittens which was very similar. I am not the biggest fan of the extra goals like that, but it creates free advertisement for the game and it worked very well for Exploding Kittens, so I can't blame them for trying. I really do think the mat costs more to produce then the cards + box in bulk to be honest. Sure I would like the mat (and the red box) as a backer and I still think the mat would be better as an add-on, but they clearly decided not to have add-ons (which I guess are a pain to keep track of), so yeah that's that. Sure, they did not use kickstarter how it should be used, but they are not the first one (the Exploding Kittens one was the same thing to be honest) and I am afraid it will happen more and more. Nothing we can do about it. I think they did quite well in this kickstarter as far as amount and backers go and all in all we get an ok deal for the price (or a good deal depending or where you live). If we achieved shameless advertising, doesn't that mean we only have 1 left to achieve? Question... I have 3 kids... if they each use a different color, can I count for 3?? Why have I not let my kids write "FART" on my head yet?!?!?!?!?! :-O I agree with @David O and @Sylvain, but after raging myself and hearing so many people rage I finally found my peace with it. If you want to back a really caring creator then look for CoolMinisOrNot projects, like this one about to end: <url>#shamelessadvertising) love their campaigns and even though their boxes are super heavy they manage reasonable shipping prices. But I still think C&H did an amazing job here (they made a lot of money and we get a lot of cards). I am really looking forward to this great game and I loved the way they made a social event out of their stretch goals. @creator thank you so much for this fun voyage! Good questions actually - will all the cards fit in the box - sleeved? What size will the cards be? I guess these are early questions but I too am curious. @ Miles - really, don't be that guy. You should cook up some C&H pancakes and eat them while crying on video. It would help bring the deck another 40 cards which would address your anger and it would probably make you feel better about the world and this kickstarter too. Who doesn't feel better after eating pancakes! Also while it has been shown that you may feel sadder after crying in the short term in the long term it has been proven to make you feel better. @ David O - I am sure they would have assumed they would break a million dollars or more when they costed it initially. This was always going to be a record breaking kickstarter and they had to know that. They are giving the people a product they want at a price they are happy to pay and they should make some money for all the work they put in. If they don't "they are very bad at doing business thingies' as you put it. Does anyone know what the final card size be? Will I be able to use standard card sleeves (approx 92x66mm) with them or will the cards be a custom size? Also any word on if they will all fit in the box sleeved? Thanks everyone for your help!! *game mat It seems to me that, since the original goal was $10,000 and they've raised well over 2 million, the game may should come with every copy of the game. I'd like a game mat but not for an extra $30. After all, this is cyanide and happiness. They knew they were going to raise a ton of money. No need to be greedy. @David O, I thought it was a fun way to promote the game, and more interesting than just seeing "you hit the x level, here's 40 more cards!". Really, I'm a fan of the creators and their other works, and knowing how they operate, I'm not sure I would have expected them to be too serious about this... Is there really no way to add some money to my pledge so I can receive a mat? Well said @nathan. Sick of hearing all the **** because someone is making money @miles really? Don't get upset because they made so much. People want the game. Did you get mad at GTA5 for making 500 million in preorder? After the project is funded, the excess amount is in a way, just preorder money. And why get mad at other people for spending their money? Did you donate 2.5 million yourself? So please, do us a favor and remove the negativity from what was a happy friendly supportive comment section. Thank you, enjoy your game. I do love the 'box' questions though: 'will it fit?' 'how will they package?' It's all very meta Cards Against Humanity ;-) A box in a box... @Jonathan McDonnell (3 days ago): +1 totally agree with you on shipping and apparent 'greediness' @Sylvain Ethier: I'm with you on being 'just a buyer' for this KS. I've promoted (shamelessly) several KS projects, where I thought they deserved it. I really really wanted them to succeed and get their (creative) product out there. I gave those a lot of positive feedback, ideas, etc. on KS and Facebook. Loved those projects, since I saw the passion and humour of the creators and how they valued their backers. With this KS? Not so much. I won't use my Twitter for promoting this, since it won't match with the 'seriousness' and type of communication I use for that account. Plus I don't feel they really deserve it. If they can make a game for US$ 35 and ship it for US$ 26 with a 10k US$ goal, with 2.5M revenue, their costs for manufacturing and, logistics, fulfillment and shipping will be way way below that, only a fraction of the original which was sufficient (if not: they are very bad at doing business thingies). So yes, for this KS I am buying a product at too high costs. Because I like the product. But dislike how it is run. And I've been an evangelist (in my mind though) for other KS projects. So it all has to do with how the @creators run a KS. Sorry if anyone's already asked : Will all cards be able to fit in the box? @Miles, if you get offended this easily, then perhaps games like Joking Hazard and Cards Against Humanity aren't for you. These stretch goals are all in fun, and I enjoy seeing the pictures and videos placed by backers. If you don't; want to take part, that's fine, but I am almost 90% certain we will be getting all 350 cards (420 if you backed at a higher tier). @Miles. Don't be that guy, friend. @Miles we still have time to finish the last achievement, and you can help out. Make a pancake video and include multiple people in it! We gave you 2.5 million and we aren't going to get a 350 card deck because of fuc*ing stupid stretch goal requirements. We gave you enough to pay for THE production run and your profit margin will be huge. But because of require wackiness we don't benefit, I've always hated this. 2.5 million. I've backed a lot of KS's and it always leaves a sour taste in my mouth, seeing how much money these stupid projects raise. Imagine how much good could be done for 2.5 million. But not enough to get 350 cards... Excellent idea Nathan! I would totally do a second $1 pledge to try for the diamond achieve! I expect the game to be shipped mid december... just a hunch @Alex The November date is taking into account everything that could possibly go wrong. If nothing breaks, it will be much sooner. @alex, we can print our own as soon as it's over. I know I will be Also, we really need an update on where we are at with the achievements @Nathan Great idea I just did the shameless advertising. That's a good thing because we're not using this as a place for pointless chat (as was done with exploding kittens). It's crazy how many backers this game has yet how inactive the comments really are. Where as other games I have backed have under 10k backers, yet over 12k comments. Really looking forward to playing this! Only thing is waiting until November. Seems like a really long time to print some card. Hopefully they can deliver much earlier � In a box... Anyone know anything about how they are going to package all this together? I wouldn't have found out about this project if it wasn't for the JK crew!!! Good choice on sending them the game!!! XD Somehow, the available countries differ, depending on the reward... I think I am learning twitter tomorrow and then making pancakes EVERYONE! if on the last day we only need one achievement left, everyone needs to make a second pledge, pledging only one dollar! it will add to the backers and we can reach the 69420 :D just an idea. $1 for 40 cards, i think its worth it. Please spread this plan so we can achieve diamond level. (this is only as a last resort) @Vasilis Papaioannou : Sorry to hear that. Some people hare had success getting in touch with the creator and can give their channel so people with legitimate questions can get to them. At the same time with 3 days left I don't know if it worth asking them anything. The answer I'm 99% sure will be no. Fulfillment is usually done in totally different locations. at least here, somebody reads what we are writing. Private message seems to be ignored @Sylvain Ethier I have send a kickstarter private message at 12th of February to creator, asking if there is a possibility to combine shipping (the d*ck among a plushie from their explosm store). Since shipping only for the plushie is 22,50$ to Europe (the plushie itself is cheaper that shipping) I was wondering if by any chance there is a possibility of receiving everything together at November (at a reduced shipping rate). Guess what... I am still waiting for an answer !!! Even now, a short answer (“Yes you can” OR “No you cannot”) would be highly appreciated. Actually what I believe is that there is no point of complaining. NO ONE is listening @Everybody : You should ask your questions to the creator via Private message. They obviously don't answer here and receiving answer from backers that speculate is interesting but yon can't based any decisions based on those. Any news on where we stand with some of the achievements, I know you just posted an update but I figured things change pretty quickly? @Robert they say the mat is kickstarter exclusive, but you never now. I would bet they you will only get the mat via here. The cards will be able to be purchased afterwards as far as I know (but not in the red box, but in the regular white one). At least, that's how I understand it. Well would we be able to buy those later? I mean I dont want to spend 70-80 dollars just for the mat itself. November... @Jonathan McDonnell completely agree with you. Especially shipping to Europe is not reasonable at all, 25 bucks.. I think that the costs for each card game is around 5 - 10 dollars and the rest is their profit. @carl If you look at the illustration it clearly shows 2 red boxes. This has also been asked and answered many times over in comments. Will the 60$ tier receive 2 red boxes? I just did shameless advertising Woot only need18,766 more backers @Robert Yes, they are only available from $75 and up. I cant wait to have this! also are the game mats only available for the 75dollar and up packs? Fart dad and shameless advertising go and then we are done I love this so much, we got the double mats and I kinda hope they will have stitched ends so they don't fall apart so easily like mouse pads or yugioh mats, none the less it's still amazing <3 I really want the mat but can't afford it now... Hopefully you guys will have it for sale as something you can buy separately! also can't wait for the game !!!!!! Surfing on the #shamelessadvertising concept, I need to (gun pointed to the head and all) talk to you about project WARTILE that can be found here : <url>"hail hydra". Please, save me ! @chase if you had more than one person in the video, it counts for the number of people in your video. Just make sure you indicate in the description there are .....people in the video @Bayley It depends on the pledge tier and not on the amount you pay unfortunately. Does anyone else think a fourth card rule would work? If you have, in your hand, a card that would beat the winners third card to make a four card strip, and steal the point? Obviously, it would have to make the strip funnier/sicker. Majority vote to decide. I wish the shipping to the UK wasn't so expensive... @Chase I think (not 100% sure) that 1 video = 1 submission On behalf of everyone who has backed this project , Thank you for making a game that we will play with friends and family but mostly friends My pledge was 80 dollars including shipping does that mean I can get a mat because I've paid the amount for one New backer here! Loce C&H but the shipping fees for spain suck :( I wish I could pledge more for the game though... Can someone tell me if one video with more than one person eating C&H pancakes and crying add to the count as just one video or does it add to the count as many people as are in the video? Welp... I'm finally on the band wagon. CHOO CHOO!!!!! I am a bit disappointed that I cannot add the game mat to my pledge. While the Canadian Dollar is finally starting to rise back up by a bit, I cant justify raising my pledge from $35 to $75 just to get a red box and the game mat. Essentially that is $53 Canadian just to get the game mat :( On a positive note, the game looks great and I cant wait to play it, with or without a game mat!! @Asia A. Inagaki Yes. All pledges at the 75$ tier and over will get a mat. If you are the one who got the Bad Customer Service tier, you will most likely get the mat inside the dead houseplant and then realize how bad customer service can get. @Alexandra I assume that there will be way, but like any other card game: the more the merrier (except solitare, that would be weird). I would think it would come down to a debate style game where both sides explain why their card is the better one and eventually one person agrees with the other or the world ends, whichever comes first. If the world ends, the game ends in a tie: NO EXCEPTIONS. We so got this. Less than 15 people shaving there heads and/or less than 50 more fart dads. Really need to hit up that shameless advertising @Jonathan McDonnell If you are SOOOOOO offended by how you think they are mishandling Kickstarter then pull your pledge and let that be that. Yet your posting here which means you are still a backer. Hypocrite. I will not publicize or tweet anything in regard of this project even if a backed it. I like the project but not the way this kickstarter is done. I prefer publicizing projects where I feel a connection with the creators. For me this KS is like buying a product from a store so I treat it this way. @Alexandra I'm not sure how well it would work for this game, since panels have to make some kind of sense, but I've played CAH 2-player by including "Rando Cardrisian" (a suggested sort of "AI" player in the CAH rulebook). Basically you just make a hand for an invisible player, and play cards from it blindly... allowing 2 people to play since there are now 2 cards to choose from for each judge. Again though, not sure if that would work with comic panels. Hi everyone, quick question: is there a way for only two players to play? Also, not everybody who pledges for the game really checks in with these types of things, let alone helps with these type of things. Some of them just pledge for a kickstarter and that's it. I don't post on twitter either. I also don't really read it that much to be honest. The d*ck moves regarding shipping and mats prevent me from putting any real effort into this kickstarter. I don't do Twitter. Maybe not everybody has or wants twitter. I also don't understand how people won't do the simple #shamelessadverting Twitter Achievement. I have now asked friends who haven't even pledged to this ks to do it, they have no problem with it. But it is a shame they are the ones earning those who haven't done it and are pledged 40 additional cards. Does posting a photo of me with a shaved head looking like one of them count? @Ryan You are absolutely right in saying that we are funding a project and not buying a product. The creators have outlined that to deliver their product in the various tiers they would charge a certain price. This means that if (as they've shown) receive $10,000 in funding it would cost them roughly $25+shipping to make and ship a standard game (while paying fees etc. etc.) They have received considerably more than $10,000 and this means they now have to produce more games. Producing more games means that (per game) it will be substantially cheaper for them to produce the product we are supporting. As with other Kickstarter projects they have decided to use the extra funding to provide reasonable stretch goals, which I of course welcome. This will obviously mean it costs them a little more to produce a game considering there are now more cards. But things changed when they added the red box and the game mats. To my mind it would seem that they are not providing these at cost and are using them to generate higher profits. I believe this is against the spirit of Kickstarter (considering that Kickstarter themselves are a benefit corporation). Kickstarter exists to get a project off the ground. To reward those early supporters with a product that is below the projected retail cost and where applicable come with KS exclusives. As you say Kickstarter is not a store and given that we are funding a project, the project creators have a responsibility to their backers. After they have shipped out our games they should outline their costs and be transparent in their dealings. If they want to fleece the people who support their product then Kickstarter is not the place to do it. In that case they should've set up a company, sought investment, manufactured their product and sold to retail (or though their own online store). @Fredi Rosa With regards to the PDF mat, it would still remain KS exclusive. If anyone used the PDF to make their own it wouldn't be a genuine Joking Hazard mat. Just as if people used the Print & Play PDF to make cards they wouldn't be the genuine KS exclusive cards but cheap copies. As for the shipping, if it is a case that there are being roasted by the distributers, then they should change distributors. In any case, there is a service I am using called DPD Parcel wizard that will transport packages/mail from Northern Ireland (UK) to the Republic of Ireland. This service will cost me about €4 ($4.50/£3), and it will be tracked and insured. There is no reason why the organisers of this project could not arrange to have the games destined for Ireland, shipped to the UK first (for €29) and forwarded to addresses in Ireland. It makes no sense what so ever for the shipping costs to be $26 more expensive to ship to Ireland. You mentioned customs, but I don't think you understand how EU friendly projects are supposed to work. They ship the games to a distributer in the EU. They pay the relevant VAT and customs duty for that country. They then send the games to the backers within the EU. VAT and duty paid in one EU country is sufficient to allow the game to be sent to another EU country without there being any additional charges. If they are not sending the game to an EU distributer first, but sending directly from the US to Ireland/UK/etc. Then the only difference in tax is the slightly higher VAT rate in Ireland compared to the UK (3%). There should be no difference in the actual shipping cost from the US to Ireland or the UK. So in other words the shipping+tax cost to Ireland should at most be $5 more expensive. Does anyone know if the special ($100+) tiers also get the game mat? Just sent my tweets to dave Thanks for the official update! Under 200 #ICraveDave to go, and right over halfway on Shameless advertising. Would a father to a kitty count as a dad? I could probably convince my fiance to let me write Fart on his head. We only have 5 days left, please help us complete these achievements!!!! Also I meant the Facebook profile has to changed with the link to the kickstarter in the description. #shamelessadvertising We need people to hit on dave on twitter using @daveexplosm #icravedave, tweet #shamelessadertising with the link to the kickstarter, change their profile picture with a link to the kickstarter in the description, video recording of people eating pancakes while crying and a picture of dad's with fart on their forheads *goals What are the other remaining lvl 5 goal that need to be completed? I'm gonna say it again. The stretch goals would nearly be done if people did the damn twitter goals. DO IT already! TWEET PEOPLE TWEET! DAMMMMN CYANIDE, LOOK AT THEM DOUBLE POSTS... I'm sorry, it's a horrible meme. What double posts? What double posts? Dam these double posts @Jason Mace same here, but what can you do, "maybe people that create things aren't concerned with your delicate sensibilities."- Rick and Morty (mostly pointed at the huge complainers lol) @Jason Mace same here, but what can you do, "maybe people that create things aren't concerned with your delicate sensibilities."- Rick and Morty (mostly pointed at the huge complainers lol) Wish they would just make add ons so I could get the mat.... I dont want two decks just the mat. I am sorry, I checked the prices this morning before I went to work and just rehashed what I read here (it is now 5:15 PM here, so I did not remember correctly). I guess it makes sense you get a discount for 2. The $75 tier is still weird imo and like I said, imo add-ons would make more sense, but I don't care to be honest. I would not use the mat anyway (the mockup looks good by the way, but I don't see myself using it). Not sure why that posted twice @mette I think they are pricing the mats like this to add incentive to get the higher tiers. Grocery stores do a similar price scheme making buying items in bulk lowers the price per item a little. @mette I think they are pricing the mats like this to add incentive to get the higher tiers. Grocery stores do a similar price scheme making buying items in bulk lowers the price per item a little. To be more accurate, the mats are $30 at the $75 tier, and $20 a piece at the $100 dollar tier. I understand those mats can be expensive to create, but the main thing is that the tiers are just weird and they should create add-ons for the mats instead of new tiers imo. It is weird a mat is $40 bucks for one tier and $30 for an other, but I am not going to buy one so for me it doesn't matter. Maybe they are afraid of all the administrative problems you get with add-ons (or they don't want to create a lot of mats), but something like a mat is perfect as add-on. Constantly creating new tiers is "original" as I never seen that before, but why not. I am happy with my pledge tier and that is what counts. Nm. The total estimate without shipping was around $25 to $30 for custom single run production per mat. *$10 to make Read that before you complain about the price per mat. Tldr: They cost $20 to make and they are exclusive. For anyone wondering about the price of mats, refer to @Fredi's post: "For the mats, I'm assuming that these are not just giant mouse pads like what you are talking about (I assume you are talking about those, since mousepads are really cheap to make). These mats may be similar to the Grip Mat I have for board games. It would most likely be one either made from polyester or from neoprene (the same stuff that most wetsuits are made of). While both materials are mass produced, they tend to be pricey even in bulk. For one sq.yd. (or roughly 9.1 m2 for those who use the metric system), the cost of neoprene, which is the most common material for these kinds of mats, is at 20 to 30 USD. that is enough to make about 7 mats. As for the rubber, for the same amount to cover the neoprene, it would cost about 30 to 40 USD. Just for the material, at a moderately high cost it would be about 10 USD per mat. If that was all to it, I would agree with you about the cost being too high. Sadly, the cost for manufacturing and creating custom designs on them jump the charge to roughly 25 to 30 USD per mat since it's a limited run. I suggest you just pick up a Grip Mat or similar gaming mat if you play a lot of board and card games on a large surface like I do. In the end, does the mat matter? It's not like they are forcing you to buy it. You can simply keep the pledge you have already. It's your cash, so you can make your own choices. If someone else thinks it's worth it, they can go for it. Also, if they made a PDF of the mat, it wouldn't be a KS exclusive since people can pay to have the design printed on a large cheap mouse pad or even a blank gaming mat after the campaign ended and could sell them for a profit. As for the shipping from both Ireland and the UK, It's mostly on the distributor, the fees, and the fact that USPS is most likely not the carrier for this project. The most likely thing is that the carrier is UPS via DHL International Services. It's a common thing for DHL to take up US International shipping to many places in Europe. While sending out individual packages may seem the same in both areas, a company shipping out mass amounts of product is different. Ireland is known to have wonky import and customs charges when businesses try sending things there. Also, C&H is an AMERICAN business. They ship the products out from America. I would agree with you if they were shipping from Britain or Ireland (and no, having Dave around doesn't count), but they aren't. Even then, I'm just assuming that you're talking about the Republic of Ireland and not Northern Ireland, which is part of the UK. Also, I don't know their distributor or their carrier, so for all I know I may be completely wrong, but it's the most likely thing to have happened." @kazjumi you get the one set. You need to up to $100 to get the double games, that means you also get 2 mats I'd add on $15 or so to add-on the white mat to the basic tier... but upping my pledge from $35 to $75 just to add the mat seems... "silly" ...Why is the mat $40? @Joe thanks joe Come on people. It's time to mack on @DaveExplosm a little harder. If we pledge the $75 tier do we still get the double pledge included or is it just one set? @Sylvain, yea I don't care about the mat, either. I'm approaching this game much the same way as Cards Against Humanity. Not once, in the 6+ years of playing CAH have I ever said "you know what this game is missing? A play mat!" So I don't see a need for a play mat, either. @brain, they send out a survey for your address closer to time of shipment So just out of curiosity, I did back this project and this being the first one I've ever funded I was hoping someone could give me a little more info on how this worked. It stated that once created they would ship out to me their card game but nowhere on kickstarter did I see anywhere to place a shipping address. So the question is how will c&h obtain our addresses So, how about them stretch goals?! Twitters, profile pics, farts and pancakes. We sure could use everyone's help. Oh and shipment and mats, there aren't going to change it, they personally told me. @Ryan : lolol You should make game too you are pretty funny :) I am in your team man ! I also hope Trump will win the next election !!! GO TRUMP GO ! @Sylvain : Because, like I said, we are FUNDING a product, not BUYING it. And, this is America and you can sell things for whatever price you want. It's called capitalism..... @Ryan : How it is beside the point ? @Tyler : Totally agree with you and with the people even if I personnaly don't care about the mat You sure are an entitled bunch of SOBs. The price of the product is the price of the product. If you don't want to pay what they want, nobody is forcing your hand. Personally, they can just take my money..... Also, Big V took the words out of my mouth. $2 million is REVENUE. REVENUE =/= PROFIT. Also, this is Kickstarter. We are FUNDING a product....not buying it. Yes, the tiers were clearly priced by someone who needs to go back to a remedial math class, but that's beside the point. @Sylvain, I think most people aren't mad that the mat is around $20 (at the $100 level... $60 for the double deck tier, and then $20 each for two mats). I think most people are frustrated that the mat has different costs depending on the tier you choose. Honestly, the play mat fills like it is better suited for an add-on than creating new reward tiers. I just want to say. Everyone who thinks they are making $2 million has to divide that by the number of backers. Now you will see the amount closer to 50-60 per backer. Now subtract the manufacturing cost (which typically have a huge set up cost) and shipping and then you can see why everyone doesn't get a free matt. The way I see it, the creator put a lot of importance on items that are EXCLUSIVE. They don't want many people having the mat or many people having the red box. From my perspective they making these exclusive items and sell them as exclusive. I good mat can cost around 20$. I guess you are paying for the mat and for the exclusivity. I see couple of KS where items like that were ADD-ONS. You can try to suggest it to the creator but good luck with that ! What about the Diamond level ? People know if we are close ? @Kim Berg No. The estimated date is the latest that the products will be shipped in a worst case scenario. We can expect a summer release, most likely late June or early July, to be the earliest that they will ship. @Kim Berg No. The estimated date is the latest that the products will be shipped in a worst case scenario. We can expect a summer release, most likely late June or early July, to be the earliest that they will ship. Will it really take until November for this to get in our hands?!?! @Jonathan McDonnell For the mats, I'm assuming that these are not just giant mouse pads like what you are talking about (I assume you are talking about those, since mousepads are really cheap to make). These mats may be similar to the Grip Mat I have for board games. It would most likely be one either made from polyester or from neoprene (the same stuff that most wetsuits are made of). While both materials are mass produced, they tend to be pricey even in bulk. For one sq.yd. (or roughly 9.1 m2 for those who use the metric system), the cost of neoprene, which is the most common material for these kinds of mats, is at 20 to 30 USD. that is enough to make about 7 mats. As for the rubber, for the same amount to cover the neoprene, it would cost about 30 to 40 USD. Just for the material, at a moderately high cost it would be about 10 USD per mat. If that was all to it, I would agree with you about the cost being too high. Sadly, the cost for manufacturing and creating custom designs on them jump the charge to roughly 25 to 30 USD per mat since it's a limited run. I suggest you just pick up a Grip Mat or similar gaming mat if you play a lot of board and card games on a large surface like I do. In the end, does the mat matter? It's not like they are forcing you to buy it. You can simply keep the pledge you have already. It's your cash, so you can make your own choices. If someone else thinks it's worth it, they can go for it. Also, if they made a PDF of the mat, it wouldn't be a KS exclusive since people can pay to have the design printed on a large cheap mouse pad or even a blank gaming mat after the campaign ended and could sell them for a profit. As for the shipping from both Ireland and the UK, It's mostly on the distributor, the fees, and the fact that USPS is most likely not the carrier for this project. The most likely thing is that the carrier is UPS via DHL International Services. It's a common thing for DHL to take up US International shipping to many places in Europe. While sending out individual packages may seem the same in both areas, a company shipping out mass amounts of product is different. Ireland is known to have wonky import and customs charges when businesses try sending things there. Also, C&H is an AMERICAN business. They ship the products out from America. I would agree with you if they were shipping from Britain or Ireland (and no, having Dave around doesn't count), but they aren't. Even then, I'm just assuming that you're talking about the Republic of Ireland and not Northern Ireland, which is part of the UK. Also, I don't know their distributor or their carrier, so for all I know I may be completely wrong, but it's the most likely thing to have happened. @Luke Well, yeah technically, but I would say every tier over $60 as I don't see people paying $10 more for a red box and then choose a white box :). So I find it very weird they worded it like that. Any tier over $45 gives you a choice of white or red when the Kickstarter ends so you can pledge that amount and then get a white box Can you make a cheaper backer option with the mat you see, I don't like the color red, so I don't care for the red box. And and don't need more than 1 of the same box. The only way to get the mat is to increase by $40, and all that's going is getting me a red box (that I don't want) and the mat that I do want. @Hendrik Wehr The reason the international shipping is high for this project has to do with the distributors and what you are paying for. They have explained this before, but I'll give you a bit of a easier explanation. The creators has taken very careful consideration when it comes to international cost. The last time they did a Kickstarter, their shipping fees were low and in the end caused many people to not receive their things because they didn't realize they had to cover custom charges and import fees and caused the entire project to crash and burn. The shipping you pay covers your country's standard shipping, VAT, handling fees, etc. for the most part. Most, if not all, of the import cost is covered by the distributors and by C&H themselves. They have taken very excruciating steps into making sure you don't get hit by a secondary fee from your country when they ship out your stuff. The shipping fee is all inclusive and is sure to cover everything so that it is a smooth transition when it comes to getting your stuff. Trust me, as an American, if I want something imported from another country, I usually get hit $100+ for import and customs fees for every package I get. In short, it's not so much the creator's fault, it's mostly global trade being expensive. @creator so now it's time to ask you for real Information. The only think i hear from you is what cool new thinks happen and such a Stuff. But there are many questions from many backers (including me) which are important to know. Like why are the shipping cost so high? Extra paymant for kickstarter exklusive? etc.. It would be nice if you could anwser these question here in the comment section. The think is that kickstarter in my opinion is something where the creator got an idea and the backer are helping bringing this idea to live, with there money!!! So we deserve to know what happen with our money. I am thinking about canceling my pledge. Not why the game is Bad. I love this idea. But the communication between the creator and the backers is not what i think about kickstarter. It is sad that for me that we are not involved in the process and I hope that there is something you can say about that. @Jonathan Mcdonnell thanks for that. It's the same question i got. Please @creator give us a anwser! Hey guys, I just wanted to say that I'm not happy at all. I pledged $60 plus $29 shipping to the UK for two games. If I want to get a mat for each of those games I need to change to the $100 pledge tier and pay $39 shipping. I cannot understand how it can cost $50 to produce and ship two soft rubber and cloth gaming mats. I find it difficult to comprehend that you are capable of displaying this level of greediness, so I feel I will have to seriously consider cancelling my pledge. You have given us no indiction of the costs involved but from looking around online it would seem that producing 500+ gaming mats would cost around $3 perhaps even less. I'm expecting at the end of the campaign that you would release a detailed breakdown of how our money was spent and so in that way we would know that were not being fleeced. I very much feel that pricing the mats so high has left a very bad taste in the mouth. But to be fair I think one simple way to make up for the unfair prices would be to release a printable PDF version of the mat. That way we could print our own if we're not able to afford the extra $30/50. It would also show us that you're not just out to make as much profit from us as possible. Also I wonder if you might be able to explain why shipping is $29 (to the UK) for the $60 tier but $55 for shipping to Ireland. Shipping from the UK to Ireland does not cost anything near $26. Also if you're shipping from the US (via USPS) the price of shipping to the UK and to Ireland are the same. How much are the spiffy new mats going to be? Whoever was asking about wanting 2x $60 tiers, just leave them a message and I'm pretty sure they'll let you know. Alternatively, make a second account with the same address and everything and pledge $60 on both accounts for a guaranteed "yes". If only they would make the mat an optional buy. I want one, but I don't want to sack half my $60 pledge tho Working out these pledge tiers now is like an exercise in mathematics for the insane. So you up your Double order at $60 to $100 and you get two mats with that double order so that would place the Mats at $20 each. BUT to get one mat you have to up your order of $45 to $75 to include the mat which prices it out at $30 how does that work? Can I get an unsigned wooden box? Would that be cheaper? Personally look at how much over we went in funding. Even at the basic $35 pledge they could throw in 1 mat per pledge, and lose no money. They are making a drinking version of the rules so it just stands to reason a matt was already in the works, and probably should have opened up at the million dollar mark. Just saying not complaining. Kinda disappointed that if I was to up my $60.00 pledge to the $75.00 I would loose half of the product just to get a mat. Can they make it a certain amount of money then you get a place mat because I don't wanna pay more money They could do make a 90% or 100% completion goal. That would be the next logical step. Red box, sure. Game mat.... don't use the ones i have, not worried about this one. anyone thought, that since it is them that "unlock" the goals, that even if we pass the correct # to achieve the goal, they could keep it locked until the end to keep suspense? As this is the last level and no stretch goals planned afterward, and they probably have no desire to add more to the game without increasing price... @ I guess you need to order 2 x 2 copies (so with 2 people). I don't see any other way on how to order 4 copies (as there are no add-ons and the pledges only provide 1 or 2 copies (or 3, but that one was a limited one and is already gone)). Hi from the UK! I've just been talking to some friends and everyone wants to get in on this game now. Is there a way I could get four copies of the game? @Jesse Wallace You can change your pledge by clicking on "Manage Your Pledge". There you can change your pledge level. Select the $45 pledge there (the shipping will adapt) and then click on continue. If you just change your pledge price without changing the pledge level, you just pay more, but you will get the pledge tier you selected (so $35 in this case). If the project has add-ons (which this one doesn't), you can add certain products (mentioned on the kickstarterpage) by just upping your amount, but without upping the pledge level, but like I said, this project doesn't have those. So if you want the $45 tier, you have to change it via Manage Your Pledge. Hopefully this is clear enough, otherwise ask away. I already pledged 35 but if I were to add another 10 would that place me into the 45 category? or do I have to pledge the 45 all at once? New to kickstarter Well, C&H has officially made more than Star Citizen's record breaking 30 day pledge @Sithu YY They already responded to other people that the $60 perk will give you the choice on which color of boxes you want. 2 red, 2 white or 1 white and 1 red box. After the kickstarter has finished, they will ask what color eveybody wants if you pledged for $60 and above. Can I get a confirmation pledging $60 perk (ex shipping) will also get the Red Box? Ah so looking at the campaign sonce the update, the only way to get a mat is to pledge 75 or more? Is that correct? How do I obtain the mat? @Luke Id say that's probably very realistic for the cost of making what is a limited small batch of mats. Cost and price only go down when something is mass produced. Plus, they ARE a business so they have a right to make a profit on all of this. Really this is nothing more than a preorder. If you aren't comfortable with the cost, just don't buy that tier or even rescind your pledge. Having backed their last project Id say they are trust worthy and not out to rip us off. So... the mat went down well. We have to add $30/$40 for a mat?! I have tried not to moan about the shipping or the cost to increase to red box but that is obscene for 11" x 17" foam mat Over 2 million and they can't afford to throw in a free mat. Seriously people hit up those twitter goals, they're super easy and should've been done by now. @Hunna Bradley As there are no add-ons, you will get 1 bundle, but pay for 2 if you pay 120$ and pledge for the $60 bundle. Like Joshua says, you can if you create a second account (but I am not sure it is allowed to do this to be honest). You have to pay double shipping though. You can if you make a second account. If I pledge $120 will/ can I get two of the $60 bundles? @Ryan I understand it that the packs are the same for everybody. It would be more logical to have an add-on for the mat however, but what can you do. I'm surprised there aren't any add-ons available, regardless if the mat is one of them. I'd be interested in buying additional booster packs, assuming they're random from a larger pool. There is no guarantee that the play mats won't be made available after the campaign, especially given C&Hs track record, so I am staying put. I guess I will state my opinion, I was fine with everything in this kickstarter until the mats came into play, I pledge the 2 deck combo and was excited to see a playmat was going to come out and for only 75.00 that's awesome. That is until I took another look and saw it would remove my second deck, second expansions and everything for it. Cyanide & Happiness please reconsider this and make 1 platmat along with the 2 deck combo for 75.00, it's true I don't know the cost of things however i'm not so sure playmats cost 30.00. Otherwise I will stick to the 2 deck combo, either way thank you for making this awesome game. I find it funny that the people complaining about people complaining about shipping or the red box are now complaining about the mats ;-) As far as the mats go I do agree however :-), but I did not expect anything else. I don't need it. It looks nice, but I am not paying 100$ for a cardgame and a mat. But I understand people who do want it. I am not sure what the normal cost is for this type of mat. It is possible it is more expensive to produce then the deck itself if it is good quality. So there's only 6 days left in the campaign and we still don't know anything about an option of being able to add a third deck to a two deck ($60) pledge....can we please get a final response as to whether or not this will be possible instead of just "we're going to look into it/we're looking into it"? Why can't they just add it to the normal two deck combo @Polarthief I was just commenting on him complaining about people wanting stuff for free I personally don't mind paying for the Matt but Not the price they seem to want for it and the fact that they just seem to be adding it on at only specific levels seems like it is just a cash grab they decided to thrown in at the end of the project. Changing the topic a bit, I'm curious if the C&H team would be okay with having your mother write the word "FART" on their forehead instead of father. Kinda hard to reach someone across the country vs someone who lives minutes away from you. That was quite the response to the mats! They're definitely too rich for my blood, but hopefully those who can afford them love them. I think they look cool, but not cool enough to double my pledge. The first result in a quick search revealed the cost to produce a custom fabric/rubber game mat to be $4 (at a quantity of only 25, cheaper with more). I know the idea of a KS is to make money, but this seems to be a rather large mark-up on a mat. I upgraded to the $100 for now, but I'm so back-and-forth on this that I'll probably drop back down to the $60 before the campaign ends. If we get in Dave's pants, does that count for both hitting on him and the ice bucket challenge? @Big V, I was going to say... It's all good, though. If we all tried hard enough, we could beat this level and all of the previous achievements (they'd probably do something for us if we did) For this level we need to beat: - 100 people crying while eating C&H pancakes on video. It says it has to be 100 people. They could be in the same video and still count. I don't know how many we still need, but if a few people made videos with like 20 people in each one, it would be over quicker. - 100 people write fart on their dad's forehead. They said we have less than 50 to go. It shouldn't be too hard to finish this one before it's over. - 1000 people changing their profile picture. This one isn't hard, but not enough people are submitting the proof that it also has the link on it. There are plenty of us in the group that we should be able to do this. - 5000 people linking to Joking Hazard/5000 people hitting on Dave. Since the 5000 people hitting on Dave can be the same people, if each person sent 100 this should be knocked out too. There have been a few people that have been good for 100-1000 tweets just as one person, so we got this! If we tried to beat the previous achievements to have 100% completion we just need the following: - 10 videos of 2 people sharing the same pants while getting ice water dumped on them. (I wish we knew how many we already had) - 10 bands playing the C&H theme, or any song from the animations (in one of the updates they shared a few that we had, this seems like the hardest one that we have left since you'd have to figure out how to play their music) - A video of two elderly people reenacting a C&H comic. We only need one! Who has cool elderly people that would let you use them for a video? - A picture of a C&H plushie in every state. This is one we would need to know what we already have submitted, and try to get the ones that were left covered. These all seem pretty doable to me people. I don't have enough friends to do most some of these, but if we all really tried, we could do it! @Lord Zombitten Nevermind. I misread your comment. @Lord Zombitten I thought the same thing until you look closely. The $75 level is only 1 Deck, 1 Booster and 1 matt. I would be all over that I would go for that. 10 bucks for the mat is reasonable. Give us the option to add the mat to our 60 dollar pledge. 10 bucks for a mat and I'm in. i have had custom one off mats printed for 25$ CAD, 40 USD for a mat that is going to be mass produced is kinda high IMO Honestly the mat is nice, but it is expensive. They may change their price point, but we should focus more on the stretch goals. Getting 40 more cards takes higher precedents, as this will actually effect game play. It's also worth pointing out that if you're at the $75 level, it's only $25 more to completely double your reward. That's strange to me. I feel the same way. I definitely want 2 copies of the game, but I only need/want one matt. I am giving the other copy (+booster) away as a gift. The mat looks nice...for $10. I'd have to increase my pledge by $40 to get it. It's not worth that much to me. @Joshua: No one is denying that. Some of us are just pointing out that they're asking a LOT for a mat, more than the base game in fact. @Richard: I don't think anyone is asking for the mat for free. I just think that the $75 tier should be a lot lower (like $55-60) and the $100 tier should be around $80-85. @Shawn: Yeah, and they might have a lot of leftover mats after the KS ends. A lot of KSs do that. For example, Secret Hitler would let you upgrade to nearly anything or pick up some extra things you wanted. While that may not happen with JH, it's better to wait if you agree with the pricing being a bit high. Things can always change later. @Polarthief yeah that is kind what I was thinking thanks. Will wait to see if something changes cause it would be nice to have the mat. Sucks to be in. Your situation dropping a game for a mat no way would i. @TenChiGin because almost all kickstarters SfN at some point I can understand not giving away the Matt to all backers but you should offer it to the high level backers free then offer it as like a $10 to $15 add-on sold separately, I went half with a friend at work for the $60 level and I would like the Matt but he doesn't and I will damned if I am willing to spend $40 extra for 2 and don't give me crap about them taking a loss on extras when they are sitting on over $2 million for a simple card game. For everyone commenting on the mats, just remember that every pledge $25+ received the full base game. They will not retract that offer, and everything else is provided by a strech goal or additional charge. You will still receive the game, even if you don't think the mats are worth it. They are catering to every crowd, and they are not retracting from the core product they are providing. @polarthief that's why I upgraded to the 100 dollar tier. Two red box. Two mats. Two boosters. 50 bucks for each set. Best and cheapest deal IMO. @Shawn: You go to the $75 tier for just a mat from the $45 tier, yes, though I really don't recommend it. You might as well get a second game for $15 cheaper, sell the second game when the KS is over, and just buy a mat later with that money (and you'll have leftover money). Mats not available? Oh well, you didn't miss out on much. This is a great idea for a new card "For just $30 more you can add a MAT!" You can add it to only the Red Kickstarter boxes. So how do I go about adding the mat do I need to go from $45 to $70? @Michael: I understand that, but I'm at the $60 tier, meaning I get TWO red boxes. If I "upgrade" to the $75 tier, I literally LOSE a game for a mat. That's basically +Mat from the $45 tier, meaning that they're asking $30 for the mat, which I think is asking waaaaaay too much for an accessory. It's more than the base game itself! Poor showing. This may make me drop my pledge all together. Dude..how do they justify such a radical price jump just for a mat? I've gotten better quality mats with more complex graphics and colors on them for not even half the price they're trying to get out of us. Still getting the game, but unless the mat issue is addressed it won't be added to my pledge. I would've liked the mat to be 10 dollars more to each pledge @Polarthief you get the red box and mat for 75 I dig the mat but it's a bit too much for me. Now, if you'll excuse me, I am really craving some Dave right now. I'm already annoyed that the red box is $10 more for literally being red (when IMO that should be the "KS pledge box" and not require a cost increase), but whatever. +$15 for a mat and a LOSS of a red box is insane. @Bayley. It's rubber and cloth, so likely to be quite durable. Why do people seem to expect SfN when a campaign goes well? You can't expect them to run at a loss, after all. . . . I was going to upgrade from the $60 tier to the new $100 tier, then saw that I was being charged an extra $10 for shipping. Unless the mats are offered as an add-on option at the end, in the backer kit, I'm afraid I've been priced out of the upgrade by the extra shipping costs. Such a shame. :-( Anyone have the achievement numbers for the other Diamond level requirment? Glad to see I'm not the only one that thought a $30 jump was crazy for the mat. I like it and would have upped my pledge for the hell of it but not for that much I'm really annoyed , seriously why do they not give the playing map to everyone seriously I don't want to pay even more money for a piece of paper Yeah the pricing leaves something to be desired for those mats... If I didn't want 2 games I wouldn't have spent this much already but I do. Im not switching out for a mat and id only use 1. Both games are for me ;) @Jack: Unless you live in another country where it asked you to add more for shipping costs, no, you should be just fine. I love play mats but for a $40 USD increase over my current pledge and then $3 USD more for shipping forget it. $52 including shipping for the base game + expansion is high enough as it is. If the $75 tier was the $100 tier instead, and just take away a mat, I'd gladly upgrade to $75 from $60. I want my two boxes and I'd like a mat, but I'm not adding $40 for two mats, nor $15 for the mat AND losing my second box. Mat looks cool and I'd like to have it, but that's worth like $10 tops. Not dropping $30 for a mat. @Fen: You're SoL, which is why I'm incredibly confused at the pricing of the single mat+single game price. It's more expensive than the double red box and takes away a box on top of that. SO I DONATED AT THE $35 LEVEL, did i need to add on extra for shipping costs or is that included in the $35? $200 to get the box?! Can I just buy the box separately? What if you want 2 games but 1 mat? @Brandon: $45 tier gives you a red box $60 tier gives you 2 red boxes $75 tier gives you a red box (only one, not two like the previous tier) and a mat $100 tier gives you 2 red boxes and 2 mats This means that the $75 tier is just $30 extra from the $45 tier for a single mat, and the $100 tier is $40 more for 2x the $75 tier. I'm having an issue understanding the pledges. I want the Red Box (45) but I want the 2 deck edition so I did the 65 dollar pledge. So now that I pledge 65 do I not get the red box ? Now I want the mat. If I increase my pledge to 75 do I give up the 65 dollar 2 deck reward and red box ? Or if I pledge 75 do I get the red box and 2 deck ? Mat's nice but $30 for it? :\ Kinda weird how you go from doubling the $45 tier for $60, but then you go back to singles at $75. Oh well, I'd rather have two games than a mat and one game. @Rob McMullen Yes, for every pledge tier $60 and above they will ask you which color you want the boxes after the kickstarter is done (you can mix and match the colors). If I do the 2 deck combo for $60 can I get them in the Red Box Kickstarter Edition? I was really looking forward to get this game, but with that shipping cost to Europe, I'll settle for a few more boosters for CAH for now. Maybe another time. For the time being, a smaller pledge will have to do. @Stephen Dannell Once you poop you have pooped! Confused by your policy on postage to the EU. There should be no import taxes. We are NOT paying $25 or 35 for a pack of cards. We are donating that money to the KS. The cards we get back are a thankyou and of only nominal value hence for the UK fall under the single item limit for VAT which is the charge usually levied. This is how other KSs I've backed have handled it. Writing on my dad's forehead might be a bit too fart fetched. do the twitter and fb one its easy and the pannkake one then we are done @alex tried, won't let me for some reason My problem is they keep posting how they make weird rewards like "Bad Customer Service", but though they say they do it throughout the campaign, nothing has been new for them in days. I just feel lied to. You could all change your Facebook photo. We have extra check marks left over from the grass land and water land, so maybe we can count those? I doubt it, but it would mean that we'd only need to get 2 more on Diamond land. Only 4 more to go in 8 days. Maybe if we get close, they will have pity on us and include the cards anyway. Cool, we got the stop motion one done yay more than 5000 twitter followers and almost 25000 facebook fans come one, grab your closest coussins and force them to like :p @Stephen summer might be pushing it ;p but that would be awesome! @Miranda: Thank you for your help! You are a true Joking Hazard. :) @Nathan: They will send you a survey at the end of the campaign to see which color of decks you would like. You can chose to have them both be red. :-) They answered this earlier in the campaign. :-) If you pledge the $60 level are both decks red? I've done the ones I can help with. I don't eat pancakes and my dad definitely won't let me write FART on his forehead. Hopefully we can complete this level. woops its hashtag #ICraveDave my bad Damn still only 2 done. No surprise to me there, I believe most people are just not participating in the twitter achievements. Look how long it took for the joking hazard page to hit 5k followers when there was 30,000 backers. Get off your asses people and start tweeting if you wanna see those extra 40 cards! #shamelessadvertising #CraveDave @Devon @Silver - Ah that's great news! I wasn't aware the late release included any possible delays. Here's hoping we have it for summer! :D I would not be too sure with the amount of people backing this. I have seen kickstarters which worked perfectly fine with a lot of backers (exploding kittens was on time, which I was very surprised about), but I have seen more delayed projects then projects which were on time to be honest. If they manage to get it to most of the backers before or in November, that part of the project is very well managed and I will be a happy backer. I am not saying it is impossible, but with more backers, there is more chance of stuff that goes wrong. But of course I hope I am wrong about this and they will manage to get it out for November (which is quite a long time away, so i guess it should be fine). @Stephen I think the current estimated shipping date includes a few delays so if all goes well we might be getting them earlier! @Stephen The November shipping date is taking into account everything that could possibly go wrong. If all goes well, it will ship far sooner than that. If nothing goes right, the absolute latest we will get it is November. Wondering if there's any chance of the release date being pushed up? While they don't look like perfect squares to me (more like flat rectangles, soa bit higher then they are wide), I am not sure if there are card protects which will fit them. I guess it depends on the width. @Elliander Eldridge lamination? Idk, I'm hoping they have some kind of plastic finish or something to make them spill resistant. If the cards are squares, will there be any card protection sleeves that will fit them? Can someone tell me how we are doing on the challenges? Well I just pledged $35 + $26 shipping I hope the game will have replay value and cards will be impervious to alcohol :D Awkward awkward spelling. Awkward Well damn then that's akward @Spenser yes, you will get two identical sets, including all the booster packs and Kickstarter exclusives for each deck. @Bayley affording to my phone you were 1,005th ;p Id like to thank my parents , my family and my 1st grade teacher who said I should follow my dreams. THANK YOU !!! 1000 COMMENTS 999 For the blast from the past pack, dies that mean there would be ****/holocaust jokes? Can anyone confirm that the $60 "Two Deck Combo" will include two of everything (Including 2 Red Box Editions, 2 Blast from the Past, and 2 Kickstarter Exclusive Boosters) or will it only have 2 decks and 1 KS booster? How are we doing on the challenges? Where can I help out? Sam you are my hero! @Mette: if I'd be nasty, I'll plot the same data next to those of Exploding Kittens KS (see if I can find all the shipping rates). Then you'll likely see that there is not so much difference in coverage. There Germany does much better (5th backing country after US, Canada, UK and Australia). And Cards Against Humanity would not make any sense: though the game is very popular they only had 758 backers (and took off from there). @Micah Cain Sure, but you have to pay $60 shipping ;-) @David O. Nice charts, I miss Belgium them, but I see there is no data for Belgium (not that many Belgians are backing it I guess). I don't even know why. Maybe C&H is not that well known or something (I know them for quite some time, but that doesn't mean anything I guess). But I like the idea and apreciate the time you spend making them. It is cool to check them out. David O. - LOL... my applause and my hat off to you sir! Quite well done indeed. This chart is much more informative, I think. :) You are a rockstar! @Micah: I think not :) March 10th (funding day) is my birthday. Can I have my copy free as a birthday gift? @Night: my chart is just for entertainment values as well. I've made another chart. You'll have to weigh in population size as well. Face it, in Vatican City you won't sell as many games as in the USA purely based on population size. I've taken the same data, added the country's population size according to the CIA World Factbook. And calculated the number of backers for each 1 million residents of each country. The plot: <url>"That poop stinks. Do a different poop. A nicer smelling poop." They can not take the last poop back, it's done. You can show them other people's poops that you have liked the smell of. You can show them other people who claim that they could have made the initial poop not stink quite as much but it's too late knowing that now. They have already pooped. I completely understand where everyone is coming from. The poop stinks for me. I am paying a lot for shipping. I wish I wasn't but I am. I accept it. I accept there is nothing at this stage that can be done to rectify it. You could say I like the look of the poop more than I dislike the smell. I have used a poop analogy because I feel it goes well with the theme of the game. Do let's all just get along and enjoy looking watching this poop together (some of us with a worse stink in our noses). Regarding shipping outside the US: I get it. It's a crappy deal for you. I wouldn't buy it at that price. If you don't like the deal, then don't take it. Go do something else. It's clear that no amount of objecting here is going to make a difference. If you do choose to back (even with what you see as exorbitant shipping), the be happy with your choice. It's YOUR choice. Spamming others about your buyer's remorse is not productive. @Reinout: I don't see them as negative, but as constructive replies. We want a good deal (shipping wise) for non-US backers. Resulting in more and happier backers, that is constructive to me. And for the tax thing: also below 45$ you can get charged with taxes. And even if you don't have to pay taxes, you still might have to pay for customs handling (and then they conclude: 'hey, you don't have to pay taxes but still have to pay us checking that you don't have to pay taxes.'). So the fact that they handle all the tax and import stuff is good. However [repeat earlier remarks] more transparancy (like why it can't be done) or a better deal would be better. I agree with David O. I guess those hating Sylvain/us are not the ones having to pay $25 in shipping costs for one single game or $42 for 2. Too bad C&H can only come up with a 'shipping is expensive and we cover tax for you' explanation. Other firms wanted to help with this process, but there was never an official response/explanation for this. On a side note: tax to import into Belgium is not required if the value of the item (incl shipping) is below €45, so the $25 covers shipping. I also understand for those of you not having to pay shipping costs, it's kinda annoying of seeing those negative replies. We wouldn't take the time if we didn't think this game looks really nice. Assume if them = Some of them. Autocorrect... My compliments to @Sylvain. The reason I backed out on persistently addressing the @creator was that Sylvain Ethier and @Mette were doing a great job already. They voiced me by proxy. So yes, you see their comments but there are many many more people who think their way. Assume if them just posting a single comment about the shipping. Many by reading them (I read all 1000 or so comments) and not pledging 1$ so they could comment. For me still a pity that C&H do not respond a lot here. And only answered part of the questions. They could easily have stopped the discussion by being transparent or explaining why other fulfilment options are not possible. Now other backers are making up answers on why. Which is the wrong way. And also the fact that US backers pay no shipping costs (hurray for them!) feels a bit itchy, someone has to pay for that. Free shipping does not exist. It feels like international backers pay the fine for that. Like Sylvain said: I'm all for fairness. In conclusion: yes some of you find @Sylvain annoying and repetitive but he voices many that want to be heard. @Maureen W As far as I can see there are no Add-ons for this kickstarter campaign, so if you pledge for the $60 pledge and pay $120, you will get $60 worth of products, but you paid $120. Quick question: If i pledge for $120 on the $60 or more pledge, will I get 4 or just 2 red boxes? The wording on the Red Panel section of the campaign is not worded very well. My previous post is how I think the rule is intended to work. The way its worded makes it seem as if the Judge gets to play on the Red Panel as well, which could make for a very biased decision. @Travis Radke: When the deck plays a red panel, all players (i think it's all) choose and discard any number of cards and draws that amount. Then, since red panels can only be the third panel, each player other than the judge plays 2 panels to set up the punchline the red panel delivers. The judge chooses a winner and the winner takes the 2 card he/she played as 2 points. I'm having a hard time understanding the red panel rules. Is there still a judge? And when it says everyone can trade cards for new ones @tyler gair You can get 2 red boxes by pledging for the $60 or more pledges. For all pledges above $60 you will be able to choose which boxes you get afterwards and you an mix and match (so you can also choose 2 red boxes). @Ghost of Tom 'Skairkroh' Bule awesome, thanks @Zach: yes, you can. Does anybody know if we can get the red d*ckboxes if we opt for the 60 dollar two pack pledge? @Sylvain: Your the man, man! Live to fight another day (or for that matter campaign). Go stretch goals!!! So, in a goal to get a C&H character smaller than a pin head we see a C&H character smaller than a pin point. A hearty round of applause deserved for the achiever going above and beyond the qualifications. Smaller than a pin point is much more impressive than the pinhead requirements set by the goal. <url>"bad guy". But everybody does that. When there are two sides, we pick one right away, whether we mean to or not. I probably chose mine because the majority of the comments were against you, so my mind went to the majority, as most others did. I am now realizing that everyone is different and everyone has their own opinions. No one's opinion is ever wrong, it is only conflicting. I feel like the reason you were deemed the "bad guy" was because you were so persistent. Persistence doesn't always work, like in this case (yet), but when it does work, it's very useful. You'll go far in life with that. I would also like to commend everyone else who was brave enough to voice their opinions when I'm sure they were aware of the high risk of being attacked. There, I came out of the darkness, contributed to the war that is going on here. Now I'll probably go back and stay there for the rest of the campaign. I definitely had more to say, but it took so long for me to type this that I forgot half of it before I got to it. Oh well. So, I totally forgot about the head shave achievement and shaved clean this morning. I'm going to have to leave myself a sign in the bathroom, but I'll let my hair grow for a week and we'll have one more of those....is it cheating if I'm a bald guy? @Tyson : thank you, it means a lot. @Sylvian Ether it takes a lot of courage to argue for a minority, more to admit you're wrong, and more to apologise for it. You have my respect, and I think everyone (screw you if you don't) can agree with me that although some of us didn't appreciate the remarks you made, we all appreciate that you've apologised. Again, you have my respect and on behalf of everyone who wasn't exactly tolerant of you, my apologies. Although I didn't agree with your persistence, I do know where you're coming from, I'm in Australia and paying $62 USD for my red box and shipping, so I feel your pain, but I also really want the game (and a red box that'll hopefully age better) ;) Again, on behalf of everyone who attacked your point of view, or tried to silence you, my apologies and my respect. Sylvia's ethier , YOU DESERVE A STANDING APPLAUSE FOR THAT PERFORMANCE Why **** about shipping? The Kickstarter is fully funded and a huge success so it will be available for purchase after with probably lower shipping cost. If you really want the Kickstarter exclusives then pony up but this will be available after along with expansions which will make the game just as fun. Does anybody know if there is a free way to track the hastags? Good luck with the strech goal... For all backers that did the stretch goal, you are AWESOME fans. Here my apology for the backers on the comment section but first : @Amy Fiori : I think you are wrong. If you would have agree you could have put pressure on the creator (you know the 99% vs the 1%... I started tby trying to get valid answer from to the creators and they didn't. I was hoping being able to convince the backers because 1 vs the creator doesn't have any weight but 1000 backers and they would have react. Obviously I lost the battle because majority of international backers feel ok with the creator decision. I can't do anyting about that. @Joshua Hric : You prefer Mette because he is nicer. I enjoy reading him and I think is wording was more diplomatic. But he was not the one getting attacked. I don't understand why you say he was more constructive. I even put a link to a google doc that have informations about cost for different fulfillment company proving I was right. I linked 3 different kickstarter showing it was possible to do better. If being constructive means being nicer, he certainly is. Main problem is that majority of people that though shipping was to high just didn't backed the project so there are not in the comment section. I know it is too late for the creator to backup. I still think I was right to fight this but I also know (at least for the international backers) that they put a huge amount of money backing this project so DON'T TRY TO CONVINCE ME... just let it go.... and I will let all of you enjoy the end of the campaign trying to get the strech goal done and enjoying life. I lost this battle... I am pretty sure the creator will do their homework next time. People see this kickstarter as a success... I think they could have sell much more by doing thing differently. Bottomline : I really hope you will enjoy the last strech and the game. Sorry to all the backers if I annoyed you. Yes it was kind of on purpose (not at the beginning but being attacked by people I was trying to defend pissed me). And yes it was a way to protest. My intention was not to hurt the feeling of the backers but try to convince them that together we could have make pressure on the creator. I still feel that majority of people that were annoyed are USA backers that don't even pay shipping so obviously they can't sympathize... So 30000 people are not touch by the shipping but has to endure a protest that they didn't even care about. I see that as selfish but I understand why they get annoyed and for that I apologize. @brent I agree with those being the ones that will be completed.. People just need to be careful with the pancake one. I've seen a few pictures of people eating the pancakes but no recording of them being made(like the description states) ... Don't know of they will count :/ Is there anyway to get a two sets of everything and two red boxes? @Tyler Good luck! Can't wait to see it. :-) I'm doing the head shave in two days (or attempt to). The eyes will be tricky... 5 more! We got this! I think it's going to be Pancake, Stop Motion, Head shave, Fart, and #ICraveDave that will seal the win. Interesting to see how two of the achievements I thought were going to be among the three to not be completed were the first ones completed! Yayyyy back to talking about stretch goals. Wow we got 2 of the hard ones done. Nice job everybody. 5 more to go :O I think two things need to be realized. One, shipping is set, and changing companies at this point will lead to high fines from breaking contacts. Two, quality over quantity. By posting less and saying only constructive comments, you actually increase you impact on the development of the game. I view Mette's ove Sylvain's comments as more influential because Mette talks about the issue in a constructive manner and moves forward in their argument. Sylvain seems to be stuck on one point and won't move. Becomes a dynamic thinker is the key to learning and influencing. @Sylvain: If that's how you really feel, I dare you to turn off the spam filter on your email. After all, it doesn't hurt you, right? You can just ignore the countless messages you don't want to read and focus on the ones that interest you. You don't mind doing that, right? The truth is, you know you're being annoying. You're doing it on purpose as a protest. And I wouldn't mind that except that the people you're annoying are not the ones who can help you. None of the backers can fix the shipping costs, and the creators haven't posted here in weeks. @Mette : alleluia ! I don't get why people that complain about my comments even read them and take time to try to convince me I am wrong. They just have to pass and let me inform other backers. I like your : Let us agree that we disagree. And I am sure the game will be great. I never have any doubt on that ! @EDITOR-VJAS Yeah, everybody is different and that is a good thing. As far as I can see a lot of people are choosing for the red box as well, so I think it was worth it for them to make the choice. @Bayley And you keep complaining that people are complaining. Just let it die and let people say what they think. Not everybody has the same ideas and that is a good thing because otherwise the world would be boring. We alle love C&H. Some people think this is expensive, others think it is priced right and others think it is cheap. The people complaining about the other complainers are just as much in fault as the people complaining in the first place. I know I am doing the same thing, don't take this as a personal attack as it is not. I just respond to you because you are the last comment about this. If it is too much of a problem of dealing with people with different mindsets, just don't read their comments. You are just keeping the flames going (I don't think on purpose, but if you think about it, that's what happening) by responding (the same for the people on the other side of the discussion btw). Let us just agree to disagree and let us all just hope for a great game. Will people ever stop complaining about shipping seriously @Mette, It is a personal choice, I feel it's justified, you're feeling that it's not, and the best part is we are both right. The strangest part at least in my position, is looking at the other game I backed that just finished (TMNT) more people bought the higher priced "Works" edition than the basic edition and many are asking about buying just the basic box to have both. The retail version that will come later will have a third different box all together. This game people can't justify buying a different box. That one, people are buying a second entire game just for a box. It just takes all kinds I guess. @EDITOR-VJAS it is weird, I don't know why exactly I am not hopping on this. If it was 3 to 5 dollars extra I would probably pay it or if it came with something other then the color for $10. I did pay $10 or maybe even more for an autograph with some extras (although I had a struggle to deceide if I wanted to go for it or not) and I skipped on an autograph with an other kickstarter because I found it too much extra. I am still not sure why. I also backed the kickstarter of the oatmeal for more then this (but that was for 2 games + 2 add-ons). I am really not sure as I usually am going for the kickstarter exclusive stuff (as long as it is not insanely priced). Maybe I will still change my pledge, but probably not. I was trying to stop backing so much (all the playing cards I backed were a bit too much), so maybe that's why. I @Mette, I've seen others (and sadly myself) pay a lot more for less in the past. While I know my owe understanding for why I accept it, I am actually a bit taken back by how many others are willing to pay the difference for a bit of red. And honestly, as long as the white box also includes the Kickstarter seal, It's technically an exclusive box too. I totally get it as well, I would really want it, but not for $10. I just can't get my self to spend $70 on a cardgame if it does not give me anything extra except for an other color. It is unfortunate, but I guess that's why it is an exclusive box. I honestly can't wait for this to arrive! :D @Mette and @EDITOR-VJAS Thanks! I'll stick with the lower pledge then. :-) I totally get why people might want it, it just isn't for me! @serena. If you aren't worried about the color then it's $10.00 you don't have or need to spend. I'm only going for it as I've had items in "white" boxes that show their age faster than colored boxes, (sunlight damage, accidental spills and such) so I don't mind (seeing I'm buying a special version anyways) of tossing in the extra bucks for something that may "age" better. In the end it will honestly be a personal choice for many who take it. That said, If I were looking to buy copies to sell later on, (For the record, I am not) I would likely want the red, as it will be more likely to stand out as a special release should the regular retail packaging look similar to the white box. @Serena Pitala The red box is just that. A white box which is painted red as an exclusive kickstarter thing. It was asked by the fans apparently to have a cheaper exclusive kickstarter box then the wood one, so they created the red one (answered by the creator, so I am sure it is the same box). I don't care for it for that much extra either, but I know a lot of people do, but yeah it is the same box. So, I just want to check in about the red box. Is the color the only difference between the $35 and $45 boxes? If the box were larger or contained any cards, I'd definitely increase my pledge, but if it's the exact same box plus some dye, I won't bother. Not knocking the exclusivity factor. It's just not a thing I care about. @Double-Plus Ungood I don't think that is true, it is certainly not the same like it was in the beginning. Also if my post seems as complaining, I am sorry, that was not my intention. I probably should have left that bit out, but yeah. The fact that there are still people going on about this is probably because people care about this project. Otherwise people would not complain and they just wouldn't back. I think the C&H brand is very strong with a lot of fans around the world and people want to support it, but they can't or it is just too much for a cardgame. I am not saying complaining about it helps, but I think you should see it as a possitive that they keep caring about the project. I find it extremely funny that after all this time the only thing the comments section is being used for is one or two extremely butt-hurt fans STILL complaining about shipping. @EDITOR-VJAS Sure, you are right, this one is certainly not being used like a kickstarter should and although I don't mind (and it will be very difficult to check), maybe it should be prohibbited of doing this or it should at least be mentioned on the project page if this is the case. Of course, this will never happen as kickstarter makes tons of money with projects like this. And or course they should not answer every question (and they did answer the shipping one, although I don't agree with their aswer, it seems a bit weird). For me it is ok, they just make less money from me now because I would have gotten a higher pledge otherwise and they lose money from backers outside of the US because they will not back now. I still think they had to choose between getting the US free shipping or get the shipping outside of the US a bit cheaper and they made their (somewhat discriminating) choice. But I understand why they chose this and I of course I never expect shipping to be the same for everybody. The thing is that if you are pissing off or scaring away possible customers, you are not doing the best job you can do. But I guess you can not please everybody and at least they are not screwing over their backers like Zano or what SCiO seems to be doing by waiting more then 2 extra years and then announce a new product before shipping the original one to most of the backers. I guess I am just a bit pissed off by that news, but anyway. I understand where you are coming from, so yeah. I just wanted to make sure people knew kickstarter is not a store. I have backed stuff which did not make the goal 3 times in a row and the product has not been made. @Mette, I understand, and please note that my statement touching on retail was in reference only to the fact that any one requesting crowdfunding can supply or not supply any information about their business model as they choose. Anyone that does not feel the information they require is being provided has the ability and the opportunity to back or back-away as they feel fit. But by no means does a creator or company have to address or acknowledge any questions or requests made to them. (I think we can all agree however that if seems not right or things look bad, and the creator doesn't interact with backers, that their crowdfunding will likely fail.) However. This project is a very simple example that while we are on Kickstarter, this is just a pre-release of something that will be made regardless of the outcome and not crowdfunding to help the little guy get their dreams realized. That said, yes, Kickstarter is not a store, and by that, backing is not the same as pre-ordering, but when an accredited company is using this as a forum that clearly they are using as a pre-release opportunity (not to mention when they set a funding level so low as to clear it immediately), neither the creator, the backers or Kickstarter themselves are treating the project in the way this website was designed, it no longer should be seen through the same glasses as a true crowdfunding project. Also, I just react to the part that you say kickstarter is the same as a store. I don't care about the rest anymore as it is futile to keep rehashing it. C&H answered my questions and I appreciate that (this is how it should be). I still think they did their best to please everybody or at much people as possible and I am confident the product will be great (and that is all that counts). Hopefully they can deliver more or less in time and then I will be a happy camper. *crowdfunding @EDITOR-VJAS But it says in big capital letters that kickstarter is NOT a store. <url>"stretchgoal levels"). I don't mind backing them as I am a fan, but kickstarter is NOT and because we are investors of some sort (or at least this is what it was in the beginning and what the idea behind it was) we can ask stuff like this. If the creators don't want this, they should not use crouwdfunding. Even though I don't always agree with Sylvain, I still wanna be his baby mamma. @EDITOR-VJAS: No worries. We share the same perspective. @Night1505: Bravo good Sir. @Sylvain: I shall only respond to two points. "Here the creator see you as consumers only" Well, of course. That is all we are. We are not investors, we are not buying shares in the company, we are buying their product with our money. That is all Kickstarter is, the first chance to buy a product. "At least I consider all the backers equal and worthy! You have a problem with this ?" A problem? Not at all. We all have been offered the opportunity equally to back or walk away. I've chose to back as have many others. In this venue, worthy is only a question of if you can pay for your purchase. I can and will. If you honestly feel that bad about it, take an offer to split shipping costs with someone, or have it ship to someone you know in the US. The creator has zero obligation to present additional information about their business arrangements, this is no different than buying at retail in this regard. Do you ask the same questions at your local store? Do you demand they lower their cost if another store somewhere else is selling cheaper? These are theoretical questions, no response is required or desired. @James R. Mason: I know is likely pointless, but i worked in a games and comic store for 6 years, I'm more than used to to people spouting similar concerns/complaints, so I know trying to reason is myself just folly, but... I guess I'm just used to trying. @Night1505: I owe you a drink. I haven't laughed that hard in a while. Has @Sylvain Ethier hit his 15 allotted minutes of Internet fame yet? Is anyone keeping track? What would happen if we all simultaneously wished for his keyboard to break? Does he get paid to be a champion of the people, or is it a public service? Does he wear a costume? Does he have a secret identity and a boring day job? Why are things? What does "Sylvain Ethier" mean? Why is Sylvain Ethier mean? Does Sylvain Ethier mean to be mean? Is it all meaningless? Can I have a hug? Why is Diamond Land so rough? Is Sylvain Ethier a diamond in the rough? Does he wear roughcut diamonds? Is he really trying to save us all money? Will he pay for my shipping? Does he secretly want @James R. Mason to slide his cards through his butt crack? Will he personally address all of my questions? Who is Lyle Lovett? What significant historical events took place in Bohemia in 1403? How big is the universe? Why does god hate some people and not others? Who am I? @EDITOR-VJAS: Trying to reason with Sylvain Ethier is much like yelling at a windmill as well. There is no hope for this guy. Between the windmill reference and the tireless fight against the perceived injustice done to others, he shall now be known as Don Quixote de la Mancha. Has anyone else noticed how the creators do not respond to messages sent to them or even address issues in the comments section that seem to have a lot of interest? EDITOR-VJAS : Well why the @creator don't say it... end of story then... So yes it occurs to me. I am asking for transparency... that's all I am asking for... You are to one allowing this project to come to life !!! YOU ARE THE BACKERS !!! You have the right to be part of the project. You are not pawn !!! The spirit of Kickstarter should be that the backers share the adventure with the creator. Here the creator see you as consumers only and for me this is FAR more depressing compare to all the comments you have to endure. At least I consider all the backers equal and worthy ! You have a problem with this ? Something = Sometimes. silly auto correct. @Sylvain, Did it occur to you, that there is every possibility that whatever fulfillment company they selected that everything was already in place and set well before the kickstarter went live? If so, no matter of questioning, complaining, or pleading would be worth it, if any penalties that could be levied for breaking a contract could exceed any savings from switching to another company. Every time I come here for details, all I see are your posts, and honestly is a bit depressing. An one who doesn't wish to pay, doesn't need to back this. those of us who are willing and accept things don't need you to be our champion. Yes the amount is high, and yes it is higher than other Kickstarters, but on the whole, I've paid a lot worse for shipping less when buying things on eBay, or US based retailers for things I wanted. And that is before duties and or Canadian taxes. It never hurts to fight the good fight, but something yelling at windmills is just yelling at windmills. Ideapatcher (don't forget they already offer to help the creator) have an average of 20$ for France, UK, Germany, Danmark, Slovenia, Norway... And by the way... @all : just for you to know they charge 17$ here a doc showing different option for fulfillement ! <url>#gid=184212979 Hey you guys, if you are doing the tweets for twitter. Make sure you put #ICRAVEDAVE make sure there is an I between # and C and not #cravedave. Let's get this level done!!! Thanks @joshua : nice ! @Sylvain Ethier There should be a panel of someone with a package sticking out of their ass, and it should be noted "Too bad Sylvain" somewhere on the panel. $2,000,000 ... not to shabby. I can see why people are annoyed at the shipping, I have to pay $35 then an extra $17 for shipping to equal $52 USD, I live in Australia and with how our dollar is doing I'm basically a crazy man spending around $75 for a card game. But from the creators view it's better to completely cover shipping costs and if possible reduce the price of shipping so you get money back instead of having to pay more money later when they need to ship it out causing delays and further money issues for backers who haven't planned for this payment. For those who want to buy/support this you still have time to think and save money to get this game if that's what you want to do or let it slide and wait until the game is available at a retailer or eBay or something. I think we should have at least one of the challenges done by now @Elliander the $200 Pledge comes with a KS Exclusive Autographed Wooden Box and a version with the Standard Box (I assume you could choose whether or not you wanted the Red KS Edition or basic White Box). @T.J. Brumfield That didn't answer my question, so to be more specific, the $200 pledge specifically says it includes one "Kickstartion Exclusive edition" along with one normal edition. That clearly implies there is a difference to the cards from other decks sold. To any backer who backed their first project, are you unable to download the season pass? My DVD copy has bummed out on me. @Sylvain: In case you forgot: "We've answered this a few times in a few different ways, so I'll summarize: International shipping is extremely expensive, and getting more expensive every year. What you see in the shipping cost is the exact cost from our fulfillment company to get Joking Hazard to your doorstep with no import fees (which are substantial, we know this firsthand from our first Kickstarter). Many Kickstarters (you've linked a few) will offer unrealistically low shipping costs, and make up the difference in the profit margin of the actual product, leaving the customer with import taxes to pay afterward. This is a good strategy for some Kickstarters, but not for ours. We have analyzed every cost associated with our game in detail in order to come to this conclusion." @night1505 : thanks for correcting... are you sure it is not goebbles @Sylvain- The quote you were trying to share is, "No matter how big the lie, if it's repeated often enough people will believe it." And, as a point of interest, it's a quote from Adolf Hitler. @Chase Cunningham : You are right... and the 40k backers make me sad... Saw so mannny good kickstarter with people that deserve as much money if not more and creator that respect so much their backers... But hey... we live in a society where you do a butt jokes you raises 2 millions... I wonder how many gave money to an Homeless person in the last week... I did but I am the one some of you see as an A**H***. Not that is that much relevant but you know... I always fought for justice and being attack by backers because I try to defend their right is kind of an interesting paradox. And you are right 2 millions raise and they still can't get a better deal on the shipping... I let you find a butt joke that explain the irony in that. There is an article about how much you should sell your product on kickstarter relative to the MRSP... bah whatever... people the are tired of reading my comments are not the one that will make the extra effort to read about how business should be conducted with an ethic mind. But you know what.... Just STOP replying to my comments so I will stop defending myself... It is that simple :) You're right, with 40k+ (and growing) backers and almost $2mil raised, I'm sure they are really worried about the few people butt hurt over the shipping price after they are already explained their position on the shipping matter multiple times @Amy Fiori : My comments are about this kickstarter. I am 100% sure that I annoyed some backers but I know that a lot of backers think like me. I don't see why the comment section should be for positive comments only. At this point if the @creator don't see how pissing out fans can be detrimental well... you are right I had accomplish nothing but with your comment I am not so sure they don't realize it. And just to make it clear I WANT you to see it... I don't care if you don't like it, not my problem. @Sylvain: And they're obviously NOT GOING TO. How long has it been since the creators have posted here at all? I doubt they're even reading the comments. You are accomplishing NOTHING and annoying the hell out of all the other backers. Go pester the creators on Facebook, or Twitter, or somewhere where THEY will see it and WE will not instead of the other way around! I noticed that Kickstarter has marked this as a project they love. They take 5% of the amount generated plus 3-5% of the transactions. Thats potentially 200k at this point. If someone raised that amount for me I would love them too. @James R. Mason : People have ask multiple time the fulfillment company too and nothing on the matter... I mean why not giving the name of the company so we can compare with other company ?!? Lack of transparence is always suspicious... Just saying... I can imagine you seeing your wife cheating on you and you ask her where she was and she told you... well I was working.... It is an answer but she can say it over and over, it doesn't make it true. There is a saying though that if you say a lie often enough you start believing it the actual truth... It could be what is happening here. @James R. Mason : Hum let me think... I guess majority of people here have some how a clean butt... but I'm not sure about yours... You should post a picture of your butt with your license and a tattoo of C&H saying that you like people being overcharge for shipping and I wil evaluate if a deal is possible ! I have to say, I was in the acceptance phase when Ideapatcher told on the comment section they could help them to cut down the cost... The complete silence from the @creator on that make me angry, I don't get why they don't want to be as transparent as possible... When you know you are right, why not being transparent. On that matter... Good Cop Bad cop (an awesome party game) (2 days left) have a TERRIFIC kickstarter where the answer ALL questions (I guess some people value their fan with more... respect) and they publish in an update some shipping information and with it means to be CA-Friendly, AU-Friendly and EU-Friendly... Tell me about guys that don't take their fan for total idiot and are more transparents... (<url>#ICraveDave tweet <url>"Kickstarter Exclusive" edition? I don't see any details on that. or not even gold atoms. Like gold flakes positioned under a microscope. You know... a cheap(er) way to knock off two achievements would be to use gold atoms to make the C&H character, kind of like that IBM movie a while back. If my play group is interested I'll buy a copy of the game. Omg. I just found out about this while watching heroes and drinking wine on a school night. My sick little life of being a baby doctor and laughing at ass cancer is starting to be complete. If I get a response from the creator then I'll get the two deck combo. Hey now guys, if you didn't really want to do a fifth tier, you could have just said so =P I mean, if by some miracle we pull this off you'll be asking for 10 videos of people snowboarding off cliffs with C&H parachutes, or for us to carve a giant character onto the face of the moon lol Boxes are pretty cheap to manufacture... I don't think you guys need to worry. I don't suppose you would have a final idea about card sleeve size, would you? It would be nice if you had a card sleeve add on with some choice picture to go with, to protect them, along with a box large enough to fit sleeved decks, but lacking that I'd still like to know if some kind of standard sleeve will work. Bree , Im australian and it gives you an option Amy , it's gonna come in a box @Sky, Caleb and SilverChiren: I was kind of expecting the cards to arrive IN the box, which would mean that if it weren't big enough, they'd catch that before shipping it. I sure hope they aren't going to ship over 400 cards loose. @Bree: You can check this yourself by clicking on the pledge. It will then let you either select a country (if you are not logged in) or it will probably automatically select Australia when you are logged in. As far as I can see (logged out in a different browser) for the $35 pledge, it is $17 shipping for Australia (I did not check the other pledges). A quandary, do you ship to Australia? Please say yes @Sky @Caleb I am seriously under the belief that they are giving us 420 cards, and a box that can only hold 70. There's no way they'll think ahead enough to make the box big enough to hold all of the cards that are available at launch. @Caleb O'Reilly , they most certainly will be designing the box to fit the game... That's kind of the idea of doing a Kickstarter... affording to do the manufacturing. Beating Diamond Land isn't going to be easy, but at least we have 11 days to try. Can we change the 69420 achievement to 42069? When you realise that if diamond land is achieved the amount of cards you get from the Kickstarter for one deck is equal to 420. Not sure if planned or just so happened. Also will the box be able to hold all the extra cards with space to easily get them out? @Qsefawd that's the point of the early bird tier, they are rewarded for backing early by getting an extra game Is there an error between the 2 $200 tier? the early bird $200 gets 1 more extra normal & booster pack more than the normal $200 *made my peace with it. @Mark Turner C&H says customs/import tax is included in the plefdge (hence the price). While I do agree it is a bit much (even with the taxes), especially because 1 or 2 companies explained in these very comments they could do it cheaper and wanted to work with C&H on this, I made my piece with it. If they don't want the extra customers they are losing right now because of the shipping, it is their loss and I am tired of complaining about it. But yeah, shipping should be all in, so no extra costs. I hope customs agrees with this. The suggestion that this is the cheapest shipping possible to Europe seems questionable. Also, is this game EU friendly, or will taxes be charged on top of it? This challenge seems like we going to be at either 6/10 or barely make it. They seem relatively easy! Good luck to all! Can't wait to see everyone's creations I have a bunch of gold coins I could stack together to fashion a C&H character. Would that count? I don't see why everyone is freaking out. These are very doable, some more than others. Its just gonna be time consuming as all heck. @Jim Robinson. Easy, take something you own that is gold (a ring perhaps), engrave a microscopic c&h charater on it. Take a picture under the microscope and without a microscope. Pull off two difficult achievements with one. @Creator what dou think about making the cards Beerprof? I wouldn't worry too much about getting the diamond achievements. It's not gonna happen. @David O: The creators have responded repeatedly if you scroll down far enough. This was their last response to the Sylvainator: "@Sylvain We've answered this a few times in a few different ways, so I'll summarize: International shipping is extremely expensive, and getting more expensive every year. What you see in the shipping cost is the exact cost from our fulfillment company to get Joking Hazard to your doorstep with no import fees (which are substantial, we know this firsthand from our first Kickstarter). Many Kickstarters (you've linked a few) will offer unrealistically low shipping costs, and make up the difference in the profit margin of the actual product, leaving the customer with import taxes to pay afterward. This is a good strategy for some Kickstarters, but not for ours. We have analyzed every cost associated with our game in detail in order to come to this conclusion." Why don't I get the shipping to China at $60 tier, but I get the shipping to China at $35 tier? Also, if I live in Hong Kong, do I choose shipping to China as well? @Jim Robinson: Can you put something of known size next to it? Regarding the goal of a C&H character smaller than the size of a pin... I can actually do that. My girlfriend is a PhD candidate with access to laser lithography that can do that without a problem. But how can I prove it? The electron microscope doesn't have a scale or anything on it. What would you need for proof? Two interesting kick starter solutions for helping with international shipping I read about was group pledges and using Amazon fulfillment centers. No idea if it would be helpful. I'm with @Sylvain Ethier. On shipping, C&H not responding, fairness, etc. All 50+ comments ;-) Shipping to Europe is even more pricy. Hi friends! Anyone else find it funny that the final total of cards for kickstarters will be 420? *not... goddam phone always ruining jokes :( @James - Just remember nor to make him pay out the ass for shipping! ;) @Sylvain: You have commented over 50 times raising your issue with shipping. Maybe if you comment just one more time they'll hear your plea. @Sylvain: I have an idea. I opted to pledge $60 for the double pack. If you give me your address, I'll ship the 2nd deck to you. Of course, I'll randomly select a portion of the deck to individually slide through my sweaty, hairy butt crack, and place back into the deck. Do we have a deal? @Mette Thanks a lot :) I jist needed to confirm? Sylvain...you're assuming that if only we had that extra money that we would spend it on other Kickstarters. That's silly. I haven't backed any projects in a long time because frankly, I only have a 40% track record of projects actually getting completed. With some, creators have taken the money and ran without doing anything. Honestly I think Kickstarter is a giant scam because they don't vet projects enough to know if they can realistically complete their goals and they have zero recourse for backers who get stiffed. However, C&H already ran a campaign and this game looks fun, so I'll gladly back them. If other Kickstarters want my money, well I won't even consider them unless the project is extraordinary and they've already had a successful small run, therefore just need capital to place a bulk production order. Luckily we live in a free world, isn't it? I'll gladly up my pledge for one or two copies of the game, when shipping is less hard to swallow than $25/$42. So no I didn't just pledge to complain but to make sure I receive updates. But yes I pledge just $1 now since I won't pay over the odds for shipping. If you can't live with that, that's your business. We don't ask you about it, only the creators of this project. @Sylvain Bark. @Tim Bark. @Tim : That is the difference between you and me. I don't weight my desire to play with the value. I compare the value with the actual value. Other kickstarter project will not get fund because somehow you spend your big part of your budget here. Don't get me wrong... It is ok to spend the many on the project the creator think it worth... My actual problem is that i KNOW that they overcharge for shipping and this money is just lost. No kickstarter project will benefit from the extra 10$ your are wasting here. You are not wasting it in a sense that you will get the game but you could have paid 10$ less and put the money elsewhere helping other creators. When you think in term of desire only you never weight fairness. I want to drive fast car (desire) I don't want to pollute the planet (logical). I can easily spend 200$ to buy this game if I really want it... for me it is not really a money issue. I care about the principle. I am a man of principle that's it. Why other kickstarter make the extra miles to find deal but not them. They think their backers are idiots ? Well that is insulting for me and for the backers... You don't care spending more money that it worth because you want to game SO MUCHHHH... your right... people are willing to spend 10k on a gold iPhone.. their right.... but if you can get it for cheaper and don't see the point of paying more. @sylvain I come to read the comments of people who are actually excited to play this game. And don't get me wrong, the shipping is a bit much, even $20 for 2 boxes to Canada is overpriced. However, like many others on here, I factored this cost into my pledge. If cost of shipping outweighs the desire to play, don't back the project. And really, "I paid $1 so I can complain in the comments"? Grow up, go away, and take your $1 with you The final level has to be a boss level! I'm with Sylvain on the expensive shipping subject. I've been following comments for a long time, just pledged for $1 so I receive updates and can comment in this section. Regarding shipping costs, for some reason they are higher than those for multi-pound heavy boardgames, and no, there was no import tax coming afterwards. Some time ago someone came up with an actual way to reduce shipping costs, the creators of this Kickstarter project didn't respond. Like many others I wonder why. This question will probably continue to pop up until the Kickstarter is over or the creator takes a little time to explain this. Next land should be Sky Land, for all those speculating what it might be. This is if the continue on their current trend. @Sylvain..thank you. My choice..not yours Kyle.... Zip it. I sleeve all my cards.. Even munchkins! @Tim : Change the channel nobody force you to read the comments... Collectivelly me and my friends back around 20 project from US and the shipping was never and issue. This one is and I don't care if people hate me for telling it out loud ! A lot of people are saying nothing but think like me ! @Kyle Salisbury : Some people are willing to pay 50$ for shipping for cards... At least when you sleeve your game you keep is value higher.. you are not just throwing money for nothing. @James : I could but like I said I am as selfish as you are... And I don't care if people are tired of hearing it.. People are tired of hearing cigarette is bad and we should not depend on oil for energy but hey I will not stop complaining about people that own Hummer because they can and don't care. At this point I start seeing your political view... I am more lefty you are more righty... I am more about fairness you are more about I can afford it so why people complain... Nothing I cant do about it and I don't care. Kyle. That's why you get 2 for $60. One to play with... One to horde for about 5-10 years and put it out on eBay and make roughly the $60 bucks back or I could be wrong and get $120 for 1 red box. But hey! :P I dont understand the need for people to sleeve every card they own. I sleeved ky magic cards that are in decks, but people want to sleeve these. Im pretty sure thebcards are square, and once you sleeve them, they probably wouldnt fit in a box! Its like sleeving monopoly cards. Its totally unnecessary, a waste of money and not something that the devs should be concerned about. When can we see the drinking rules? I bet they are funnier then the purple shirt eye stabber. I'm a 35$ pledger, that's a lot of cards including the stretch goals.... Crap.. Gonna need a lot of card protectors.... I guess I'll need close to 500 protectors...lol I'm broke..;) Just upgraded from 35$ to 60$ because the deal is just getting too good to pass up tow d*cks! This is freaking crazy...love it.. How far can we go...lol..... Can't wait for the game to be played with my friends.. They all think this is much better than cards against humanity..:) Ok so there's always some of the challenges related to the levels type. At the end of level three they gave us the hint big things and then it was the giant level, this time the hint is shiny, if we can work out what the level is it might give us an idea as to what some of the challenges are about? You're welcome @Siu Tam :) I'm also hoping to be able to add on a third box because I pledged for the $60 with a friend. I agree with James. Find another soap box, we're all tired of hearing it @Sylvain. I am neither rich nor use my parent's money. I backed this because I want the product they are trying to produce, along with the kickstarter exclusives, I took into account the costs and shipping and made my pledge accordingly. I do not require your assumptions nor your trolling. If you do not like the shipping, rescind your pledge and purchase the game from amazon in a year or so, either way put out your torch, lay down the pitchfork and go enjoy the world. @james. I dont understand you then. I guess you'd are rich then. If not well you use you parent money. Or it could be that you know nothing about business. Store usually make 40% profit. At 35$ they probably get 60%... I let you do the math from there Thank you @Devon Mickey You guys should have a card that cracks a joke on the, Bronies. @Miranda Thanks for that quote. I'll have to show that to him. @Sylvain No I live in Canada and you do not see me groaning about the shipping. @James Dempsey : You will like too... I guess you are a US citizen... easy to ask everybody to get over it when you are not part of the issue. I guess I am as selfish as you are, and more concern about justice and fairness ! @Rebecca This is the post from C&H earlier about the $60 (I knew they had answered this earlier in the campaign so I copied and pasted the comment. If you want to confirm it on your own, I understand just keep hitting earlier comments until you see February 19. The ones by C&H are in light green boxes :-) : ==================================================== Creator Cyanide And Happiness on February 19 @Bayley If you bought the Two Deck Combo, we'll survey you at the end to see what color boxes you want. @Rebecca they have said for sure that you get two boxes. You can get two red ones, two white ones, or one of each. They'll send out surveys beforehand to see what you actually want. @C I appreciate your reply, but this isn't enough to convince him. It needs to specifically say that the boxes are doubled. I am not sure why I even boher to look at the comets anymore, most of all I see is negative comments about shipping. Please get over it. @Rebecca - it is noted as such in the campaign under the $45 level (double for $60). @Tyson Field : Shipping hate should happens and I don't understand why you try to avoid the ugly discussion... There is fulfilment company that LITTERALLY said in the comment section that the tried the get into contact with the @creator because they can help them... Since the @creator didn't gave any update... What the hell, I mean.. how can you ignore this and make like nothing happens... @JurassicMatt : I thing people just give up. Just to be clear... 17$ for shipping cards to Canada IS NOT the best price they can get. Just that you know... if you are canadians and you backed the project thinking they did everything to accomodate you, you are wrong and naive. That is just a fact.... They are close to 2millions and they are laughing their a** off to all international backers. My theory at this point is that they have a connection with the fullfilment company... They have some kond of arrangement. I cannot think of another reason why they didn't make effort to hear the complaint about the shipping but hey... if people are willing to pay, who is the idiot ? @Polar : US have free shipping... International backers is another thing... We want to do the $60 pledge level and share the red boxes with a friend, but he is afraid that the pledge only comes with one box instead of two. Can we please get some official verification that the pledge level does come with two separate red boxes if desired? I don't think he'll be convinced with anything short of official verification. Thanks for the info. Glad to know if could do the $60 deal. Yhea, I'm paying extra for the red box. Red boxes are easier to hid the blood and drink stains that are sure to occur from this game. A white box won't stand a chance. @Polar no shipping charge for US @JurassicMatt Wonderful observation about the "fill in" button. :) When's level 5 GONNA come Level 4 done , now let's smash level 5 I pledged $60. It never increased me for shipping. I'm pretty sure Shipping's included in there, otherwise they're going to have a huuuuuuuuuuuge backlash if they expect everyone to pay for shipping AFTER their pledges go through. BOOM!! Level 4 done! @Tyson: Understood. Good idea. @James R Mason and @JurassicMatt, however right you guys are, lets try to stay away from shipping conversation. I'm not trying to start something here, but I feel like if people start talking about shipping again, there's gonna be more shipping hate... Just trying to make sure it doesn't happen... @JurassicMatt: I wish others on here had as clear of an understanding of this as you portray. There's no way they are going to change the rules part-way through a campaign as that would become a complete mess. @Maik - Earlier in the campaign the creators were very firm on the fact that the shipping was as low as it possibly could be. Many people were voicing their complaints. With the volume they are doing, I'm not sure how true that is. But at this point, about halfway through the campaign, I would say there is very little chance of any decrease in shipping. With this many backers it would be a logistics nightmare as it would require the opening of a bunch of new pledge tiers with the lower shipping factored in, and then dealing with all the people that didn't switch over for whatever reason. I was going to do the skywriting, but it's $10,000 just for them to do the C&H!!!!!! I was blown away by how much that was. I already read like a 1000 comments, but couldn't find anything on this. Is there a possibility, that the shipping costs will be reduced later on? Because the shipping costs for Europe are insane! There have been so many kickstarter campaigns that were able to get a good deal for shipping at least after they got enough backers. I think having soooooo much funding, it shouldn't be hard to find a better solution. Maybe one of you backers has some experience with this stuff and wants to share his knowledge with the creators. Love this game!!! I don't know if anyone has said this because I have the lazy in my brain and didn't scroll down very far, but I think some blank cards would be awesome so that I can spend years perfecting my ability to draw a stick figure. Seems like it would be an easy thing to add somewhere. That was suppose to say 37554 backers.....lol :-) We have 37,554 and only need 25000 Facebook likes on the Joking Hazard Facebook page: <url>"Kickstarter Exclusive" box is literally just the standard white box in red. For $10 more. Over 7,300 people (currently) gave C&H over 73 thousand dollars to click the "fill" button on Paint. @me you're an idiot and should definitely read the few comments below yours before going and saying 'how far until we're done' because apparrently we are. Congratulations on not thinking brain. Does anybody know where we're at with this set of stretch goals? I heard the mural's done and everything that's ticked, but is there anything else? Otherwise, keep up the good work everyone, just 2 left to go :) @c k, as far as I understand it is the white box with red paint. @c k It's probably gonna be a repaint. But it'd be cool if the box was lenticular. Has anything been said as to whether or not the "red box" is literally just the white box but a different color? E.g. The Kickstarter special box for exploding kittens had a motion activated meow when opened. Is the ten dollar difference just for an arbitrary color? @Darren: a cynic might argue it was a cunning ploy, yes. But I'm a foolhardy optimist. And so the levels should be easier. They are at 1.7Mil when the target was only 10K, or was that target dodgy as well? That last mural is up now so we should be done with this already, and hopefully tomorrow they can give us our final level (that I presume will be KS exclusive cards, which I'm fine with) so we can have a proper 13 days to work on it. I'm fairly certain we're done with Tall Justins and 3D prints, as well as Garbage Sculptures, Belly Comics, Mosaics, and #RobIsFat Tweets. If we get one more mural I think we've got Level 4 cleared. Holy crap! I knew this level would be easy but not that easy! We will beat this by the weekend. @Geoffrey: Yes, the first three things you mentioned are already confirmed to be complete, along with the mosaic (check the campaign page). I don't use Facebook much and have trouble figuring out where to look for submissions, but other people in the comments section have said that we're close on the 3D figures and Tall Justins too. We have got to be close on some of these. There has to be plenty of Belly Comics, Garbage sculptures, fat-shaming tweets, and 3D printed figurines to be had. I saw a couple of mosaics, as well. We are well on to 40,000 backers, as well. *of I don't have Facebook, but I took a picture if a tall Justin and sent it to my friend who does. He shared it on the page so that should be 1 more tall Justin in the bag! @Marisarek Easy enough, some of us don't use Facebook. @kalib a survey will be sent out at the end of the campaign period. You will get to pick red or white boxes at the $60 tier Do you get 2 red boxes? With the 60$ @Earl Puckett as far as I understand, you will be able to choose the color of the boxes for everything above $60. So I assume you can mix and match red or white boxes in that tier (So you can have 2 red boxes if you want or 2 white boxes or 1 red and 1 white box). @Marisarek I wonder if the likes by backerd have been split between the Cnh page and Joking Hazard page. I don't understand how over 35 000 people backed the game but the facebook page only has 20 000 likes... @T.J. Thanks for the clear up. I must have read it wrong at first. At least we only have 3 achievements to go. earl yes you keep the red box It says that the $45 pledge can be doubled by doing $60. But will I loose the "Red Box"? Because I really like the "Red Box". It has now become a certainty in life, the one constant in this crazy world, that must be mine for time indefinite. Or until I get bored of the red color, could take a couple decades, or days.... but I'm ready to roll the dice! @creator Are there any plans to demo the game or do any early releases at any conventions this year? I mostly ask since I will be attending A-kon in Dallas and saw ya'll were going to be there as well However, people are free to continue tweeting that #RobIsFat @Fredi Rosa - Here are the rules for that challenge. It does not say it has to be 500 unique people. CALL @RobDenBleyker FAT 500 DIFFERENT WAYS ON TWITTER - Rob’s been getting a little too confident lately, so we really need to knock him down a peg or two. Make up some really great fat jokes and send them Rob’s way using the hashtag ‪#‎robisfat‬. We’ll count them on twitter, so no need to submit them here. Yeah, yesterday was a good day. We only need about 3 more Tall Justins, 2-4 (not sure) 3D printed characters, and 1 giant mural to beat Level 4. If we can churn those out today then we don't need to wait for 5k more backers and likes. less than 5k backers needed and less than 5k Facebook likes needed! woohoo! Holy crap, you guys have been busy with the challenges! :) Owen, thanks! @Curtis: On the campaign page, the infograph for the Rewards(just under the black and white gif) shows it contains it all. The $45 tier includes a base version of the game, correct? It mentions the booster, but it's ambiguous about the base version. Just checking. :) now 4... wow! we are already done with 3 of the goals in giant land... @Creator : Any updates on the shiping situation since you get contact by ideaspatcher. I mean the promise you guys they can bring the cost down. All international backers are probably curious how this situation is developing @Polarthief as far as I understand it, you will be able to choose for everything above $60. So I assume you can mix and match red or white boxes in that tier (so yes, you can have 2 red boxes). The $60 tier (two deck combo) is 2x red boxes, right? The pledge level doesn't say it is but the campaign does, so just wanted to make sure. @Fredi if that were the case they would have said so in the rules @T.J. Sorry to burst your bubble, but it's most likely that each person only gets counted once no matter how many #RobIsFat tweets they dish out. Similar to how the other achievements worked. I might be wrong, so don't quote me on it. So I wrote 41 #RobIsFat tweets today. Someday did 500 by themselves. <url>#RobIsFat (may not count for the Twitter stretch goal, but I'm still having fun with it). @Billy and T.J. You get to choose whether you want the white or red boxes if you pledge more than $35. I thought all the tiers from $45 and up included the red boxes, so $60 would be two red boxes. So if you get the $60 they are just normal boxes, not the red boxes correct? That said, it would still be nice if we could finally clear 25 thousand FB likes. We're actually 6000 away from both the FB goal and the KS backers goal... Well duh, everyone knows water levels are automatically a thousand times harder than any other level. It should be smooth sailing from here until Level 5, which I think will only take half as long Level 3 did. Is it just me or does this level seem piss easy compared to the last? @creator : Any updates on the shipping... Silence radio seems to make people forget that there was an issue there ! @Kurt. Please change your name to Justin. for tall justins.. how tall do they need to be I'm 6'7" personally @RobDenBleyker is so fat he ate 600 fat jokes and then said "Now bring me the main course"? @toxin189 Obviously I can't answer your question with any certainty, but if my line of thinking is correct, I may be able to at least soften the blow. I seriously doubt the box will fit the cards once sleeved. Sleeving (even with the thinnest crappiest of sleeves) is bound to increase the volume of all 320 cards (I'm being optimistic about meeting the achievements) by anywhere from 30 to 100% (up to twice it's original size). That's A LOT of empty room to leave for folks who don't sleeve. Again, not an official answer... just a thought. @RobDenBleyker is so fat you could bounce 600 fat jokes off of him? And from what I am reading, they are all unique, there are a lot of you so fat jokes. I wonder if they are going to look at each one and determine if they are unique or not. We have over 600 tweets with that hashtag right now. It'll be interesting to see if it slows down. 500 unique ways to insult someone's weight is kind of a lot. Personally I can only think of a few hundred at best. Looks like at least one achievement should be done, #robisfat Will the box fit the cards in sleeves including the expansions as I try to protect my card games as best as I can. You always go back and try to get a total completion when you beat the game! Maybe after 7/10 for lvl 5, they may add 10 cards for total completion. I never thought about that Will. Are there any rewards for 100%ing a level? @nathanxfinch the water level is always the hardest @C&H I hope you will re-tweet some of the good ones! Are the expansion and booster cards gonna be different to the main deck somehow? So that it's easier to sort them out? Hey @Cyanide And Happiness, will the box be big enough to fit all the d*ck in it? I'd like the box to hold the d*ck, the 50 card expansion d*ck, and the Kickstarter exclusive 20 card d*ck. Is the box loose enough to hold all those d*cks? @Sanchez the $60 Two D*ck Combo comes with two Red D*cks These achievements actually seem a bit easier than the previous ones. Is it possible to get two red box sets? Drinking game rules... Really?! That's not a prize. But 30 extra cards is nice. Challenge seems tough... Tyler, those extra 10 cards were added to the KS exclusive booster pack @Trevor, ah okay... then that needs to be updated within the rewards, too (right now it still says 10 exclusive instead of 20). The 10 were to the exclusive KS pack. These are added to the base deck. Won't the total be 320, not 310, since the Water level added 10 extra cards? If every backer would go to facebook and like C&H, that challenge would be completed very quickly. Bring on the Promised Land, and a bigger d*ck for everyone! Finally! That water stretch goal took WAY too long... @Sam: The tomorrow they speak of is always the local tomorrow for them. So they likely have anywhere between 9-14 hours left in the day. @TJ they said tomorrow yesterday but there are only 6 hours left of yesterday's tomorrow today. (For me anyway) When is Stage 4 being announced? Is there going to be a pledge manager for this? @T.J. Brumfield: Problem is, that most people who would go for that, would most likely do it with their circle of friends in mind, and thus making it an entirely inside joke which no one else would(most likely) get. @Amber Nielsen - The joke is anything you want. It is possible these can apply to a broader audience. The thousand dollar cards are going to be inside jokes with the backers. Like Cards against Humanity did cards with people's names. Why would you want them? They won't make sense to anyone who isn't in that group of friends. @Bonnie, within the Rewards section of the campaign at the $45 tier it states "(Double this for $60)" in light green. So I'd say that the $60 doubles the $45 tier and includes the following: 2x Redbox Main deck 2x Blast From The Past 2x Sexy KS-exclusive booster pack For $60 you get the double deck and two Blast from the Past packs, but do you also get two of each of the Kickstarter exclusive packs? Atlas speaks , someone asked them and they said it would be Zack , don't worry I had the same question you will be emailed a survey where you will answer the questions like what coloured boxes you want. I know this because cynaide and happiness answered my question This has probably been answered a hundred times already, but does anybody know if you get the red boxes if you get the sixty dollar two pack special? Lack of wooden box material details and crazy exchange rate has led me to go from 200 to 45. Shame. @bayley if they don't offer shipping on the KS for whatever reason it might possibly be, why would they offer it on their website? Come on C&H. Can we please have a teaser PnP now? We promise to send in lots of photos and make all our friends but it Crap just read the cards won't be in everyone's deck. Bummer, there goes the drawing of Muhammad.... Most card/board games I've received from Kickstarters have the Kickstarter-exclusive cards in a separate shrink-wrap. Why not put the $1,000 cards in a separate shrink wrap but give them to everyone. People can easily go through them and decide which ones to include in their set or not. The creators said several days ago that $1000 cards would only be in the decks of people they were made for, because it would be too confusing otherwise. It sounds to me like even $1000 backers will not see each others' cards, only their own. Are cards created in the $1000 tier included in everyones deck or only for people that backed at that level? just updated....water land complete I'm surprised C&A hasn't opened up an Instagram for JH. That could be an achievement for next round. You did well, @SilverChiren. I envy you. Just posting because I want to have the six hundredth and sixty sixth comment on the page. That's all. How many Facebook fans do they have already? i wish they would update the completion of the SG so we can move onto the next one! @Blake I'm Canadian, so would probably be given the benefit of the doubt eh... #sorrynotsorry Thanks Robert. Actually I saw a couple more posted posted on Facebook so we are at 15-16 submissions since they asked for 15 more. We should see the level 4 requirements before bed time! @Sam I count 13-14 new submissions since they said we were 15 short, so we're almost there! @Colton Stitzel It's free for us in the US. Just so people know. Only about 15 more fish pictures until stretch goal level complete. :) @nathanxfinch thank you for your explanation. I'm a new pledger, so I'm not very sure how these things work. Thank you for clarifying that for me :) @Zan Knox That Visage (Psychological horror game) project looks great! I backed it too! :-) I'm sorry , if I came off mean I thought you were advertising your kickstarter like other people in the comments but you weren't actually so I apologise thank you Tyler, I'm now glad to know that I at less showed to someone who's interested in the Visage Kickstarter. What's shipping in the US cost? @Wes all they would see is your supposed claim that we were not at the goal at the time of your registered complaint. Innocent until proven guilty! CHECK AND MATE. I love Cyanide & Happiness, have my signed comic in my cubicle (although I had to censor it)... I have the cape.. I make the fucking woosh noises!!! How could I not back this? @Blake, if we were in court right now I'd hold this up on my phone for everyone to see! Witnessed! @Wes that's pure and wild speculation at this point and it will never hold up in court. NEVER! Drops the mic and walks away without looking back... ba BOOM! Boom! 1.5M And there it is 1.5 Million! so close @Blake, I just read your comment and it's only at $1,499,270... Now I don't know if you were just being optimistic about already being at $1,500,000 or if you were lying about everything. We may never know. Okay they haven't updated it yet, but the Cosplay one is done, and the fish one *has* to be done because i've seen more than 100 with live fish by now, and by the time you even read this comment we'll be at 1.5 million, so that's 7 out of 10 achievements. Expect an update and Level 4 requirements by the end of the day (unless they're lazy). Can you make the Red Box edition better? Maybe not upgrade the game but the box should be better. I know the company made boxes for exploding kittens with a magnet lock. They also added a noise maker, so every time they open the box it made a cat noise. SOOOOOO close to $1.5M1 @Zan Knox, Don't apologize man, thanks to you I backed Visage immediately. I never woulda known it existed if it wasn't for you. :D Bayley, it not mine, it's Sad Square's Kickstarter and I was only asking if anyone wanted to help out, that's all. I apologize to you and everyone who read it got the wrong idea. @creator Still no update on being able to have an option to add a third d*ck to a $60 pledge? Or even a basic option that comes with three d*cks maybe? @Fairytail92 I am a bit confused about what you are asking. The end of the campaign is a set date no matter how much they raise and will not end early. As for the expected delivery date, I can't see the number of backers affecting that timeline in the early range. If anything it would delay it more because they have to make more. But they have stated in the past that this November timeline is if things go wrong, as they only want to promise the latest date. With the sudden amount of money that was unexpected wouldn't that push the due date to be done sooner? Or does the time to make the cards take awhile no matter what? I'm just curious. If that's what you want I agree, the achievements seem to be a bit greedy, especially on what we get for them. Sorry, but I'm reconsidering my pledge, this whole project is a bit off. Luke , I think that's a really nice thing to do but if they do it to one person then everyone will want a card dedicated to them @Freeman Huang As far as I understand tax and import costs is included in the shipping cost. Let's hope customs agrees. I think @Joshua Savage should get some kind of hat tip in the Kickstarter pack, he's done more than anyone for the stretch goals and it would be a cool inside joke to have a card of him for it! Thoughts? I'm saying that in the nice way Zan Knox , I know your trying to promote your kickstarter but it really isn't the place to be doing it Hey atlas speaks , you can just buy your copy in November when they put it on their site Dose anyone here want to donate to Visage (Psychological Horror Game)? Cuz we can use some help with the stretch goals. @creator so hey there. third message asking about neglected south korea. no answer for the first two yet. as an expat here it's kinda hard to find fun games and every kickstarter i've been a part of ships here but not this one apparently. any reason? any plan to change? PS. i want to give you money. @Eric, Yes only living fish count towards the achievement. Is the tax separate or is the tax included in the shipping We're probably almost done with cosplays, and I'm not sure where we are with the fish, but we're probably only a couple days away from breaking 15,000% of the kickstarter goal. I think we might be able to crack Level 3 by the end of the week if we really focus on these last few achievements. For the Fish Achievement, does the fish have to be alive? We're over 25,000 backers on Kickstarter. We still need another 8000 or so Facebook likes to break the FB/Twitter achievement And now over 5k twitter and WAY over 25k for facebook. that makes 5, then we are c lose on the 15000%. should finish this water land by tomorrow right? Hasn't the C&H character at the bottom of the ocean been completed? Thanks for the update you just sent out? Can we get an update on how much of the other achievements have been completed? Thanks! Are people still doing the achievements? I feel like the wind's gone from those sails, a little bit Also, less than $100000 to the 15000% goal I'm quite surprised that the icewater challenge hasn't been completed yet. @Patrick : We have to give them some room... I think they will come back with a big announcement !!! One million, three hundred and ninety thousand over the goal and you still need Facebook likes to get a few extra cards? @Tyler: As far as I understand, you will be able to choose the color for every pledge over $60. So I expect you can mix and match the colors you want. But you can at least choose either red or white boxes. I just had to read Vasilis's comment. It took 2 minutes. ;) Does the "Two Deck Combo" pledge come with the Red Box or White Box? Just curious. MMMmmmmmm...Free Shipping.... Thanks Tyson I'm really glad people are starting to look on the brighter side of things In all seriousness, I agree with Bayley, shipping isn't always cheap and it often goes up for companies at the start of a new year. Now lets all stop flaming at the C&H guys, keep talking about Joking Hazard and ignore the shipping costs, if they can make them cheaper, yay for everyone, if they can't suck it up and wear it, you've already backed anyway. I, for one am super excited to get my Red Box later this year :). (also, come on guys, we're so close to the next level of stretch goals!) Thanks for agreeing David ! Love the idea, I can't wait to try out the game! One request, can you please ensure its a standard card size for people that like to sleeve their card games? 70mm x 70mm would work great as far as a standard sleeve size goes!!! I have to agree with Ghost of Tom , he has gave some valid reasons on why we should all stop getting worked up about shipping. I think we should all stop arguing and start talking about how were the people that helped the people at cyananide and happiness making their dream a reality It is a shame though that the comments are largely concerned with this shipping issue, especially on what should be a fun, and funny, kickstarter. I love this comment section, always good for a stopover and a laugh. Shipping is such an issue because it is contentious. If it wasn't, there wouldn't be any comments about it. I've never known it be such an issue before. There must be a reason for that. Amy , you didnt have to be mean about it Seriously, how have we not finished the underwater level at this point in time? @reality no, they are say the reason the shipping is high is because the import taxes are already included @creator "ill offer unrealistically low shipping costs, and make up the difference in the profit margin of the actual product, leaving the customer with import taxes to pay afterward." Beg me pardon? "leaving customer with import taxes to pay afterward" ? It never happened in 40 backed projects, are you implying that this will happen here? You must be kidding... @TenChiGin : Who said I was not sarcastic myself... And as you are a sarcastic man I do consider your apologize as sarcastic either so I am wainting for you to fail being quiet. We'll see :) @Sylvain . . . Perhaps it is just as well that you cancelled your pledge for a deck and are only here to moan about stuff as I'm not sure you'll know what to do with this deck of cards if you got one . . . probably complain about the artwork. Your understanding of parody and humour appears to be a little limited. Please try to stop taking things personally - I certainly don't mean any of my comments 'personally' towards you as that would suggest I care about your opinion. I know I'm probably adding fuel to the fire but I'm bored and I find your comments entertaining, if mystifying, for their singularly narrow perspective. I'm going to stop now as I'm only contributing to the ongoing negativity here. I tried to 'lighten' the mood with parody and sarcasm (for those that understood it) but now I'll be quiet. I apologise sincerely to anyone I may have upset here. That was not my intention. @Bayley: If you spent 20 minutes reading a message that was clearly addressed to somebody else, that's your problem. To complain about how long a post was that didn't concern you to begin with is whiny, self-centered and stupid. It's not for you! If you don't want to read it then DON'T! Any update on the goals yet. Surely we have to have beaten this stage @TenChiGin : it's true that your personal life about your ex-wife is so much more important than comments that could potentially lead to international backers saving collectively tons of money. Thanks for sharing this inspirational moment with us. You are like the light of god I was waiting for to reach the nirvana ! I hope to get a picture with a beautiful gold Chagoi later today. Just trying to find the right cartoon to share with her. @Austin I'm slowly coming to the conclusion that there are some people out there with an even more warped sense of humour than I have, and they are determined to turn this comments section into the literary equivalent of a "scratch mix", riffing on shipping costs. Either that or they are related to my Ex-wife's divorce lawyer. . . Leech, Tick & Alucard: "But my client wants more." Judge: "She already has pretty much everything." Leech, Tick & Alucard: "But my client wants more." Judge: "He has no home and has just lost his job, where is he supposed to get it." Leech, Tick & Alucard: "But my client wants more." Judge: "Well, I suppose there is the marrow in his bones. . ." Leech, Tick & Alucard: "My client says he needs to get a job paying twice what his old one did, and then win the lottery and have all proceeds paid directly into her off shore account (or to her Candy Crush account, TBC)." Judge: " . . . Will this satisfy your client noofcourseitwontwhatwasIthinking. . ." [Taken verbatim from the court transcript . . . sorta. . .] Read back through the last weeks worth of comments and you'll see that I'm right . . . sorta. . . ;-) The fish thing just about has to be done by now, and I think the cosplay is getting nearly wrapped up too! That should just leave one more! Wow, I've never seen a comment section go off about shipping rates like this. I mean, if you don't feel it's worth it, unfortunately you have to not back it, right? I've done that with projects where I felt the shipping cost outweighed the kickstarted benefits. That's twenty minutes of my life down the drain You must have a lot of time on your hands considering you wrote pretty much the length of a book @Creator Since we are all backers here, and everybody wants the help this project becomes reality, transparency and honesty is much appreciated. I understand that you have done a research concerning the shipping fees, and lot of complains here might be unfair. Instead of complaining about high shipping cost, I would prefer a productive & creative discussion to determine if there is any chance to lower the shipping cost to EU (even by 1$) In order to perform a productive discussion, we need to have some facts, otherwise we only talk speculations. I believe that you might be able to answer some of the following questions. IMO the answers to the following questions are not company secrets or info that should be keep apart. At the end, WE THE BACKERS are invested our hard earning money in this project, and our opinions are crucial to the success of this project. - In which country your manufacture company (Admagic) will do the production of the game ? (China, USA, or somewhere else) - Which is the manufacturing value of the game ? - How do you intent to ship the games from the manufacturing country to EU? (As far as I understand you are going to ship all the games to a specific EU country and then you will ship to the EU backers from inside EU). If this is correct, to which EU country you are going to ship all the boxes together, and from which EU country the boxes will be individually shipped to EU backers ? - Which fulfillment company are you going to use ? - I assume that the import taxes will be calculated based on the manufacture cost and not based on retail cost (or even the amount of $ that someone pledges). Could you please give us your estimate of the import taxes (how much is the import taxes to EU for 1 box of the game and how much for blast from the past) - How much do you estimate shipping from inside the EU to EU countries would be. - What kind of postal services are you going to use to ship the boxes from within the EU. Are you going to use cheap local postal services (similar to USPS in US) or expensive services similar to fedex/UPS with tracking number, high speed delivery to our doorstep (not to have to go to postal office to collect the parcel) etc. What I am suggesting above, is that if you could break down the total shipping cost to small fragments and explain to us your vision of how this will be achieved and the cost of each step individually, there will be a better understanding and hopefully less complains. Just to be clear, I am not “interrogating” you by asking all those questions nor I want to get you in a difficult situation having to answer all the above. By having all the facts someone here might have a different shipping approach to propose, something that you might not have think about, or even know that could be possible. By doing that It could be very easy (let’s give an example ) for someone to understand the reason shipping cost (combo with booster pack) for 1 deck to Australia & Canada is 17$ and for 2 decks 20$ (only 3$ more). In Europe shipping for the same 1 combo deck cost 26$/32$ (depends on the country) but at the same time shipping cost of 2 decks is 42$/55$. I am sure this is for a reason, however not everyone could easily understand it. It is very sad for me going through the comments (for such a great project) to read speculations that you might get profit from the high shipping fees that you charge. Always in good faith and with good intentions, Vasilis guys! only 3 more stretch goals! if the guy below has proof of the underwater one, all we have to do is the cosplays and the sharing pants. You guys should send a copy of this game to KYR_SP33DY to play. Him and a bunch of his friends have a really good Cards against Humanity series and a sense of humor that works well with this game. That entire community would probably hop onto supporting this game. @Reality Games Studios I don't see it as a scam as I don't think they do this to screw their backers. They probably just searched for a shipping company where the import tax is already paid for people outside of the US and where the US shipping is as cheap as possible (which they found). Also I really want to support a kickstarter when I love the work of the creators of the project. If there are scammers here, it is the shipping company and not C&H. Hopefully they can work something out and otherwise, so be it. I think they try their best to make as much people as possible happy with their product (asside from obviously wanting to make money, but that's normal for a bussiness). The more people are happy, the more they sell, so I no way they are trying to scam people if there is a chance of them losing their fans in the process. @Reality Games Studios : Since ideaspatcher said they can help them with the fulfillment the creator stop interacting on the comments section. I suspect they called them and they are trying to see what deal they can get. Let's wait. I am an optimistic person so I like to give the benefit of the doubt. 1$ for the free PDF is one thing but you know, I value intellectual property and these guys deserve our money for the intellectual work behind this comic. I don't want to go back to the shipping debate so I won't but I just want to say that I will prefer giving 40$ to the game owner then getting the PDF and then giving 40$ to a random printer company. Money should go to the artist and the game makers. It will be sad if at the end it is not what happens. It's undeniable that end game, they will make profit out of shipping. So if you dont agree with this, do like me and become a 1$ donor instead of a 17$ donor. Shipping 280 cards from usa to canada is around 4$. Its a scam. Add that to the fact that 35$ for 280 cards reproduced in so many copies is unexpensive (batch production discount) and that those cards art is extremely low cost. Again... a scam :) but you know, you would never be able to create your own version of this game yourself lol, in one or 2 days work lol... @Alan Young My shipping fee for single is 35usd, but I just upped my pledge for the double deck tier, it's now 55usd. So I guess it's cheaper. @Luke White : From my perspective, you are the complainer here ! @Luke White The only reason people are complaining about the shipping is because they had cheaper experiences at other kickstarters and other companies from the US and because the shipping is at +- 50% of the whole pledge. It's that there are solutions of giving the people in other countries cheaper shipping by using other companies, if there weren't I don't think that many people would be up in arms about this. You are lucky you have free shipping (which is not something I see a lot of via kickstarter, but maybe I am wrong). Like somebody else said, I think the comments section would be much worse if it was manufactured somewhere in Europe and the US had this kind of shipping, that's all. Also, it is you who lives far away ;-). @Luke White, people are not crying. Better shipping deals can be had, for instance Ideaspatcher or Shipnaked are experienced Kickstarter reward shippers. Cyanide and Happiness dont have to reinvent the wheel. They could instead listen to some of the things experienced backers are saying. Its a shame they are silent on the shipping and how they are going to ship and instead only respond to people once every 24 hours. I am backing this despite the shipping. Stuff could still be handled/communicated better, because lower shipping means more backers. Want to ask if I pledge for $60 for the red box, will the shipping cost be double or stay the same? To all those people crying about shipping... Stop being whiny ****. You live far away. Show your support, back the game and stfu. @Kyle: It plays a lot like Cards Against Humanity, so with the official rules, you need at least three people, and the more you have, the more fun it's likely to be. However, people in the comments have been posting ideas for two-player variants. Bottom of the ocean has been completed! A real photo, not just a silly Photoshop. Where have you been all my life!! Awesome idea for a card game, had to get two for a birthday gift :D I think i missed it somewhere, but what is the minimum player count for it? @James Ace If you want 1 red-box edition deck + the blast from the past pack pledge for $45. If you want 2 red-box edition decks (or white-box as you will be able to choose the color later) + 2 blast from the past packs, pledge for $60. If it is possible and you are not adding add-ons (which this project doesn't have as far as I know), I would always change my pledge to the correct tier. It said the red-box edition "double this for $60" - do I just pledge for that anc change it to $60 (ex shipping) or do I just go for the $60 double pledge instead? @Fabian Muller: It says a "FREE printable version of the game" - it will be available to everyone, just like the printable version of CAH So only backers with a 25$ + pledge will get the PDF? :( C'mon dude i'm broke! Can't you add a new tier with only the digital version? @Sylvain Send them a message or an email ^^ @Creator Any update on how close we are to achieving any targets for the stretch goal? :) This was a quote from the creators earlier: "We've answered this a few times in a few different ways, so I'll summarize: International shipping is extremely expensive, and getting more expensive every year. What you see in the shipping cost is the exact cost from our fulfillment company to get Joking Hazard to your doorstep with no import fees (which are substantial, we know this firsthand from our first Kickstarter). Many Kickstarters (you've linked a few) will offer unrealistically low shipping costs, and make up the difference in the profit margin of the actual product, leaving the customer with import taxes to pay afterward. This is a good strategy for some Kickstarters, but not for ours. We have analyzed every cost associated with our game in detail in order to come to this conclusion." @JurassicMatt. Let's help them :) Hi Guys from C&H, I am Yanis from Ideaspatcher ( a EU fulfillment company ). We can help you to low down the cost of your shipping price. And avoid your backers to pay any taxes. My skype is Latoui.Yanis and our website : www.ideaspatcher.com Sorry for putting this in the comment section it is the only way to reach you guys. Thanks ! I like how nobody has brought up the comment left below by the representative from Ideaspatcher. The Cyanide & Happiness team claim they "went into agonizing detail to calculate international shipping costs", yet didn't even bother to contact one of the largest EU fulfillment companies out there. Ideaspatcher has been successfully used by many major board game creators on Kickstarter - notably Jamey Stegmeier of Stonemeier Games (if you haven't heard of him, check out his most recent board game Kickstarter 'Scythe' which raised over 1.8 million dollars), and the folks at Tasty Minstrel games (their last Kickstarter game was $17 and shipped anywhere in the world for free). Based on Yanis from Ideaspatcher's comment below, it's clear that shipping for many international backers COULD be lower than it currently is. It is unfortunate that the Cyanide & Happiness team did not do sufficient research regarding fulfillment prior to launching this campaign. Sorry for all the questions @Bayley: You may want to check out KS's FAQ section, since it seems like you have a lot of questions about how projects work. Here's what the FAQ says about surveys: "Project creators will send an email survey to request any information they need to deliver you and your fellow backers’ rewards. Survey questions may include shipping address, size, color, or other project-specific preferences. Surveys are sent by the creator only after a project has been successfully funded, and the funding period is over. Some creators send surveys right away; others wait until they’re ready to deliver rewards. If you think you might have missed a survey email, please log in to your Kickstarter account to check — you’ll see a yellow notification bar at the top of the site for any missed surveys. Once you complete a survey, you'll receive an email confirmation that includes a copy of your responses." So basically, you'll get an email, or you can access the survey through Kickstarter. Either way, you don't have to worry about it until the campaign ends. (Remember what I told you earlier? Until funding ends, nothing is final -- people can drop out or change their reward -- so there's no point in sending surveys yet.) Does anyone know how there sending the survey @TenChiGin: "if this was being shipped from the UK to the USA then the shipping costs would probably be double what we're being charged, for tracked shipping alone!" - you can be sure, if this was being shipped from the UK to the USA, and it was we in the UK who were getting shipping for free and you guys paying taxes and imports, this comment section would be inundated with irate US backers, acting, to use that quaint American expression, butthurt over shipping rates. You can absolutely guarantee it. In think the shipping is quite steep but not enough to put me off getting it. In fact, if you go for the two decks rather than one, it almost becomes quite reasonably priced. Almost. Point is, it looks like a great game, I'd love to get it in time to gift it to someone at Christmas, so I'll be backing and supporting the campaign however I can. Now that we have 25000 backers if everyone likes the FB we will have half of the social media achievement for level 3! @Sylvian. No harm done. :-) @Joshua : And yes i am 100% genuine and part of me follow the situation hoping to see any updates... Will see @Joshua Hric : Working with customers relationship I can tell it is the best 1$ I have never spent in my entire life. Worth more than all university class on the subject. @TenChiGin : I paid 1$ to have the freedom to express myself. The way I see it, some people get kill to express themselves so 1$ it's nothing. I want to assure you that I am not trolling... Sorry if you feel this way. At this point I have stop complaining about shipping if you noticed. I reacted to your post about people complaining. I feel it is their right to complain like I did and you hoping to see complainers stop backing the project so they can share their concern so you don't have to read people that have different opinions is ordinary and selfish. There is still 20 days to go and I will follow the situation and defend any attack on people getting attack for having an opinion. Nothing personal... @TenChiGin I hope most of the people here are genuine enough to say what they really think instead of hiding behind an online persona (I am not doing that either) as it is kind of pathetic to do imo. @Joshua If you mean the cards this kickstarter is for, sure I want to play with them. Anyway whatever other people think, it is all good. I am glad people are different with different ideas and believes and that we can all back a project from people we are enjoying the content from. I have an other project to take my anger out on (SCiO) because they are screwing their backers over. I never had the feeling that C&H was screwing the backers over so for me I see this as an agree to disagree scenario and I will try to only post helpful comments here from now on. *your views on shipping costs @TenChiGin. I see you point, but the beat way to deal with trolls is to ignore them. @Sylvain Ethier Please reevaluate if that dollar and negative comments are helping the campaign. If you really want to help out the process, more comments about shipping will not help. I would suggest laying off the comments until day ten to see if they can update you on the shipping. Begin to post solutions to this because I believe you are genuine in you concern with helping out the creators, and the creators have seen your shipping you prior messages in you previous posts. @Mette want to play with your d*ck. And another BTW . . . Don't think that I talk like this just because this is a forum situation. I'm perfectly happy to sit across a table from any of you chaps (or chapesses) and talk about it over a pint . . . and then, if necessary, take it outside. . . ;-) Hi @Mette. You are right in many respects, and perhaps I am whingeing in counterpoint. Point accepted. But I'm also using dry humour rather than flat out complaining. However, I do kinda object to people deciding they no longer want a product, but still hang around to complain about it. They have said their piece and should just move on with their lives. @Creator have explained their position on at least two occasions so that should have been the end of it. You either accept their position and pledge, or you don't and you withdraw. Import duty can be a very hit or miss affair, and some shippers will send items identified in non-tax bands (such as "educational materials") to avoid these duties. Others just slip through. I've been both luck and unlucky in that respect over the years, but I'm not foolish enough (no offence intended to anyone, it's just a phrase) to believe that I'll never be caught out, and always factor in the extra cost. Having paid import duty on a number of items I realise that what C&H are doing actually saves me money. BTW, if this was being shipped from the UK to the USA then the shipping costs would probably be double what we're being charged, for tracked shipping alone! I'm sorry, but paying $1 in order to hang around and continue complaining is the very definition of Trolling. [BTW, did nobody get the "clip-clop . . . clip-clop" joke? . . . *sigh*] @TenChiGin I am still a backer (and I am looking forward to the product). I also don't have a problem with the stretchgoals. Some kickstarter projects have a lot and other don't, that doesn't matter to me. I don't think most of the people complain to troll a project, but more because they either really want the product and can't buy the product (because of there is not shipping to their country) or they think the shipping is overpriced. I think they just care about the product and about C&H and they feel singled out. I am not somebody who rolls over and let everything come over me without trying to change something or at least let my mind being heard. If everybody just rolled over most of the people would still be slaves. Also I got my answer and although I maybe not 100% agree with the reasoning, it is was it is. I can see the other side of the coin as well, but unfortunately for a lot of people what seems to be difficult to do (and that is what pisses me off sometimes, that's all). Whining about other people whining is not really helping clear up the discussion here either ;). @Sylvain I have lots of joy in my life, thank you, but there is always room for a little more. :-) And of course you kept a $1 pledge otherwise how would you fill those countless empty hours except with bounteous, prosaic, candorous expressions of watery bile and discontent. In truth, you paid a $1 to be a Troll (there's a pun there somewhere about bridges and card games . . .). Clearly my dry sense of humour has gone straight over your head . . . clip-clop . . . clip-clop . . . clip-clop. . . Hi Guys from C&H, I am Yanis from Ideaspatcher ( a EU fulfillment company ). We can help you to low down the cost of your shipping price. And avoid your backers to pay any taxes. My skype is Latoui.Yanis and our website : www.ideaspatcher.com Sorry for putting this in the comment section it is the only way to reach you guys. Thanks ! @Ace this is not an appropriate use for this comment section. This is not the first time you advertised this here. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @TenChiGin : I kept the 1$ pledge so I can express myself. If you are not happy and back project without consideration so don't look at the comment and just read the updates... Nobody forces you to look at the comments. If you don't have enough joy in your life you can use the C&H generator... . . . Hopefully, those people who have 'outed' themselves on this campaign (. . . i.e. deleted their pledge) will no longer be treated as "backers" and wont be able to post any more tiresome comments about shipping. I think my eyes have RSI from reading the same whingeing comments over and over. . . FYI people, I'm pledging to several successful campaigns with no planned stretch goals and you don't see me or anyone else there complaining in their comments area. You rarely get SFN in this life so it is a joy and delight when you do, and C&H seem, to me, to always be looking to go that one step further to bring us a little delight in our lives. I can't wait for their next campaign and want desperately to pledge for one of those unique, quirky tiers . . . like a pack of dog or cat-chewed bonus cards or hand drawn d*cks on random cards in the main deck . . . just a suggestion. ;-) Is there a card that says "Tongue punch my fart box"? @Bob: Yes, the $45 red box tier includes the Blast From the Past expansion and the normal Kickstarter booster pack. Can't justify $17 for shipping on this. Over 50% of the base pledge Do you get the "Blast from the Past" with the $45 Red Box edition? I've pledged 60 for 2 pack. Will I receive 2 red KS editions or the retail ones? Sorry guys, I'm out like Duncan Banatyne. Just not enough VfM for me here. Gah. I really wanna get get both coloured boxes instead of the same coloured box @Bayley: I am not sure, but that is how I understand it to be. To be honest, I hope this is a fact because if I would have backed for 2 boxes, I would want the same thing. If I brought the two deck combo could I get the White box and red box Brent, I just did the first ice bucket one. So only 9 more videos to go. If I brought the two deck combo could I get the White box and red box I'm surprised we haven't beat the fish, ice bucket, cosplay, and snowman challenges. I may do the ice bucket one tomorrow if I have the time. I say an hour because I think that's how long the ice will take to freeze. I will post a video of ice water with my two year old tonight if no one else steps up before then. If you don't submit a video in the next hour it's YOUR fault my two year old will cry because I only have him to do it with and apparently no one else will do the ice water. Wusses. @creator hey there cyanide and happiness team. still no answer why south korea is inexplicably left out of shipping options when much more random and smaller places are included. could i get an answer if you plan to ship over here? would love to throw more money at you. @Henry Swantner I am quite sure they said it in the comments here or in their update. You get red boxes with the 60$ and above tier. The tier itself speaks fof 2 booster packs and it is called two deck combo, so I am quite sure it is double the 45$ tier. @matthijs I'd like to hear that from @Cyanide And Happiness though. I can make a best guess all day too, but they are the only ones who actually know what they plan to do. @James R. Mason: I know they don't HAVE to listen to me... But they can chose to do so... You see the difference... Anyway you are not there anymore so... @Sylvain: Nope, not a democracy. Nobody is voting. There's no constitution. Just some guys who came up with a cool idea and the rest of us who chose to back it. The creators don't have to listen to you. Neither do I. And with that, I'll no longer follow these comments. Enjoy your game. Go C&H yourself. @Mette : That's the spirit... I guess I let my emotion take over because at the beginning I was so excited because I just LOVE their work... I was frustrated... So it was Denial first... I backed right away... then Anger, realized price was way to high, then Bargaining... Try to make them realize they could do better, then Depression... Just sad to realize I will not be able to enjoy the game and now Acceptance... Whatever there is worst in life :) The 5 stages of Loss ! I agree, I will try to stay of here about the shipping thing, but although I don't mind the price itself anymore, I get somewhat agetated if people tell other people don't understand why a lot of foreign backers get pissed of about paying 50% shipping. I am glad not everybody is the same and I usually can understand most views without a problem, but I am getting too worked up in this case and I don't even know why. I think it is because I really do love C&H and I want it to make as much money as possible. And yeah, I know you can buy it afterwards, but normally (with most kickstarters, but that does not mean it will be with this one), the product is more expensive afterwards + I want to support them. I have also bought their books although I can read it all for free online so yeah. We will see. They doing very well and I am sure they will have multiple millions in the end and quite a lot of backers and they deserve it. @Owen "Great Mountain" Middleton : I 100% agree with you. The proof is here. :) What happens in one campaign doesn't mean it will happen in another. @James R. Mason : How can you say that this is not democracy then ?!? Democracy is everywhere you want it to be. It is not like they signed a contract preventing them to do any changes... They choose to not change anything and it is fine but I saw tons of kickstarter campaign with some people complaining that resulted with some changes in the campaign. @Mette You are always welcome to purchase the game if/when it becomes commercially available. I suspect the creators of the game are unconcerned. You need not be concerned on their behalf. @Sylvian No republican here. Just a dude who likes C&H. I don't affiliate with any particular political party. I'm in the 'leave me the hell alone and spend my tax dollars wisely without wasting TOO much' party, whatever the name for that is. @Mette : I said to them I was getting off their back so I am in peace with the price to... At some point you have to admit defeat. You have to admit, they stick to their belief. They have a good product and they know it. They don't share our view of what a KS campaign should be but this is just different perspective. We think as fan, they think as business man and there is nothing wrong with this... I guess... just different mentality. At the essence... Kickstarter is not suppose to be a platform to MAKE money but finance a project by the fans. to get help putting to project out there but we live in a capitalism world and they do need money. I guess I was misguided by the choice of Kickstarter (crowdsourcing funding) to get the money. At this point you have to wish them best luck. I mean, i would have love to enjoy and evangelize the game but there is tons of other opportunity out there. I know it is not going to change and like I said, I have more or less made my peace with the price. The thing is, it is not the price of the product which is the problem, it is the price of the shipping which is the problem for a lot of foreign backers. And yes, a lot of them will not buy the game when they otherwise would. In my opinion this IS a problem for the creators of this project. You usually want everybody interested in your product to buy your product and not scare them away. @James R. Mason. lolololol A republican buying a cynical game... That is the best joke of the day so far. Thanks :) This is the first kickstarter project I have ever backed. I have been reading the comments regarding shipping/import tax to foreign countries with great interest. If you're not comfortable with the cost of the product, don't buy it. I suspect that your whining isn't going to change anything. This isn't a democracy. @CowabungaDude90 The shipping for the US backers is free if I'm not mistaken. It depends on the country (which I don't have a problem with as it is normal). For me it is 26$ to Belgium (including customs and taxes apparently). How do you figure out your shipping costs? Says $0 on my manage pledge. Also I happily keep supporting this kickstarter as I think it will be great and I got decent enough reasoning why the pricing is as it is, but they won't get close to the 220 000 backers and almost 9 000 000$ exploding kittens got with this shipping cost. I really think it should be possible to get close with the amount of fans they have (and I think the shipping cost + the fact that not every country in the world can order the cards will prevent this). So I think they are losing money by choosing the shipping company they chose, which is unfortunate I understand they had trouble last time (I wasn't a backer, but that is what they said) and I know they can't do good for everybody. It's just unfortunate for the people who want the cards, but they can't order them or the shipping is just a bit much. The shipping is what it is and I more or less have come to terms with it, but it is still expensive if you compare it to everything I ever ordered from the US even books which weighed much more then this and where I had to pay import taxes on. @Joshua Hric Card protectors would be great as "reward". @nathanxfinch I have compared it to Exploding Kittens which was a similar Card game and which I had 4 boxes from for 15$ instead of the 26$ they are asking me here. Also, I did NOT have to pay taxes for that one either as they shipped it from Europe. I think they are pretty comparable as they ripped of the whole campaign anyway. But like I said afterwards, I understand why the shipping is the price it is. I think it hampers them for getting more backers, but what can you do. I think they are getting screwed by the shipping company (or exploding kittens did indeed make a loss on the shipping, which can be possible). @Reality Games Studios : 320 millions people in US for roughly 17000 backers, 35 millions in Canada for roughly 2000 backer... so Roughly 0.0055 % of each population bought the game meaning that the shipping cost didn't seem to have statistically such an impact. May be it is not them that are cheap but us ... However many times you repeat it - these shipping costs are outrageous and simply not justified. I live in EU and ordered things from the USA and all around the world many times. 24$ shipping and import taxes on a tiny 25$ product is a JOKE. But you probably don't care that you lost another backer anyway. United States 16,406 backers Canada 1,995 backers United Kingdom 1,888 backers Australia 1,635 backers Oh, just realized it's 50% of the cost in USD. 17$ for 280 cards, I'm out! @nathanxfinch In what way a shipment from USA of a low weight can drastically get it's shipping cost increased? If they are requesting the packages to be individually shipped from china to my door, damn, they need to learn how it's really done :P You of all ppl should understand that! I find it funny how everyone is bashing the shipping costs and comparing it to project A or project B. Every project is different, they have different weights, different vendors they work with and different ways of handling costs. I have worked in the customs brokerage business (and still do, just in a different capacity) and I can tell you rules and regulations are ever changing and are different depending on very particular rules. These people are experts and know the details of their product, you are just guessing based off previous experience. Maybe in the end they will find that it cost them a lot less money and they will refund the difference, but I would give them the benefit of the doubt, they are being careful. Also, 12$ to ship 280 cards in canada from USA is ... a profitable price. I pay this for 8kg packages kickstarters.... @SilverChiren sweeet... I was hoping to have it by thanksgiving...that increases (though it doesn't promise) we will. @Alex They've already said the November date posted is the latest things will ship. That's only if everything that could possible go wrong does go wrong. If everything goes smoothly, they will ship much sooner than that. Is November realistically when you expect the game to be done by? It seems you've got most of it sorted, it's just getting all the content in there and then them being made. Will it really take 9 months till I get to play this game?! :c @Creator - which fulfillment company are you using for shipping? Are people really that butthurt over not getting stretch goals? I mean do people not realize developers hold back already planned content just to make you feel like you're "earning" stretch goals. It's the Video game equivalent of DLC on a disc you have to pay to access. over a million raised and only TWO stretch goals unlocked.... sigh... This KS is cheap :) 1.1 million dollars for cards and almost nothing added extra :D I'll probably cancel. They are too greedy for Kickstarter... get a publisher already! You'll want to wash the red border cards separately. I just need to know 'if I drop any of my cards in dog shit, can I wash with mixed colors, or are they dry clean only?' That question does not include free shipping, unless you want the game to become more expensive. How is everyone doing today ? What is one reward you would like to see in the future? @Zip-Loc! Arcadian Pool Sorcerer : I was saying that my comments was not spam... not the other guy :) Well, he's posted the exact same comment 3 times already so if he isn't a spambot he's doing his best impression of one @Creator : I know you keep saying that but I ordered many game from the US and support some kickstarter (redacted, Deception) and I didn't get the import fees you are referring to. Is it something new from january 2016 ? I already get fees for importing stuff in the past but not for the games I bought on kickstarter so far (I am Canadian... not European). So your answer make sense in terms of justification but I just don't see how it applies since I never receive fees whatsoever. So basically you are saying you ask more for the shipping so I don't have to pay fees that I actually never had to pay in the past. This is what I don't understand. But hey... At least you took time to answer directly to my concern so from now on I promise I'll stop being on your back and wish you the best for the end of the campaign We purchased the $60 perk before the red box was a thing. Will we receive the red box as well? @Creator :Free shipping worldwide. <url>"Sexy KS-exclusive booster pack of 10 [soon to be 20] cards" in the $60 "Two Deck Combo" level. So ... The $45 "Red Box Edition" included: - Main deck of ### cards in a KS-exclusive red box. - Blast From The Past: 50 card booster pack. - Sexy KS-exclusive booster pack of 10 [soon to be 20] cards Then it says "(Double *this* for $60)", the $60 "Two Deck Combo" pledge. However, does the "Sexy KS-exclusive booster pack" double and we get 2 packs as it's covered under "this"? Or is it just one "Sexy KS-exclusive booster pack" *per pledge*? Am I going to have to fight my friend to the death over a small pack of cards? I really don't want to, but ya know ... 20 cards is 20 cards. Why red? It's a Kickstarter special edition box. Shouldn't it be green? Will the red box have any special wording explaining to all the sweet ladies how my d*ck is better than the other guys', or will it just be the same but red? @Patrick. In summary, the box will be able to fit the orginal d*ck and lots of smaller d*cks all in one hole. The mentioned earlier that you can fit around 475 cards in each box comfortably. The question was asked "will both decks fit in one box?". Their response was " yes, but not advised". Good question asked earlier...Are you guys going to be making expansions in the future, and if so, is the wooden box primed to be able to hold expansions (much like how CAH's Bigger Blacker Box is actually just today running out of room as it was made with expansions in mind), or does it just hold the primary game and any expansions later will just sit outside of it? Extra money for a different-colored box? Really? @Amy thanks for the info. I'm glad. Yall should make the cards beer/water proof! so about the shipping to korea, or the lackthereof. what's up with that? Why havent you guys updated the tinder one yet? its clearly finished already :) My favorite color is BleEn 32 Really expensive shipping (even though taxes are paid). Is there no way to decrease this? :( @Clayton: Which is why the extra cards will not be included in anyone else's deck. Someone else already asked about it and the creators responded about 4 hours ago -- scroll back through the comments to check, and try not to pay too much attention to the red-box arguments. Is anyone else concerned about the $1000 level. If the deck has 60 cards that are all inside jokes between friends they won't be funny to us.... That's a lot of unfunny cards. ok thanks Amy @Bayley, nothing is set in stone until AT LEAST the end of the Kickstarter campaign (and a lot of campaigns use services that let you change your order even after that). You have not bought anything yet, and you have not been charged for anything yet. Until the campaign ends, you are free to cancel your pledge, reduce its amount, OR increase its amount. If you want the red box, just change your pledge to $45 and select the red box reward. Is there a way to get the red box once you've brought the blast from the past pack This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I just think its unfair that i cant refund my money to buy the red box i like the red box but i just want one i for one like the red box im all for the option to pay extra for aesthetic bullshit now if they make another for $50 with another bonus pack that changes the game then i'll be less happy Do anyone else think it's unfair that the people who brought the normal blast from the past box don't get the red box @Mary do it the way I did. Find a buddy that also wants to back it and just select the $60 option so you both get the red box for effectively $30 Please explain why you are charging $20 more for a red box that will not be available after the campaign? Your original goal was $10,000 and you just might hit 2 million. Does it REALLY cost that much to make the box red. Red box should go to any backer who wants it. You would be nowhere without your backers. Makes no sense. Is there any other difference except the red color of the red box? Different texture? Extra artwork? Maybe you can lick it to make it extra unique. @Robert - The rewards for those stretch goals apply to all backers, regardless of when you backed. I'm curious if I pledged after lvl 1-3 were finished do I still get the rewards from those? why did you take the level 1 stretch goal out ? O_o I'd love to pledge 25$ for the game, but I refuse to pay twice the amount to have it shipped to germany x_x I'll buy it through amazon or something when it's out I guess... Are you guys going to be making expansions in the future, and if so, is the wooden box primed to be able to hold expansions (much like how CAH's Bigger Blacker Box is actually just today running out of room as it was made with expansions in mind), or does it just hold the primary game and any expansions later will just sit outside of it? Upped form $35 to $60... you bastards got me!!! I'm backed at the $60 Two Deck Combo. Does that mean I'll get the equivalent of two $45 tier rewards? [Desperately looking for a Kickstarter campaign for new Teddies, as so many people seem to be discarding theirs] ;-) Thank you so much for offering the $45 dollar option of a gift box. I really wanted one, but didn't have the $200 for the wooden one. I can't wait to play the game and I have sent it to several of my friends. Have a good one! Absolutely freaking ridiculous to try to pry some extra money out of backers by giving them something that almost EVERY SINGLE OTHER KS CAMPAIGN gives to backers for free. One of the standard perks for backing via KS is having a KS exclusive unit. I would love to have the red box, but I will not pay extra for it out of principle. Unfortunately I want the game bad, but suffice to say I won't ever purchase another item from you or support you in any way. I'm on the bandwagon of "Kickstarter supporters of all tiers that involve the cards should get the Kickstarter exclusive collectors box". Thank you for your time. Guys! It's just a bonus for an extra 10 dollars IF you want it. theyre not raising the price on the already set prices, they are just doing it for people who want to pay for it. If you don't like it, fine. Don't buy that $45 dollar box, stick with the 35 dollar box. It's up to you. But don't complain If I get the $60 tier for 2 copies, is it possible to add $30 to get a 3rd copy? @Sam Excellent point that I was going to make if this debate went on any longer. As an occasional eBay seller I have a good idea of the cost of overseas shipping so didn't balk at the shipping cost . . . and I'm sure I saw a message from @Creator stating that their shipping costs included import duty (though that could have been another campaign I'm currently supporting). I'm going to chuck this in with regards to shipping to the UK (I can't speak for rest of world) in support of their prices. They are including the price of import tax (which can be extortionate) so that it arrives at your door. I once ordered something from the U.S. that was no bigger than the size of my palm and weighed less than an apple (much smaller and lighter than this product will be)... it cost me £13 import tax on top of the £10 postage. So by them offering to cover the import tax they are actually saving you money (in the UK at least). Hope this helps some people understand the shipping cost :) I'm going to chuck this in with regards to shipping to the UK (I can't speak for rest of world) in support of their prices. They are including the price of import tax (which can be extortionate) so that it arrives at your door. I once ordered something from the U.S. that was no bigger than the size of my palm and weighed less than an apple (much smaller and lighter than this product will be)... it cost me £13 import tax on top of the £10 postage. So by them offering to cover the import tax they are actually saving you money (in the UK at least). Hope this helps some people understand the shipping cost :) @rossyjr92 I never claimed to be a veteran! And you have no idea how many KS I've passed up, or backed with my gaming group. Will the cards created by the $1000 tier-people be included in the decks of the lower tiers? Ie will I get to play with the cards that the top tier created? 10 extra dollars to upgrade my boring white box to a fiery-hot snazzy red and also to show I'm a sucker for that kind of stuff for a moderate increase in pledge money? Hell yeah! @Creator I understand where you guys are comming from. It's just the value you put on the box by creating a new tier which seems high. I understand you want the game to stay the same for all tiers. I guess this is indeed a good thing so everybody has the same game. Thanks for responding. I understand the choice of releasing the red box. If people asked for an extra special box, it is nice of you to comply. I know you don't want to piss off people and you get a lot of backlash for a lot of things. I just saw 10$ extra for a painted box and that was why I went on a complainingspree as I think that is a lot for only heaving a different color. I do think it is a nice gesture for the people who backed the 60$ tier or higher. So just to clarify, when you do the $60 tier to get two sets of the game, BOTH of them come with the red box? @TenChiGin To be honest, I would have less problems with the red box being for 60$ and over if it wasn't for the extra tier. I have seen backers with higher amounts being rewarded before as well and I get that. It was the way it was posted + they put a value on the red box (10$), which seems very expensive. Just as they clearly said, it's not as if the red box was part of a stretch goal. It was something completely different. It's an upgrade basically. They won't be making as many of those boxes, so it will cost more to make them. With 110 different things backed during my time on Kickstarter Iv seen so many people complain about so much. Stretch goals are a bonus! Bonus. B. O. N. U. S. They don't have to do them. At all. You want to say they are greedy for wanting extra money, but what about those who want extra stuff? You backed at let's say 60$, you don't put a dollar more into the campaign and yet you get extra things because other people put money in. They have to take that money and make sure it can cover the pledge and also making sure it covers everything still. They don't want to break even, it's a business, they have people to pay, bills to pay and future things to do. @Liencam: +1 @Andrew Excellent suggestion for an expansion pack! *hat tip* @Others. . . Given that Kickstarter is such a wide and varied facility, people are going to have different experiences with different projects. I, for one, am not at all surprised by the "Red Box" upgrade being applied to those pledges over a certain tier level. I've seen it on many projects and accept that it acknowledges the higher level of support pledged by those individuals. I think it SHOULD be limited to higher tier pledges, but I do think it was a mistake to introduce a new $45 tier to coax people into going for the Red Box upgrade. I recently upgraded to the $60 tier because I want to test the "Unoriginality Trap" (scroll down a few yards), before the "Red Box" upgrade was even announced, but if I hadn't I would still see that upgrade as something I hadn't "earned". I think that on balance the @Creator team are being very fair. And as for the upgrade method, tasks rather than $$$, I think it is entirely within their character and encourages exactly the sort of silliness that this game is based on! *Climbs down from soapbox* @rossyjr22 : Are you living in US ? @Caitlin Kneemiller I am very happy with the game itself as well as it looks good and that's why I backed. Also I want to congratulate them as well for the 1 000 000 backers. I think the project deserves to be successful. If I did not have to pay so much for the shipping I would probably have more incentive to buy the box. If it had more stuff instead of only the color (more cards or something), I would think about buying the red box for 10$. For only the color, I think 3$ is more worth it. I have paid for signatures on books before on kickstarter (although It was difficult for me to pay the extra price for a signature), but ultimately I think it adds a bit more to the product then only the price. I do get why they did it after the message from the creator. People asked for a more affordable exclusive box, so yeah. You can not make everybody happy. It just is not enough value for me to upgrade as I am already paying 61$ for 2 boxes of cards + shipping. I just think they would make much more money if the upgrade was cheaper, that's all. I don't get what everyone is so worked up about. This looks to be a great game, Kickstarter is a site that is supposed to making creating something new easier. We are backing them to help push this thing to production, not to 'Get us a deal'. Yes we are promised a version of the game, but this is more for the creators than the consumers. They don't need to give us 3x the value of the game. We already have items in SGs that are exclusive to kickstarter and we will likely hit 1-2 more stretch goals that will only add on the 'free' items. People need to stop complaining and feeling entitled. The 1 Million mark was a 'Big Announcement', not a promise of goodies. Calm down and just look forward to the great product! @Liencam: constructive criticism is good, but adjusting orders costs money and if there is a limited Red Box run we have no idea what the contracted prices are. They are giving plenty of add ons to everyone where if someone doesn't want a red box, that is their choice (I'll stick with white). Also, backing 6 items doesn't exactly making you a kickstarter veteran. Some projects are more organized, but many are much worse with little to no communication (This is only my 5th backing but I have watched the communication on many others including some that were closed with fraud complaints). Scraping an extra $10 for a red box evokes P.T. Barnum more than Exploding Kittens, which up to now I've compared this Kickstarter favorably to. I'm not seeing the value-add of a red box versus, say, a box with some sort of extra features (wooden, whatever) that is clearly more distinctive, durable, etc. than the original. If you're going to make a backer color, you might as well make *all* the backer boxes red. If I want to prove I backed this I can do far more definitive things like show the receipt or whatever funny insert is included with the shipment. @Creator P.S. If you don't now make an expansion with cards referencing the things that happened during your KS campaign then you're not doing this right! =P @Creator I've had no issues at all with everything else about this campaign and am really excited for the game. I can understand from your reply that people may have asked for something obtainable, that's a good reason. I think announcing it the way you did just made it seem more crappy than it actually is. 'Hey guys, thanks for helping us reach $1 million! Here's a version of the box that's red instead of white and will cost you more! Woo!' Can you see why some of us were like 'Erm, what?!' =) Thanks for the explanation though, that eases my mind. Looking forward to finding out what the next stretch goals will be! For those asking people to be constructive - we're on Kickstarter. There are lots of very good, very friendly, and very successful game companies on here. I resent having to suggest someone at C&H approach these companies for a better idea of how to deliver a truly engaging campaign. Summary: I'm happy to pay the cost of the game, would prefer cheaper shipping, and some kind of backing-linked ladder of SGs. Detail: Firstly, there are few SG goals linked to $$$. This makes me wonder if they already have enough $$$ from each individual backer to cover the printing run should all SGs be met (which they won't be). Secondly, shipping is simply not value for money here. This is impossible to argue against given the myriad KS with super heavy rewards that have had a lot less backing and still shipped for less. Thirdly, I just want more cards in the box. Those are all the rewards we should care about - unless they offer something like better quality card stock. The offer of a different coloured box for just 12% of existing backers, and the option to spend $10 if you're amongst the EIGHTY EIGHT PERCENT of those who've 'under-pledged' is terrible and unequal. AND overpriced. It's also baffling given the correlation between lower tier backers & complaints about shipping. Fourthly, it's not the privilege of companies to only respond to constructive complaints. There's a clear theme to the comments, and they are not being addressed. Finally, I'd wager that most of us voicing concerns are experienced backers on KS. I am, and I'm finding this campaign increasingly frustrating. I think the red box is a cool first upgrade. Kind of sucks that some need to pay more, but it's not like it's the last new thing they're going to add. (If there were a way to make the box gold, shiny, and KS exclusive, I'd be all over that!) I can't tell you how excited I am for this game in general, and to see how it's going to expand through kickstarter till the end. Congrats on hitting the $1 Mill mark! One thing I hope to see is card protectors. If you guys don't offer them, I still want to find ones that will work, but I would love ones that go with the game. I'm sure others would love them as well. Even if they cost a little extra. I'm sorry guys that you have to deal with so many complaints. Just know, a majority of us are quietly cheering you on, and happy with what's been going on :D @Creator Hmmm... That doesn't really answer the biggest complaint here, which is why you're charging more for a different coloured box? If that's what you want to do then that's cool, but it does come off as if you're trying to milk more out of your lower tier backers. I'm already paying $53 for a $35 game... adding another $10 to get a KS exclusive box really does seem like a blatant money grab and nothing else. @Mette : And you know what.... It is ok to be overwhelmed ! At this point you sit down bring counselor (external) that is not overwhelmed and you rethink your strategies. It is arrogance to think they can do everything be THEMSELVES... thinking they don't need others... When you win 1 millions at the lottery... You don't invest all the money are spend it right away. They are excited and they should be ! But they should ask for help. My opinion, they don't have to share it :) Curious, any mock-ups of the wooden box planned? I'd love to see what this end tier reward is going to look like. @Sylvain, I am not sure it is arrogance or whatever, I think they are somewhat overwelmed. I don't think it is easy to create a kickstarter, let alone such a successful one as this one. Also, as far as I understand from other projects, it is best to account for as much as you can in advance and it is almost impossible to account for everything. They selected this way to do the stretch goals and it worked nicely for Exploding Kittens. I don't know why it works less good for them to be honest. The problem they have for the shipping is that it will be difficult to find free shipping for the US with other shipping companies (I think), so it will be difficult to change as there will be an uproar if they change their shipping cost (understandably so). @Ross Naan Chappell: $45 tier apparently instead of $40. But you can change your pledge via that button until the kickstarter is over. After that the money will be transfered. @Ross Naan Chappell: You can up you pledge to the 40$ mark via the "Manage your pledge" button. There you can select a different tier. Is there ways to make a poll within kockstarter? It would be helpful to the C&H to see imperical data of the top three in you want the kick starter to head in. This would help gauge the true desire of those supporting this kickstarted. Is there a way to upgrade our pledges to get the red box, would have don't that in the first place if it existed. @Vasilis Papaioannou Very good point! @airborne203: This is normal for most kickstarter projects and has nothing to do with this announcement at all. This is not a stretch goal, it is a "gift" for the people who helped them financing this project, so they can pay some more. @ Vasilis: The final tier will be a gold box (painted) @Mette You are right. I put myself in other people shoes for a living so I easily recognize arrogance VS empathy... Avoiding (or should I say ignoring) all concern by the backers is not a good strategy broad wise. They have to address the matters... When theu annonced a big update for the million I was expecting a shipping drop... Red box exclusive is cool but how many comments were asking for that 0. How many comments about shipping or not adequate strech goal ... hundreds... At the beginning I was thinking more arrogance but at this point I just think they are clumsy and unskillful in terms of customer relationship. May be they think that because they write dark comics they are not under the "I have to treat the customers well" business model. And if they think so far they are right because they have a millions... they will never know how much they would have get having a better attitude ! And I am afraid that it is too late to know because they lost A LOT of momentum opportunity already. Just a hypothetical question to everybody that changed their pledge to the "Red box edition". If this project eventually reaches 2M, and a new pledge level announced "Blue box edition" for additionally 20$, will you go for the Blue box, or remain to the red one? Also although I think every backer (of a box) should get the red box, I wouldn't mind pay a few $ extra for it if there is a good reason for this (if the red paint is actually a lot more expensive or something), but like 2 or 3$ extra, not 10. This is 40% of the price of the normal d*ck. I think that is somewhat exessive. Wow, if I donated $25-35 I am not getting upgrades from the stretch goals of an extra 30 cards and exclusive booster pack, plus any other stretch goals reached in the next 20+ Days. You are already getting more for the donations than the start of the campaign, please stop complaining or whining. Or better yet, offer some solutions or ideas! @Daniel @Joshua : Thank Joshua for the positive way to expose a concern. Hope the fact that you use a solution perspective will bring some attention to the expose problem ! My pledge will go from 1$ to 40$ as soon as the logistic is optimize in order to reduce final cost for the client (shipping from 17 to 10 will be good... cheaper than 10$ will be exceptional) Agreed, Bazz. C&H are just seeing the the $$$$'s. But, they'll be sat in they're ivory tower laughing at us all backing them. And yet, they still won't reply to any comment about the shipping, shit stretch goal management or the fact that they've got no appreciation for the masses that put them up on that pedestal. Well over 1000% over the funding goal and 2 stretch goals reached. Garbage. @Daniel: The reason why I am not as possitive over the 10$ costing red box is because I have a lot of experience with kickstarter projects over the years and normally for stuff like this the backers GET something for free or just get their box upgraded instead of having to pay extra for it. It is just common sense. Somebody who backed just 1 deck is as much a kickstarter backer then somebody who pays 200$. This is not a kickstarter exclusive red box as not all kickstarter backers get it. The box itself doesn't bother me, but don't try to look it like a kickstarter exclusive "gift". It is a gift for all backers who paid more then x amount (which is fine in itself, but it does not have anything to do with the milion subscribers at all, that's all). @joshua see you are trying to be positive and instead of complaining, you are trying to provide helpful feedback. I appreciate you so very dissapointed, hate to be negative and always try to be suportive of kickstarters but may have to reconsider my backing- no disrespect as this is a great game but with the pledge amount over 1 million i expected much more but all we seem to have got is over priced shipping and 2 unlocked stretch goals- its just screams greedy :( im so sorry to say it but its how i see it. This could have been something amazing- such a shame. The increased demand creates two scenarios. The first scenario is that costs will become cheaper. Buying in bulk will reduce reduce costs. The second senerio is increase shipping complexity. Both senerios can be solved by bringing in a consultant to create a workflow chart to analyse cost saving measures, as well as auction off the shipping job to reduce costs. I understand they are contracting out the manufacturing of Cards Against to print them, but you can save the manufacturer money which can be passed along to the consumer. Is there anyway to add a third d*ck to my $60 two d*ck pack without needing to get the $200 version with the wooden box? I think two things to consider are the following. One, shipping may be reduced when you are eventually charged on March 10th. The proce is not set in stone until you are charged. Secondly, we should request certain things we want as kickstarter rewards. Instead of taking a negative approach the red box, use it as a spring board to new ideas that might be innovative and add value to the consumer. Surely every backer should get the kickstarter exclusive red box and have the white box available for non-backers after the campaign. Bit of a crap reward for everyone who has helped you more than smash your original target. @Daniel Because they're asking for an extra $10 so our box can be red. A lot of us are already paying quite a bit more to get the game shipped. The reason we're 'whiny' is because it seems unfair. It may not to you, but there's a reason so many of us aren't happy about it. I don't see how asking people for more money is in any way a reward, especially given the consistent - unaddressed - heat you guys are drawing over exorbitant shipping costs. I recently backed the Gallerist. This weighs 3.6KG/8lbs and was shipped from Asia to the UK for $21. All fees were handled in the cost. They raised less than $100K. You really need to address this issue. Sam** You are right same. Your money isn't appreciated at all. How dare they try to do something nice. It wasn't a stretch goal. It was just "oh look we reached a million, let's do something extra" Why are so many people on here so whiny?? @Mark Fettig It also makes me want to back out. First the high shipping fees, now this.... I'm going to have to agree. Red Box is a very disappointing announcement. Surely all pledge levels should get the honour of having the KS exclusive box because for helping fund the project because... they helped fund the project. I have pledged what I can afford and now feel like my money isn't appreciated. This red box crap almost makes me want to back out. What a punch in the d*ck. Money hungry. I would think it doesn't include shipping. 60$ pledge level would be my understanding Also why so much butthurt over the box? Really... @Julian Staack "If you pledged $60, $200, or anything in between, your copies of the game are automatically upgraded" This needs to be clarified if includes or excludes shipping fees. Hence if it is the total pledge with of without shipping Always remember: Innocent Bystanders Are Only Partial Cover Seriously, the game looks cool, but you guys aren't very good at managing KS campaigns. At all. A red box. Woo friggin' hoo. I pledged 61$ (game + shipping) Does this mean I'll get a red box? ^^ I won't if not... 61$ is already expensive but more then 70 for a card game? No The red box is exactly identical (size, weight, material, quality etc.) as the white box, except of the red color? So just to make this clear. To give something back to all the Kickstarter backers for the 1M achievement, you are offering an exclusive KS box (exactly the same as the original but in a red color) BUT they have to pay 10$ additionally. WHY? Could you please justify WHY? How this amount is being justified? Why not offering it for free? How you justify the increased cost of the red box by 10$, and not offering it by 1$ more or even by 15$/20$/25$ more ? 1 mill mile stone and theres a red box. really ? 10$ for a different color box... That's quite a lot for some red paint. I have backed quite some projects where there are kickstarter exclusive things for extra money, but they usually add something extra. Imo the color of the box is not really something extra. what an uninteresting million dollar announcement Sorry if this was asked before but with the $60 pledge does each deck have its own red box/white box? I don't understand why we should pay more to have tbe red edition box... It's the same game... We all back on kickstarter so we should all have a kickstarter edition of the game @Creators - any chance of a 'Two Red Box' pledge level? I would have preferred a sleeve or a KS-exclusive box for all backers rather than paying extra for a KS-exclusive box. I'm not sure adding two more tiers to pay more money is really a celebration or reward for existing backers for hitting $1,000,000. That being said we still have the opportunity to unlock more stretch goals. There has been a lot of talk about how this game cribs from and is inspired by Cards Against Humanity, but just looking at the rules, there is a VERY important difference in that the game provides more opportunity for card churning. You ever been stuck with a hand of lame crap in Cards, after exhausting all your cards with "dick" on them? Yeah, it sucks. (Heh heh.) The red cards coming up gives everyone a mulligan AND a chance to play two cards. Also, the judge gets to play a card on their turn instead of being passive. It adds up to more cards, more choices, and more variety. Nice quote @T.J. I though of playing that card but didn't want to get caught in the "Unoriginality Trap". ;-) :-D @SilverChiren Ah, . . . but then if that happened, as the judge of that round, wouldn't you relish the chance to say to one player, "Sorry, but the way (s)he said it was funnier. . ." And as for "unoriginality", surely that would only happen (apart from chance) if players played an 'obvious' card, in which case they both deserve to lose! Maybe there should be a penalty for being "unoriginal". :-) What is the worst that can happen if you cross the streams with two decks? Spengler: Try to imagine all life as you know it stopping instantaneously and every molecule in your body exploding at the speed of light. Ray Stantz: Total protonic reversal! Venkman: Right. That's bad. Okay. All right. Important safety tip. Thanks, Egon. @TenChiGin The worst that can happen is that your worst enemy plays the same punchline as you, and that round ends up in the purgatory of never knowing which of you are funnier. Or, you lose the round due to unoriginality. Despite the C&H recommendation to @Patrick not to mix two packs . . . I'm gonna do it! What's the worst that could happen? ;-) This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Where are we sitting on the stretch goals? @Zip-Loc! Arcadian Pool Sorcerer - Red cards are always the punchline. So after you dump as many cards as you like and draw back up, each player plays 2 cards as the set-up to the red panel punchline. @matthijs not necessarily, shipping to the UK for me was $18 for a $35 donation. It all depends on the country. So I have a question about the red bordered cards. As I understand it, whenever the deck turns over one of these cards, players can mulligan any number of cards from their hands, then play resumes as normal but with double points for the round. So what I'm not sure is how that round is played- is the red bordered card used as the last panel? Is it used (awkwardly) as a middle panel? Is it discarded and replaced? What's the dealio? @Vasilis +1 Come on guys! lower the shipping cost!!!! Do you know exactly what the card size will be? I'd like to design a 3D printable card shoe to put on thingiverse. @Lauren Kang yes indeed. You do have to convert. If you live outside of the us, shipping the product costs more than the product itself at the moment. Does anyone know if I have to convert? I put australia in and it came up as $52. Is this US dollars and I have to convert or AUS dollar? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Joseph Well, you could be like Joshua and permanently mark your butt with a large image portraying a Greenshirt chewing on the head of a Blueshirt. When I saw the notification for this project on youtube, I blew my sphincter. Is there any way I can repay you gods for your gift unto mankind? I am not above degrading myself. look straight ahead when you play. You look down, you fall...you're gonna have a bad time. Woo hoo, over $1 million! Aaaand one million mark hit! $1,000,000 Does the wood box hold 2 decks? Did you guys put November as the estimated date for a fail safe? Will we most likely receive the game much earlier? SMEG! . . . Take your eye off the screen for a moment (or go for a poo) and two new pledge tiers appear and immediately get snapped up. I hope there are more like that. ^_^ The postage to the UK isn't that high! I've spent more shipping stuff around the UK before, never mind getting it from the States! Yes Exploding Kittens and other similar projects were cheaper, but they also had a lot less cards. Someone on Facebook posted a neat little ice sculpture, so if it counts that's one achievement down. I'm trapped in the midwest so I can't do snowmen or scuba diving, unfortunately. Also you don't have to pay import taxes and VAT in most EU countries on values under ~50 bucks. @Vasilis +1 I'd love to get the game but 49$ with shipping to Germany is too high. Alt-2 player version. Deck plays, judge plays. Other player plays a card face-down. Deck adds 2 more face-down cards to the punchline pile. Judge picks best answer. Requires honesty, so you could probably add 3 simple tokens `R, L, C' and the 2nd player organizes the face down cards outside of the view of the judge, then puts a token in his hand corresponding to his choice, revealing after the judge chooses. (this could be played co-op as well - as a team you have 7 turns to get 4 right answers or you loose). Suggested 2-player version (take at will). Deck plays, judge plays. Then the Judge plays 1 punchline card, the other player plays 2 punchine cards. Take snapshot of layout. Tweet out with a hashtag that is known (#Imtherealjudge). First reply chooses the winner (or first answer to get 2 votes). You've got enough players, you can probably build a community that makes this totally work... (judge is only 1 of the 3 punchlines, because they had the advantage of picking the opener as well). Just a thought. Great campaign folks! Please, you have to work out a solution concerning high shipping fees in the EU. Let's take for example a Kickstarter board game that just launched today (I am not advertising it just using it as an example). The expected size of the box seems to be fairly large, and the weight of the game heavy (5.5 lbs. / 2.5 kg ). They managed to offer EU-friendly shipping (shipped from inside of EU). Total shipping cost to West-EU countries is just 9$. (shipping to US is 4$) If they can offer those shipping prices from THE BEGINNING of their project (their funding goal is $18,500, currently have only 32 backers), I assume that you can also achieve something similar even at a later stage of the project, since your project almost reached 1 million & 21,235 backers. It is just pure logistics, shipping a huge number of the boxes together to EU, and then arrange distribution to each country individually from within the EU. I am sure you can make a better deal ! (for anyone interested to check what I am saying the project is called “Game of energy”) Ship a couple of those prototypes down to your buddies in Austin?? Eh? Eh? ;-) So I was falling asleep last night and I thought to myself "Cyanide & Flappyness" Shit. Well now I can't sleep until I make that. Enjoy. <url>´m looking forward to play this game, looks like fun! hope there comes a German language update maybe?! :-) @Rob/Kris/Dave. What will the box be made out of, if we are paying over the box alone it damn well better be made out of mahogany. @Cyanide they specified it has to be at least 20 feet deep, so yes it needs to be real One down, six to go! <url>"Can we" is a QUESTION. The statement is "We can". Francis was not saying that we can design our own cards. He was asking whether we could. @Francis what?! how do you know? For the next level can we design our own cards for an exclusive kickstarter booster pack. And you guys pick the best one :) Was kinda hoping for more than just 10 cards... Especially how much we raised already. I'll just sit back and watch until the reward equals the effort. Will the card size support any standard card sleeves, like the FFG square sleeves for example? If so, will the packaging box be prepared to hold the cards sleeved? (So many games fail at that point, not being prepared that most gamers like to keep the cards in good condition over several hundred replays) Everyone gets a dead house house plant at 1,000,000. in the new update, they said something would be released or would happen when it passes the 1,000,000 dollar mark...wonder what it is. @T.J Brumfield - I know I'm just kidding I think its amazing that they are getting so much support and I cant wait till my game arrives @MC_Man165 - For each new backer, they still have to produce a physical copy and ship it to you. It isn't like the creators are getting 1 million in their pocket. You're saying a company should stop selling a product that people want, and people should not buy something they want because you think an arbitrary sales figure is too high? @mc_man165 exploading kittens is a card game and they made a few million dollars Ok people stop we do not need a card game to get 1 million dollars. XD @Joshua Hric - Free print and play is actually fairly standard in Kickstarter games. It costs money to print the cards. CAH has had free print-and-play since day 1, and that has never hurt their sales. Many people won't back a game until they can look at the cards and rules. Honestly, if we mobilize, this level isn't as tough as stage 2. 15,000 of goal. This can happen before the campaign ends, but we want to finish the water level quickly to move onto other stretch goals. Let's assume for a moment this isn't one of the 7 we hit. C&H character at the bottom of the ocean. Does anywhere on the ocean floor count? Can't someone on the coast go six feet deep from the beach and be on the ocean floor? C&H themed video game mod. Honestly this shouldn't be that difficult given how many video games have mod tools right now. The simplest solution is to take Skyrim and then create two NPCs who sit and talk to each other, cycling through C&H dialogue. 100 people showing a C&H comic to a fish. Do we have 100 backers with pet fish? This might be a little tougher, but people could also go to aquariums, zoos, or seafood places with fish on display. One C&H ice sculpture. This is beyond my artistic means, but I assume this isn't as crazy as a tattoo. 10 videos of people sharing the same pair of pants. Go to a Walmart and buy the largest and cheapest elastic sweat pants you can find. Thrift Stores might also work. 20 photos of people cosplaying as a C&H character that isn't a convention. The various super hero characters come to mind. They often have a simple, generic symbol on a colored shirt. Wear it to Walmart. Done and done. 20 C&H snowmen. Most of the snow just melted here in Omaha, but this isn't that crazy. 100 Tinder matches. This is hard to say how difficult this will be to achieve. But the seven above are feasible, so we don't have to hit this. Twitter and Facebook followers. With 20,000+ backers, 5,000 Twitter followers shouldn't be tough. 25,000 Facebook fans will be tougher. But we don't have to hit this since we only need 7 out of 10. @Francis Phan That would be a bad idea, as is. The issue is that people would torrent the PDF, or whatever file form it is stored at, and then people would stop backing the product. They could created a link to a website that authenticated an unique key provided with your purchase, and you could print out the cards instead of downloading them. if level 3 is achieved, will the free printable version be released before the actual product ships? wow...level 3 is gonna be hard.... @Tristan - That isn't a bad 2 player variant. It reminds me a bit of Dixit. Another option for two players is Rando Cardrissian. Players take turns being the judge. The other player picks one card from their hand for the punchline, and a random card off the top of the deck and mixes them up. The judge then picks between the two. Each player is competing against Rando. Yeah. Bad feeling? That one would be a freebie considering how things are going. Lvl 3... Are you fucking kidding me? @Luke Considering the total we have already, I think we would survive. @Adal I have an idea...might not work but whatever... So basically every round, the two people switch off being judge. The format is the same for the first two cards. Then, the other person (not the judge) puts down three cards that he chooses. He secretly chooses one that he thinks that the judge will pick as the winner. If he guesses that card correctly, he wins a point, if the judge chooses one of the other two cards, then no point. They switch off until someone reaches five or ten points. @Luke I have a bad feeling that you may be right. I really hope level 3 is easier than level 2 was. I also hope the reward is more kickstarter exclusive stuff :3 Have there been any comments on a 2-player game mode? I get a bad feeling that $1000000 is going to be a part of level 3 I never understand why Kickstarters like this (especially big ones) aren't largely planned out well in advance. Even if you want to adjust to community feedback during the KS, they've had the past 5 days to get ready for the next round and adjust to feedback. I fully expected to see the new stretch goals posted this morning. @jim- thanks! I did miss that! @Joaquin: Apparently you missed the last line of Update 8 which announced the completion of Stretch Goal 2 and stated: "Did you get thirsty in the sands of Desert land? Be careful what you wish for. Level 3 is coming soon." None of the stretch goals have been posted right away (first one was not in place when the project first went live, second one was not announced at the time the first was completed.) I sense that this trend will continue. So... Did I miss something? Where is the new stretch goal? Let's hope that the next level is a bit easier, and a bit more rewarding Just backed this with a friend to split the shipping. I hope you reach out to other kickstarter to see how they did the shipping because i think a better deal can be had. Anyway good luck with the project! @Sylvian Ethier, well, that is true, but i live in the USA and i bought the 35 dollar box and for 340 cards and maybe even more that's pretty good. no shipping for me. WE MADE IT 2 Backers lyft! Awesome�� only 25 backers left till the next set of stretch goals @CnH: +1 on the postal costs. $42 for shipping is way over the top. It didn't stop me backing because I think it's a cool product and you guys deserve our support, but perhaps now you have 20000 backers you could get a better postal deal. @Tristan : This is what I am afraid of. People back the project because it is an exciting one. But closer we got to the end people start asking themselves... Whoa... wait a minute... Am I gonna pay 70$ for a card game ? Then people back off. Hope the creators don't let this situation happen ! @Fiachra Indeed! Shipping is way too high compared to similar projects. This keeps me from backing this project. Please try to figure sth out with EU distributors e.g... I really want to have this awesome game but not for nearly +100% shipping fees Whoever is handling the shipping is totally screwing you, or more precisely, your backers. 150 backers left... @Monique Kemp, If the difficulty curve stays the same as between one and two, probably not that many more...hopefully they will tone it down a bit, especially considering this kickstarter will have raised well over a million by the time it is over. So, does anyone know how many levels there are going to be in the stretch goals? Looks like we've almost got level two complete. Awesome :) @SilverChiren gotcha 274 backers left.... Do you guys at c&h see how much power you have over us lol this is crazy....i love it Tattoo guy FTW So we're 6/7 for the stretch goals? Just need 400 backers or 1800 Twitter followers. Congrats to the guy who got the tatoo, that was very brave of him!!! :D @Tristan They're all sleeping off hangovers at the moment. Also they gotta get Blueshirt out of jail again. Give them time, bro. I'm so excited....when are the gonna post the updates for the stretch goals of the tattoo and the el bizarros? Trying to decide wether to get wood box or not...would it fit the extra deck as well or is that deck for gifting? @GhostTom I hear tell we have El Reverso done too, and only 485 backers to go! Desert Land is in the bag! Tattoo-guy has taken one for the team. HOLY CRAP, someone got the Tattoo! <url>"hate" you're referring to is purely in the way the campaign is being run. @Christian Greuning - While I agree the shipping is unnecessarily high, this campaign IS EU friendly. All EU friendly refers to is that the game ships from within the EU so backers aren't charged VAT or anything. @Blake It generally takes them a while to update stretch goal graphics. They should have it marked before morning. I'm amused by the amount of hate here for C&H. Clearly they were not ready for this KickStarter and they improvised ... Not that hard to take people concern and clearly state that your heard them and saying you will look into it. Customer service 101. At somepoint they will have to stop their arrogance or show there vulnerability. Admitting will make me willing to forgive a lot ! I've seen 50 videos on Facebook already of the El Reverso so that goal is done and they either haven't updated it or haven't counted it because they don't want to pony up the free stuff. But for all purposes that just leaves 7 more people doing band songs or a handful of us following them on Twitter. No reason it can't be taken care of today! We have 4 achievements down and need 3 more. We may hit 20,000 backers today, so we'd only need 2 more out of this list: 20,000 Backers 5,000 Twitter followers 10 videos of bands playing the C&H theme 50 videos of people saying Joking Hazard backards 25,000 Facebook fans Joking Hazard Tattoo The tattoo is a stretch. 25,000 Facebook fans are unlikely. So we need to get people to follow on Twitter and work on the videos. I think we can knock this out today. @Bayley - Most card/board games I backed on KS ended up shipping late due to various delays with printers and such. However, this is being printed by the same company that does CAH and Exploding Kittens. Those guys always seem to ship on time. I'd say this is likely to ship on time, but nothing is guaranteed. The stretch goals are proper shit. Can't say I'm liking the stretch goal system. Promoting your game is your job, not ours. Currently sitting at 90 times the original goal and sure to go far beyond. Considering this and the absurd shipping to Canada, might just have to withdraw from this. Nice to see. But why not make it EU friendly and use ShipNaked or anyone similar as your fulfillment partner? :( So pricey shipping Hello! So for Hong Kong, I choose China as the shipping destination? Is November the definite date were getting our cards 2961/5000 on twitter. C'mon, lets knock this out! <url>"customers" because of this (which is a shame for this nice project). They clearly looked at how Exploding Kittens managed their kickstarter, but because of the shipping, there is no way they will come close to that project. For that money I am paying now I can buy a bigboxed boardgame and I will have money to spare or I can buy 2 cardgames and have money to spare. I don't mind paying a bit extra for helping a project like this comming to life (I know kickstarter isn't a store), but I think it is normal people complain when the shipping cost is 100 or 80% (depending of only the base d*ck or the add)on as well) of the price of the pledge itself. So how many cards will the regular/wooden box hold in total? Read the FAQ for shipping? Hmm they argument might work for countries that have import duties. Australia has no import duties for goods less than $1000AUD. So that means shipping for me is $17! A bit expensive for what it is. For those of you defending the shipping prices, pull your head out. Silly sheeple, it's almost sad watching them drown in their own naivety. While I like the originality of the stretch goals, I have to agree with prior posts, I think they need improving. For those of you complaining about shipping prices: Read the freaking FAQ! The average backer is spending over $45 right now. We're going to hit $920,000 just to hit the 20,000 backers for one of the seven steps for the second stretch goal. original goal got smashed 85 times....but only 1 stretch goal achieved so far....:( Oh and say this on video! GNIKOJ DRAZAH Already following, liking sharing everything! 18,000 backers but only 2,600 Twitter followers? Come on, guys, this is an easy achievement to beat to unlock the next set of awards! $52.00 U.S. (35$ game, 17$ shipping) is too much for this game for me; that's like $4,000,000.00 Canadian Pesos at the moment. (Actually $72.28 + add a little extra to account for "Kickstarter exchange rate" ploughing in there). Guess I'll wait for retail & save my KS dollars for more innovative and better valued projects. . Enjoy the rest of the campaign folks! I'm going to go spend that 72$ on a Starbucks coffee now!! @Sylvain, just check the card count and components in Evolution: Climate and they are charging roughly 1/2 the shipping fees of this KS. . @JurassicMatt & Erik; at first Evolution: Climate was asking 17 or 20$, and after a fair bit of backers voicing their concerns and opinions about the high cost of shipping they were able to source out a better deal and cut their shipping in 1/2 basically. They also credited being able to get this better deal based on the amount of backers their game had received... i.e.: more backers makes it much easier for the developers to get better rates. So once shipping is set doesn't mean it's a fixed price. If the creators/publishers are listening/care they can make adjustments after the fact. Let's be honest with each other, based on how well this KS has done, C&H is going to get a much better deal on shipping than they are offering here. So may as well say they game is 40$ not 25$. However you shake it out, we each decide if we see enough value in it and choose to back it or not... it is just a game (toy) after all and if you can afford and want it enough you'll pay. I'm on the fence, leaning towards putting my money somewhere else and waiting for retail. But yeah I've got time to decide. @Erik : They have the right to overcharge we have the right to complain. If after 50post they don't react maybe they will after 100... if not may be after 200... After 500 all the backers will understand they have the last laugh but backers we know the support creator who don't care about their fans ! Why you want us to stop complaining ? In life you fight until the end otherwise you will never get anything. You should apply that in your life ! @Erik: haha, I like your avatar image. @Erik, sure they have $800 K plus, but I'm sure they planned on doing much more than that. Obviously the campaign has a ways to go yet, but I don't see any way this game reaches the $8 million+ that Exploding Kittens raised. And the sad part is that it very well could have had the creators here done their research. The fan base of Cyanide & Happiness is huge. There are many aspects of this campaign that are seriously lacking and just show that not enough research was done into how truly excellent board gaming Kickstarters are run. This campaign is a joke compared to things like Scythe. But oh well, nothing we can do about it now. Even if they wanted to change the shipping prices they wouldn't be able to, as that is all locked in once the pledge levels are set. It's just a shame for them as they're probably losing out on potentially millions of dollars of revenue. Even just adding a PnP option would make this campaign better and get them a lot more money for basically zero effort. Ok you guys we get it you don't like the shipping. it can't be helped they get the last laugh anyway with the $800,000+. so if your a fan and wanna support but don't want to pay shipping just give a dollar and buy the game later its getting made ether way now. After the 50+ comments they didn't back down and won't even if you post 100+ more so relax. @Major Rager : I feel the same. It was not a kickstarter but I got Robinson Crusoe cursed island... for 70$. Box is huge full of component with a rich and complex game play... I really like Cyanide comics and humors but Jesus... how can I justify paying more for a card game with a simple mechanic... Right and left part of my brain are battling hard on this KS That all said I got ploughed even harder with shipping costs backing Secret Hitler, so that game softened me up a little for this one. I'm still tempted to back this game because I do enjoy the humor. But the campaign is being a bit poorly managed and the product is overpriced when compared to many others (especially taking shipping into consideration). So will I be a naïve fanboy and overpay now so I can haz it now or will I save money on retail later? Either way this KS will do well. I feel like for 80 time the goal we should have some normal $$$ based stretch goals. Thar money should easily lock us In some expansion pack now and more info on continued support of future expansion packs. @ Ghost of Tom. They probably can not get free shipping for the US anywhere else and I can imagine it won't be a good idea to change that. I would be pissed as well if I was living in the US and there was some shipping added after some other people complained about their shipping. It will even out and if the VAT and import costs are not comming back to the European users it will be ok (but I still think there is a possibility there will be extra costs, I don't trust the customs of my country anyway). We will see. I hope they have a good campaign. I love seeing a campaign doing well. @Mette: ah, didn't realise Exploding Kittens used the same stretch goal technique. *takes back kudos* The postage thing is a shame, but like a slippery politician, if they backtrack now, they will look weak-willed and have caved in to community-pressure. Maybe they don't want more money, anyway. After all, mo' money, mo' problems :) What is the card thickness and size? Are there sleeves out there that would fit these? Also, it is possible Exploding Kittens copied it from an other kickstarter project. I saw it there first anyway. Also I know I have been negative here, but I really like the kickstarter and I just think they would have a change on a lot more backers is they had evened out the shipping as I think a lot of people see the cost and then just don't back (I know I have thought about that). They have the amount of fans to be able to be much closes to the exploding kittens kickstarter then they are right now and I think it is because of the shipping cost and because they don't ship to everywhere in the world and it's a shame that a shipping company can have this much of an influence on the money they will make on their product. @ Ghost of Tom: It is not inventive at all, it is a straight rip-off from Exploding Kittens :) (just like the whole camplaign). Which does not mean I think it is bad they did this (like I said before, if you copy, copy from the best), but it is a fact that it is weird we have blown the pledge goal out of the watter (which they knew would happen, just like the Oatmeal knew it would happen) and have no real advantages yet. But it doesn't feel right not to complain. I think the method of unlocking stretch goals is really inventive by the way. Massive kudos for that. Explosm are not obligated to make any stretch goals at all, so I'm not sure we should be complaining about that. @Blake Curry: if you are in the US, you won't see any shipping costs. What exactly constitutes a Joking Hazard tattoo? Would standard C&H tattoo count right now, or does it specifically have to say Joking Hazard? Where do you see the shipping costs anyway? Either way I'm a big CAH fan and this looks like a fun spin on it so I'm down. If I were to order 3 decks, how much would that be? (Including shipping to Canada). Thanks! I'll chime in with the overly excessive shipping here. I've ordered MUCH more substantial (i.e. larger and heavier) board games from campaigns that have raised a FRACTION of what this one has, and have paid much lower shipping rates to Canada than this campaign offers. What fulfillment company are you using? I don't understand how rates can be this expensive for such a massive scale. As it currently stands you're sending out 15,000 games and there are still three weeks left - you should really consider a new fulfillment company if they are unable to negotiate better rates at this scale. I'm sure when you launched this you had plans of being on "Exploding Kittens" levels of money, but there's no way you're going to get there with these shipping prices. Also, these stretch goals are kind of a joke - we're over 800 K right now, and have only unlocked one. And the second one isn't even a KS exclusive; it will likely be in every retail copy of the game. I'll give you creativity points on the way you're unlocking them, but I feel kind of cheated right now. At the moment I'm paying $72 CAD for a game I will probably be able to buy on Amazon for $30 come Christmas time, and the only bonus I'm getting is a 10 card booster pack... Hmmm, I guess no shipping options are worse than expensive shipping options...Sorry, Rita El Khoury :/ I was ready to start throwing my money at the screen, but then no worldwide shipping... I can't even have it shipped here :( congratulations on epically smashing your campaign goal. I managed to scrape together enough to make a $25 pledge but I've also show my support by featuring your campaign on my YouTube channel, the crowdfunded. The channel is new and currently only has one video available, but we hope to change that soon. The idea behind the channel is to showcase all kinds crowd funding projects And help drive potential contributors to those with great ideas. Just like with any other crowd funding project we need your help to make our project a reality. Fortunately our project won't cost anybody a dime :-) all we're asking from you is to like, subscribe and share our channel. <url>£20 for each set of cards plus around £20 postage. I've definitely had cheaper postage on heavy motorcycle parts sent from the US without incurring customs and tax charges. But it is what it is. It's not THAT unreasonable. Maybe we are just used to getting good postage deals on kickstarters where in fact the project creator is losing out financially because of it. It is however a little jarring that apparently is costs nothing to send anything anywhere in the US. I want that kind of postal service over here! >:-O @T.J Brumfield. Cards against humanity : 30$ + 6$ shipping 550 Cards C&H : 35 + 17 290 Cards @Miiro Virtanen - I'm not sure what game you're comparing this to, but I'm assuming we'll hit at least this second stretch goal. So we're talking 290+ cards. And they're paying VAT. I think international fans are just confused how 250 cards has the same shipping cost as a 120 miniature + cards + boards + tokens game. But it is what it is, no one is forcing us to back it. JUST DO IT! Why don't you ship to Brazil? T_T @T.J. Brumfield: Shh...you'll anger the masses for pointing out the flaws in their logic. International fans: Why are you being complete assholes and charging so much for international shipping? C&H: Well, it costs a lot to ship internationally. We're also paying your VAT so you're not surprised with charges. International fans: I just read that as you hate us and have declared war on us. C&H: We're attempting to respond to criticism and want to do right by our international backers. International fans: Grab the pitchforks. @Wes: it seems that international backers have in fact been punched with resounding force in their collective d*cks. Some have been d*ck-punched harder than others ;) Is the game will be available after the kickstarter so no-US people can have access to the game at a decent price ? @Ghost of Tom 'Skairkroh' Bule: OK thanks. Hopefully international backers don't get hit too hard. Think stretch goals could do with a little adjustment. What quality cards are you using? Cheers. @Wes: US shipping free, International shipping expensive. I think. I just came into this and am seeing a lot of mentions of crazy high shipping costs, but I don't actually see any shipping cost info anywhere. I just checked my pledge manager and it shows $0 for shipping (which I assume just means it hasn't been added yet) 1) Has the shipping information been removed? 2) Was it just international shipping that was really high, or US shipping as well? I am unable to read FAQs and I'm not sure if it's been posted in the comments yet, so may I ask why the shipping costs are above the cost I believe it should be based on similar but not the same products? Woahhhh why is the shipping so high on this? I wanted this but $35 shipping and on other $25. Well least you got $1 off me just so I could comment!!!! So, dudes have raised nearly three quarters of a million dollars and we're still absolutely miles away from SG #2. I think you might need to review those targets....! @T.J. Brumfield He is comparing the shipping cost, not the full cost of the cards itself. I don't think people complain about the price of the d*ck itself. I think that is okay as well. If there really isn't going to be any extra costs involved with the import itself, I guess the shipping is ok, but still the Exploding Kittens kickstarter had much cheaper prices for shipping to where I live (15$ instead of 26$) and I think the package was bigger then the one I am going to get here as I ordered 4 boxes with cards there. @Matt Jedynak - CAH should never be the baseline for price comparison. Their cards are black and white and require no art. They print in mass on scales no other hobby board/card came can compare to. Most any other card game is more expensive because the production costs are more expensive. And I also believe they are already planning on hitting a few stretch goals. So the base game won't be 250 cards. It will be considerably more than that. Everyone, go make a twitter account if you don't have one and follow @CnHJokingHazard. They have less than 2k followers despite the 15k+ backers and we need 5k for the challenge. @SilverChiren haha that works too I will be catching a plane to the US and hiring a Cadillac to come and pick up my cards in person to save on postage costs. This game is a little expensive and shipping is bonkers, 17 to Canada, so Im just having it shipped for free to the states and make the drive over to pick it up. I mean 52$US for 310 cards, maybe 340 if stage 2 is unlocked. When CAH was only 15$ with 500 cards. I like C&H but Im seriously beginning to question the value here. I'm just wondering where in the EU/UK do you ship the games to first before distributing them? Can you please confirm that you are NOT bringing them into Europe through the Channel Islands (Jersey, Guernsey, etc.)? To those that don't understand why the shipping is so high let me explain with using the UK's VAT rate as an example and my pledge tier. The base game (x2) is $60, lets assume it costs them $12 at most to ship to the EU. This means the VAT should be calculated at 20% on $72. The VAT is therefore $14.40 and so the cost of shipping plus paying the vat is $24.40 Given that there are Kickstarter fees and credit card charges, $29 seems more or less fair. If you are getting the $200 option it is quite unfair on everyone else as the shipping for that is $35 (but the VAT & Duty are likely to be quite a lot more than $35). I do have one question though, why is shipping to Ireland for my tier $55 when shipping to the UK is only $29? Ireland and the UK share a land border and the Irish VAT rate is only 3% higher than the UK. It is so costly to ship to Ireland that I will be getting my game shipped to the UK and arranging for onward transport to Ireland for about $4.50 (delivered by courier to my door - fully insured). For stage 2: 14,826 out of 20,000 backers. Usually the first day of a KS is huge and then there is a lull until the final 2 days. It might take a while to get to 20,000 backers. 7,822 out of 25,000 likes at facebook.com/jokinghazardgame - This may be an unrealistic goal for the entire campaign. We need 7 out of 10 goals completed, so a few unrealistic goals don't kill us. 1,712 out of 5,000 Twitter followers. We're a long ways out here as well. The tattoo is a stretch (unless someone does a temporary henna tattoo). We need to step up our game. Please spread the word on social media to everyone you know! @Jonathan Yeah, everyone gets the same cards. They're not randomized packs. Does everyone get the exact same cards? I'd like as complete a set as possible. Booster pack makes me think random assortment. If they are all the same maybe a better term would be expansion pack? @Devon Or, if nobody laughs at your strip. @Creator: thanks. That is the answer I was looking for. Still a bit pricy on the shipping, but no additional VAT + customs handling (which is good). Any chance the shipping costs can come down, since we are talking about bigger volumes now? I have been looking for the shipping info everyone is talking about. I cannot find it? @Aaron or how about you take a shot if you DO laugh during a round ;p Imgur, the best free marketing by word of mouth: <url>"Why is shipping so high for my country? To avoid under-budgeting on shipping and sending our Kickstarter into a flaming death spiral, we went into agonizing detail to calculate international shipping costs to the exact dollar, including non-obvious things like import taxes, which we're paying for you. In lot of countries (and for the EU especially), you'll often pay one shipping charge and then get hit with an unexpected second fee by your local post office, because the item came from abroad. That's not the case here. We're covering those fees for you so the game can just arrive at your doorstep." @Creator: why are you only responding to 'fun' comments and not to the meriad of questions, concerns and remarks regarding high shipping costs? Turning a blind eye? If you respond to those, you'll get more backers... @Creator: why are you only responding to 'fun' comments and not to the meriad of questions, concerns and remarks regarding high shipping costs? Turning a blind eye? If you respond to those, you'll get more backers... Will the Wooden Box Reward be able to accommodate all of the possible expansions? Drinking game: At the end of each round if you didn't laugh you take a shot. I have an idea for a variant on playing! See who can make the best two-frame comic! One of goals should open up a downloadable version to print at home like Secret Hitler did, while we wait, just the base game. I wonder how well this will do compared to Exploding Kittens...($8,782,571). Damn, the shipping fee is high, $32? It better be on time and not damaged. You should have more "Cyanide and Happiness' team will do this with your box" reward. ;) Twisted comic strip Cyanide and Happiness Three Panels - Much Fun Unexpected twists Hilariously evil Explosion of laughs I don't want to wait For nine painfully long months To play with my d*ck Ein Haiku auf deutsch? Blausäure Verbindungen, Zur Glückseligkeit verdammt. ...wow, I DO suck at this :) So I posted three senseless and Censored Haiku's I just couldn't help myself. Backed this Project today Made some lame Haikus for you Punch me in the D*CK Back your Kickstarter I feel all Fuzzy inside and get a big D*ck Cancer in the A** This Game has no sense of class So I Backed it today Can you send to Thailand? I really love this game :D Two years ago, I shipped out a lot of international packages from the US. Most of them were around $6. This year, shipping the same weight to the same countries is costing upwards of $13 using the same service (USPS). Domestic is only about $2.50. I don't know how they're doing shipping, but international postage from the US is absurd. @Jared Hopps Peaceful Morning Wake That Party Was Amazing Great, My Kidney's Gone @Jared hahaha okay much better Will you be selling decks after the kickstarter and why I'd the shipping so high for Canada? The shipping cost seems a bit high. Can you please give us some details. That should have been a reward tier. "Two beers with us at hooters" Will you be spending all of your Kickstarter dollars on booze and strippers like those ant video game guys? Butthurt Europeans abound Ah, cool, thanks much! @Devon drat. Lemme retry It's really messed up Cyanide and Hapiness Surprise, it's cancer @Jenn never mind! I was wrong. @Jim explains what's going on quite well in the comments section of that update. @Jared your first like has six syllables ;p @Jenn I think level 2 is overriding level 1 Does the new level 2 stretch goal of 30 more cards include the 10 cards from level 1? If not, wouldn't it be a total of 290 cards instead of 280? Just curious. :) Love the concept, and can't wait to play the game! @Twisted: I don't think so. I see this a lot in other kickstarters too. It is easy to miss interesting projects and people often point out other projects they find interesting for one or another reason - which I did here. Also, looking at the backer count and the total I do not think this C&H kickstarter will get into hefty trouble because I put a link to another kickstarter in the comments... Cyanide and hapiness themed haiku It is really messed up Cyanide and Hapiness Surprise, it's cancer @seeraubert Linking another kickstarter in the comments is kinda a d*ck thing to do Same as @David and others: I would accept to pay $30 shipping only if guaranted that I wouldn't have to pay anything more for VAT/taxes/handling fees/etc. But please check again for Switzerland, because it's not part of the EU ! Love you guys <3 ;) As @Bertram said. I'll only be backing (and with me I assume a lot of people within the EU) after confirmation of @creator that you really handle all shipping and tax costs (even then: still pricy!), that is: confirmation that you ship to my home address from WITHIN the EU. If not, I can't trust that I don't have to pay any taxes. Had Kickstarter projects before that shipped from the US and they THOUGHT they paid all the taxes (which they can't), which ended up with me paying pricy shipping PLUS customs handling and taxes after all. So shipping from the US won't work for me. Hmmm... I guess your strategy of ZERO shipping cost for the United States and mid to insanely HIGH shipping cost for the rest of the world paid off. $459,472 and going up. In a way you probably did the correct thing and I am happy for your success. Congratulations! And btw, since you say in your FAQ, that you pay all the taxes beforehand and none of the backers in the EU will have to pay any handling or customs fee, you should really put one of these "EU friendly" stickers/logos somewhere on your kickstarter page. And also state that you do ship games for EU backers from within the EU (because as far as I know this is the only way to actually achieve that - but of course I may be wrong). Still, I guess I will just back Evolution: Climate (<url>"Black From The Past." @cyanide and happiness why don't you guys check out ideaspatcher for distribution. They do alot for board games kickstarters Congrats on beating Level 1, you glorious bastards! I really hope there is a depressing comic week booster pack. Cyanide & Happiness in a card game? YESSSSS! In your face, life! (ノಠ ∩ಠ)ノ彡( \o°o)\ What size and card quality are you using please? Also, considering the shipping price, will my d*ck be double wrapped for protection? Added my comic to Trump - can't wait to see what the next level will bring! Looking at the FB page, I'm pretty sure we've got to have hit a couple more achievements by now. I can't wait to see the next stretch goal level! Woop backed for $25 ($40 with postage). Looking forward to getting my paws on this! Same here, I really hope you manage to lower the shipping price, $25 for the deck $24 for EU shipping is really high compare to the other games available on kickstarter... but maybe these are some really large metal platted cards who knows;) @Aussie Jess, It says the date under each pledge tier. Nov 2016. I'm with others here. Shipping is insanely high... You should take the extra money (strech goal) to consider lowering down the shipping. With the conversion Can (which is the cheapest international)-USD the game will cost me 72$ (for CARDS !!!) I want two d*cks in my hands right meow. With these shipping costs to the EU (Netherlands) I won't back. They are too much. And I've heard campaigns before say they did all the tax stuff. But you can't. I'll still have to pay the VAT + handling for importing the stuff. Better option would be if you ship from within the EU. That is what Exploding Kittens did. Ship a container (or part of it) to the UK or another country and distribute from there. No VAT and import hassle for the backers. With the volume of backers you'll have that will be a viable solution. The shipping costs should be lower that way as well. So please, reconsider your shipping costs and lower the price. I don't want to pay $35 for a game plus $23 shipping plus $15 handling plus $10 VAT... *to add - inclusive of Boosters. Looking at several potential and makes sense to combine if we can What would the incremental costs of shipping be if buying more than one pack? Are all costs inclusive of taxes due on receipt? (UK) Djeeeez these shipping costs are over the top! Hi @cynaideandhappiness. Can you please advise me of the estimated arrival date of this game? Thanks for you help, Jess :) So what you're saying about shipping internationally is that we prepay all costs to you, and we won't be charged with more customs charges or VAT upon delivery? @Michael Auzinger It seems that the main deck has 250 cards, so it will be bigger then a standard deck of cards (and I understand why it is more then 10$). But the exploding kittens kickstarter shipped me 4 boxes (which are not that small either) for 15$ (apperently it was shipped by blackbox, I found an email from them). If none of the European people have to pay import taxes on these decks, I guess you just pay the taxes beforehand to the shipping company and I guess that makes sense, but I did not have to pay taxes for the exploding kittens decks (but maybe I was just lucky). +1 for a PNP version ! $32 shipping for a $35 game, that's too much for me.. Great project, but the shipping costs are WAY too high, I backed a lot of projects and it seems 10$ shipping from USA to europe for a deck of cards is definitely possible! @Ace - Hell, have the CAH guys handle the printing of it. Is it possible to have a PNP file pledge so that for those who cant get this can print and play and enjoy some craziness and fun also?? It would be awesome if its possible Considering you hit more than $200k, here's to hoping the cards will not be a cheap paper or plasctic-ky sticky ones. Maybe add on some stretch goals. I suggest a water-proof, tear-proof and bullet-proof cards, if they exists. Hahaha I'd love to buy a two pack, since they'll be ready around the Holidays. One for me and one for my family. Is there an option to ship separately? Or are you fairly certain November is the timeframe so I'd have ample time to mail the other? After seeing the FAQ about shipping costs, I was expecting the shipping to Australia to be obscene (considering what I paid on another Kickstarter), but it's actually quite reasonable. :) Can there be a reward level with like a Joking Hazard Tshirt and a game? Id love to wear a Joking shirt as i play the game. I know that tier would find well :) Is there going to be nudity? If so, are the cards non stick? I thought Switzerland was just a ski resort. @Cyanide And Happiness: "We calculated all international shipping in extreme detail, factoring in everything from the weight of the game to each country's import taxes." So you do ship the games to the EU from within the EU? Because otherwise I will have to pay tax no matter what you calculated. Would like to buy 1 game too, but you don't ship to Switzerland.. Why ? I mean, you can deliver to all surrounding countries (France, Germany, Austria, Italy) but not in the middle of these :S And yeah, shipping is waaaaaay too expensive ! Are you kidding? $32 to ship to Ireland? Yet $18 to the UK right next door? I clicked on the $35 pledge level and switched to $1 as soon as saw the shipping costs. Then we can expect to pay 23% import tax on that. $32 shipping for a $35 deck of cards is taking the piss. You need to sort out an EU shipping hub. Steigmeyer, the guy behind Scythe and Tuscany has a great guide complete with contacts specifically for people to make their Kickstarters EU and Australian friendly. <url>"day one expansions"... just saying... Anyway we can make this happen sooner than November? This game looks amazing :D anyone good at making a wiki page? Also, @Brett what if they just ship the game to you normally, you get riled up, complaining that they have bad customer service by not providing bad customer service, and then get caught up in a bad customer service paradox? so are the achievements a group/ community type thing or do we all have to do it to get the extra cards? @Brett look again- it's not "The Last", it's "The only" This reminds me a bit of "Five Card Nancy". Not a dig, just another cool idea for a game that has seen little use. Would have been hilarious to get the match.com profile reward considering I worked there for 7 years... but I'm sure my girlfriend would not approve. Can't wait to get the game. @Brady - I agree. Would have preferred that they made it as a single set with the according box to fit it all. It looks like they're just looking to match how Cards Against Humanity works... just at half as many cards at the price points. Though that's understandable considering color comic cards vs black and white text. Whatever the cast, just consider it as a $35 game. Day 0 Expansions? seems kinda lame to me to not simply include it in the game. expansions are suppose to come out after a game is out....not months before it even is created. I feel many people feel this way about video game DLC, i personally don't see any difference in game board format. especially when it's an extra cards expansion that doesn't have any additional game phase or game rule added. just extra cards with same game mechanics......but that is just my opinion. Is there any possobility of the wooden box tier but with only one deck? I only have use for one deck and the other one is just driving up the price of the whole tier @Brett yes yes, let the hate flow through you *insert evil laugh here* @Brett, you'll have to do your part too though, and complain about the plant. I sent an email pitching this idea right when rcg was launched and never got an answer, which was kind of a bummer. But I backed you guys anyways because this is going to be so much more AWESOME than cards against humanity! I will be downright outraged if i don't recieve my dead house plant and passive aggressive letter I got the last bad customer service tier Hey Explosm.net Backed the project. This is an amazing project and I'm fully on board. But is the shipping really going to cost that much? Seems a bit steep, especially as I've been bitten by this before. I backed Exploding Kittens for a similar fee and it's now on Amazon UK for £16. My only regret in life is not seeing this fast enough to get the Bad Customer Service tier. I love how you guys are genuinely surprised how quick this got funded. Hope you guys have a lot of stretch goals planned cause this project is probably gonna hit a couple million at minimum. Mmmm box would be nice but so many extra D*cks driving up the price :( This is amazing, congrats to C&H So who backed the "Bad Customer Service" tier? Because I want live updates as that occurs. @andrew because shipping cross border is always crap :( been dealing with it for years. Cards Against Humanity meets Cyanide and Happiness. Classy! Can this be played with just 3 players? I have been a fan since Newgrounds I am a huge fan and I own all your books. I can't wait to play this game you guys are great. I am in balls deep to your card game ;) love you guys for a long time and backing you guys up because of it. but why is shipping to canada the same price as shipping to australia? we seems to be getting the short stick in shipping prices as you can probably just throw it across the border and it'll be at my front door there, i liked it, you media **** (i love you so much!!!) But yeah, can't wait to see the stretch goals! @Cyanide And Happiness: Is there any chance shipping to europe will get cheaper? 35$ pledge + 26$ shipping is pretty tough.. Seriously. Am waiting for a update that'll show like 20 something stretch goals we can bust through! Better break out those stretch goals Damn! Quintupled the goal in under 90 minutes! Where the hell are the stretch goals? So when do we see those stretch goals? You guys are way over your goal already! I can't wait to get this. I just got $40 yesterday and was planning to spend it on food. Found something better than food! I think. What am I talking about? Of course it is. why to make me give up my ban on backing projects! DESTROY THE ANGRY KITTENS! Well, that was backed pretty fast... :D Can't wait for this also first time pledging whilst pooping. Damn, I totally would have done one of the $100 tiers but they were all gone. But still super stoked! I'm just hoping that unlike Cards against Humanity, you aren't often found in situations where your cards just flat out suck to what is presented. Judging by what I see here, I don't think that situation will happen as much. Plus, I like visuals more then just someone reading a card to me. I'm pretty pumped for this, though I'm a little sad I can't get the Bad Customer Service reward. :( Cards Against Humanity style Cyanide and Happiness? Yes plz been here since 20 backers i think I'm backer 666. This is gonna beat exploding kittens... Been here since 3k. How bout you guys? Back without even blinking or thinking about it. You guys make me laugh more than anybody else. I hope there is a purple shirted eye stabber trump card. I can't wait to play this. Nice, doubled up already. Where dem stretch goals STRETCH GOALS! STRETCH GOALS! STRETCH GOALS! EVERYBODY! That didn't take long. Is anyone surprised? :p Only like 15 mins after posting they made their goal. TIME FOR STRETCH GOALS Bruh I'm in Dallas can I pick my copy up by hand? $32 shipping to Norway... Woooah, can't make it cheeper for the $35 pledge? Well that was quick, holy shit! Get that first stretch goal outta here! I'm in on this. Not sure if they are "friends" with The Oatmeal but that audience seems like the types that would like this project as well. Funded in minutes! What else did we expect? :P wow... they are almost at their goal already Omg I hopped on board the minute after watching the video. Bring it on! This game is gonna be great. :D Can't wait. My 2 year old daughter loves your youtube channel.....#badparentingskills Getting help on my resume, yay.