Let me know what I'm allowed to make money doing, without the mark of melanin upon my skin, or in my forehead as melatonin that controls gender. Idiots. Soonsin, what am I allowed to lie about? Eat a dirt sandwich, Joebob. I made it clear that the budget was spent already, and I even put in hundred of dollars of my own money to get copies to some of my backers. Had Candy Realms been successful, then I would have felt motivated to use the profit to fulfill this stupid Kickstarter. But that didn't happen, so neither is my ability to give a crap. If you want the game, I have copies for sale on my Facebook page. It has been a little over 9 years since funding. Maybe we can have a party for the 10th anniversary next August 18th. All of the backers can come together and make a print in play game in honor. Nothing of what you just said would ever have me give you money again. This was one of my first backed kickstarter games and here it haunts me. The failed promises, the lies, it just goes on and on. Trust me, I know you don't care. It is so self-evident. Please do not try to rip anyone else off in the future. Well it’s been nearly 8 years now and I still haven’t received anything in spite of many promises. $70 down the drain I guess. @Dr. Brian Moore are you giving us hope of seeing our copy of the game? I did receive a copy of the game. Still unsure how to play it but I have been less motivated to learn it with a busier schedule. If someone in here really wanted to see it I might consider parting with it. I believe there are no more hopes .I would have preferred to have bad news rather than this silence. Any news or updates on the game? I would be happy just getting an update that we are not getting the game. It was a fever dream and just was never meant to be. I've already accepted this but it would be nice closure for what was one of the first Kickstarters I'd ever backed. The Katalyka Universe has burned out and collapsed upon itself. My News years Check-in. Still no Planetary Movement in the realms of Katalyka Universe... Almost going 6 months of nothing now In 11 days it will have been two months of nothing. Molly, whats up? Molly.... Still waiting... Please send. Hey just checking if you've sent mine out yet Thanks for the update, Molly! Keep 'em coming when you get the chance. Happy holidays! Brian, when you get a chance to open your box, I'd love to see some pictures. Just received a package from Molly today. I have a decent sized box inside of it. I haven't gotten a chance to open it all up and look at the components but Katalyka is finally here. Way to keep true to your promises Molly. Just wondering if there is any update? Nobody seems to have posted on here since the new year started (although there was an update from Molly in April) and I hope there is still a chance we will get a game. And then? Maybe a friendly message on Facebook will get a reply. To all my lost fellow supporters lost in the void of the Katalyka universe: I have an idea for the 85 of us, who are trapped in this sphere of lost consciousness... aka lost money... Perhaps we should all create a Kickstarter campaign for a random game entitled "Katalyka Refundamouses", and put a funding goal of exactly what we paid for this campaign, plus any Kickstarter fees. Then we plead with the fine honest mentally stable folks using this medium (KS) to do right upon others, and hopefully recoup our lost metal capacities that this campaign has inevitably caused us all... I feel a certain bond with you all... see you in the stratosphere. Mark Hey Brian, I am from overseas so I am not sure if that is feasible, what about small claims court? This project went from hiatus to "oh just printer problems" to "I printed them" to another hiatus with pretty much no updates. I am also pretty much done with this. So let me know how I can help you in this regard. I wonder if we could Justify a class action suit. There is precedent. See the link I added a few comments below. Steve have you been reading the posts? Molly - can you give us a little more specific timeline on this? <url>#14. The sun is keeping us from getting the game, sigh. Any new words on the progress? Pushing a year since the close of the project. Thanks And now it's three months. I'm guessing things aren't going well with the printers since you have time to post long entries in your journal on porkshanks.deviantart.com almost weekly, but we don't get even a short update for months at a stretch. And it's been 2 months...again...since the last update. Any word on progress? Since it's been over 2 months since the last update, it would be nice to get another one... "If Happy Fun Ball begins to smoke, get away immediately. Seek shelter and cover head." :D !! Wow, we made it! Just posted this on BGG. Hopefully some love will find its way here: <url>