Hi Gijs, Is there a problem? Thanks, Richard Hi Mark, Your package shipped out in October. I am going to send you an email now. Thanks, Jay Hi Paul, The office is closed today so we will have to get you a tracking number tomorrow but yours was shipped out on October 16th. Richard Hey Bart, I put up the beta up yesterday. It's available here: <url>"[your email server] is not a compatible email server", just send Knut's account a random garbage email and the problem will go away. We discovered this bug a few days ago and we have a firmware update to fix it permanently, but the garbage email trick works just as well. Richard Posted windows app at: <url>"Knut Setup" or are you having trouble getting Knut connected to your home network? Haven't gotten much done on Android this week but I am going to restart work on it next week. Richard Hi Mike, We will be putting up forums over the weekend and I will correct that link in the App Store. We've been bogged down shipping out boxes that I haven't had time yet to work on the website. Thanks, Richard Patrick, one more thing. According to the backer report, you only purchased a single Knut. And not additional sensors. Is there any other sensor you would like to purchase? We can take care of that through the Pre-Order shopping cart. Thank you, Jay Patrick, That's really strange. You should have received #016. The serial is located right above the battery compartment on the outside of the case. Can you take a second look to make sure it's not on there? Jay Hi Chris, You only purchased Knut with no other sensors. You can purchase additional sensors from our pre-order shopping cart at <url>"send ifttt any email" trigger works flawlessly and immediately (1-2 seconds). We are using this right now with a little red plastic fan and a belkin wimo. We can switch the fan on and off by touching the temperature sensor. Unfortunately, the "send ifttt an email tagged" trigger don't always work. I've been working with Linden over at ifttt to get it sorted out. Thanks for the offer about helping. I'll let you know. Thanks, Richard Richard Hey Allen and Chris, We are working on a bug in some of the external sensors which are unfortunately not over the air upgradable. Currently some of the external sensors work exactly once and never report again. We could ship devices to people who did not order sensors but we still don't have the wireless modules. Actually, good news, our manufacturer just told us that the modules passed quality control and that we should be getting them soon. Getting closer, Richard Hi Jaime, A backer of both Twine and Knut dropped off one for us to play with last week. What we realized is how different the two devices are from each other. We think you will really like Knut and all the applications it can be used in. The past couple of weeks we have been very busy updating all of the software and every day it gets better and better. Thank you for your patience, we want you know that we’re making great progress Jay Nice! Thanks Mark Richard Hey Sam, We will setup a page on our website to allow for payment for international shipping. It's not up yet but I will try to get to it tomorrow. Richard Hey Chris, The breakout board enables your own custom sensors (or sensors we don't provide) to Knut. The breakout board also has a relay allowing you to control items as well. Since we don't know what sensor you are connecting, you will have to calibrate the sensor yourself based on the linear slope equation (y=mx+b). The breakout board also has a power supply on it, allowing Knut to be powered from sources like USB or your home heating system. Basically, if you like tinkering, the breakout board is a good choice. Richard Hey Tim and Chris, Sorry about not getting this stuff up yet. I had a meeting in San Francisco over the weekend and I didn't get to taking the photos before flying out. I still need to take pictures of the teeshirts before sending out the surveys and pictures of our progress before posting an update. I'm flying back tomorrow and won't be in till late in the evening so I can have both the survey and the update up on Tuesday. Sorry about the wait, Richard Hey Tim, I will take some photos and post something tomorrow. Richard Hey Greg, Currently the SD card works exactly how you described. Richard Hey Yue Hue, Our chipset manufacture promised us the full order of 802.11g chipsets at the end of September, so unfortunately we are going to have to postpone shipping till October. I will put up the surveys for the sensors next week. We have a big update coming next week. Richard Nelson, you are 100% correct. We are due for an update. I will give you a mini update to what is going on right now. As we speak Richard is in San Fran at TechCrunch presenting Knut to Disrupt2012, getting feedback and hopefully meeting some KS backers. While he is away we just got in the newest designed circuit boards that we had made for the latest hardware and hopefully last design change. (We were tesing out the newest and yet to be released to the public wifi modules from the manufacturer and had to redisgn the curcuit board for it.) And as soon as Richard gets back, we're assembling 15 test Knuts and shipping them to beta testers (Kickstarter backers like yourself that have been helping and offering advice since this project began.) We are going to use all feedback the beta testers give us to make Knut even better. At that point when we have something substantial to report on, Richard will send out a real official update. Maybe in a couple of weeks? Thank you to everyone for your patience and thank you for backing us. Any questions or comments, use this section or send us a message. We love to hear from you. Jay Hey Scott, We are working with ifttt so Knut will function with their service on release Richard Hey Andres, I will shoot you a message with a link to download a PowerPoint which details the communications method. It needs some cleaning up but it should get you going. Any backer who would like a copy of this, please send me a message and I will send you the link. Richard Ok will do. We will post it after the meet up on the 26th as it will be much more locked down by then. Richard Hey JPElectron, Currently when Knut is set up properly, Knut stops serving web pages, but you can either poll the app or the mail server directly to get the most current readings. Right now this is done because serving a webpage constantly would chew through the battery. Seeing how you will have it powered by a solar panel, you don't care so much about battery life. It's possible we could leave the web server service active when connected to external power. Were not quite ready for documentation yet as we are adding and deleting features to the protocol all the time but we will make it available when it's all buttoned up. The volts and amps alerts shouldn't be a problem. Sounds like a pretty cool setup. Richard How many watts is that solar panel!? We are now working directly with ifttt to enable Knut to turn devices on and off and do other things like update your google calendar or send a tweet so by the time we ship you will be able to do just that. Have an idea on which LED sign you would like to use? For the 32-0 Volt range you will need a 1k and a 10k resistor. I can send you an image how to hook it up if needed. What current range would you like to measure? Richard Hey Andres, We could do a current sensor clamp but we have a lot on our plate at the moment. How would you feel about having it be an extra sensor option for after we ship to backers? For the email system spec, would you like to see the spec we are currently using? It's not final and will definitely change but it would be good guidance on writing your own plug-in. Richard Hey Chris, You are correct except for alerts as they are delivered directly to the alert email address and therefor don't reside in the data email address. An alert event can still be seen though just by looking at the data. Knut can accept multiple alert email addresses if you need more than one recipient of alerts. 24 hours to go and we just broke 200% funded! Thanks backers! Happy 4th to everyone! Thanks Ken! Hey George, Yes, Knut will log the measurement of any connected sensor. You can turn off logging on a per sensor basis if you like. Richard Hey Paul, We're working on a sensor board which you can attach a pH probe using a BNC jack. It will be available after we ship to kickstarter backers. I am a little worried about the reliablity of long term pH monitoring. We use a lot of Pinpoint pH probes (which are supposedly high quality) permanently submerged in aquariums and they always seem to drift within a month or so. Anyone have any recommendations for a low cost reliable probe? Richard Hey Lynn, The Water Presence sensor is for flooded basements or situations of liquid water actually being present, not for situations where water is absorbed like a sponge or dirt. It is a digital sensor so it would report yes/no if water is present or not. it probably wouldn't work that well for plants because the plant would have to be bone dry for the sensor to say that no water was present. At that point the plant would be dead... The moisture sensor shown in Update #4 is an analog sensor, so you can see percent of moisture. This would be useful in seeing how moist soil is. I haven't found a source for these yet. It seems one of our backers has a source for them. Richard Hey Lynn, I added the dimensions to the Spec Sheet. We might give Knut a custom case which would decrease the width and height a lot, so those dimensions will be the maximum size. Richard Hi Lynn and anyone else who wants to make sensors, The front header has 5 pins: 1. Wake (forces Knut to check sensors now) 2. I2C Data / Digital 1 / Analog 1 3. I2C Clock / Digital 2 / Analog 2 / 1 Wire Data 4. VDD / +3.3vdc 5. VSS / Ground Knut has a built in 12 bit A/D. The breakout board breaks out all signals and adds clamping diodes. You would be interfacing directly with pin 2 and 3. In analog mode the input impedance is 4.7k. In digital it is a direct connection. In I2C mode, pins 2 and 3 are pulled up with 4.7k to VDD. In 1 Wire mode, pin 3 is pulled up with 2.2k to VDD. 1 Wire and I2C devices can be on the bus at the same time. Analog and Digital connections cannot be on the bus at the same time with I2C or 1 Wire devices. Knut can connect directly with thermistors or any RTD using the Steinhart equation for calibration. Thermocouples would need a custom board with an opamp and a zero point reference. Knut can address up to 8 I2C or 1 Wire devices at the same time. We will publish the I2C protocol that we use so you can connect an arduino, or any other custom sensor that you design. 1 Wire is a patented technology by Dallas so we cannot offer a custom protocol on that method. Richard BTW Thanks for the great comments everyone Hi Lynn, The Spec Sheet is everything below "Knut Spec Sheet". What would you like to know about the sensor interface? Richard Wow that was too easy. We will definitely support this. Knut can send alert emails based on preset moisture levels. Thanks a lot! Richard Hey Mikkel, We really like the unification of the internet of things and are all for making Knut work with ifttt. Our initial impression that it was too far off of our current model but if you think that we can integrate ifttt that easily then by all means we will support it. Send us your ideas, and we will do what we can to get them integrated. Best, Richard Hey Mosley, Were excited to get our Twine when they ship. We would love to hear comparisons. Hey Mosley, Yeah were almost there! So excited! I though initially that I had to ask all backers what sensors they would like but it seems like Kickstarter will give us a way to ask the backers when the project is funded. We will probably do another beta test after this one is complete. You will be on the list if/when we do. Uh I mean definitely Hey David, We will defiantly contact you when we need you. Hey Brantano, Yeah that would be awesome. You can do it now by buying an off the shelf motion sensor, but the motion sensor would need it's own power source. Allen, When Knut first power up, it creates a wireless network that you can connect to. Once you connect you can then directly connect to Knut using a built in setup web page (kind of like a wireless router) or you can use the interface app to configure Knut as well. I am working on a video to demonstrate the setup. Should be out soon. We made it on mashables! <url>"Send attempt timed out". Hello! Is my Knut shipped? Can you guys provide me a tracking number? Thanks My knut connects, sends the email but the light stays on..... I thought it was suppose to turn off?After it does the setup, I still can't find it via the iphone app, and it still has a knut setup network being broadcast- thoughts? Neato, I got Knut 001. Thought it was a model number. Hi Richard, thanks for fast response Hi Richard, It turns immediately bright and then goes dim in half second Hi Amperic, Got mine today, looks beautiful, not disappointed me with long waiting, but the no network named "Knut Setup" shown up in the wireless list from my iphone, mac mini, and any of the computer I have. The green light on the Knut is on, and tried several different pairs of new batteries. Any clue? Thanks "Whenever you want to force Knut to take a measurement, short Pin 1 to ground." ,,,is that the same as pressing the button on the unit? Just got mine, set was easy via web-page, working great! Just one question at this point... during setup it said "Version: KNUT v0.91" but under battery cover it says "v1.5b" am I to assume software is v0.91 and hardware is v1.5b ? P.S. Let me know when the forums are up, I'd love to help. Some questions I have after receiving the Knut: 1) Got the unit setup and its on my network. However, I have no idea how to get back in to change the settings? Dont have an ios device, so have to use the web interface. Tried to get access by going to the IP assigned to Knut by my network, but nothing. Took out batteries hoping to be able to get back at it using 196.254.1.1, but it does not start the Knut Setup WiFi. SOL. 2) When can we expect the Android app? 3) Where can I find details about the pinouts on the 8 pin header. I have no sensors and want to build my own and not fry Knut :-) Thx. Looking fwd to creating with this guy. Yes, please get a forum up for users. I got my Knut a couple of days ago and although it powers up and does broadcast its network, I have yet to connect to it and get the set up complete. What about droids? Any update on our app? Is there a support forum? Or should we use this comment section for iOS app support? Also, if I click on the "Knut Interface Support" link in iTunes, I get this message: "Knut Interface for iOS hasen't been release yet. Check back soon! " I received my knut, but it was not etched with a serial and did not come with a sensor. Just remembered you comment about the build int temp sensor, so still asking where can extra ones be purchased Hi Richard, I just received my Knut thank you so much for shipping can want to play. Although I seem to not have received any senors in the box is this a mistake ? if not where can i purchase senors Mine arrived yesterday, and after a couple of minutes, it seems to have powered off with nothing waking it up. The "Knut Setup" network doesn't appear, it hasn't spoken to the email address since last night, and the green LED doesn't illuminate even after following the full reset procedure. I've tried multiple sets of very, very fresh batteries, with no result. Any ideas? Hi - I'm curious as to what the status of my order is? Thanks! Hi Amperic! Thanks for the KNUT and taking the time to get it right! The instructions are spot on and it's easy to use. I'm almost looking forward to my water heater leaking a wave of water to get the email alert from KNUT :-). Thanks and good luck! Derek Hi Richard, thanks for the reply, I had waited past the transmission period for a fair bit when trying to get it to work but eventually after a few runs it did start working. The colors issue I'm having is that for 3 data sources, the color I assign to, for example, the onboard temp gets assigned to the probe temp on the graph, what I pick for the battery gets assigned to the onboard temp, etc. The other issue I'm having is clicking on a graph to see individual data points, I can't really see how to select one sensor over another and tapping around on the graph seems to stick to one at random (I've been testing monitoring a refrigerator with the probe) and often all I can get details on are the onboard sensor values. What are the symptoms of these failures? I received mine, fun toy but I hope the android app is more stable than the iOS one, graph colors aren't setting right and had to run through the setup several times before I could get more than one data point to log. Please ship mine also. I don't require Android support ! Tks Status? (Android-free) 10 days from your last response, is my order shipped already? Thanks Curious about the status of mine as well. Hello Amperic, Any info on my Knut? I am Android free as well. Send when you can. Thanks. Hi, I am also Android free, please also help to sent out my order, thanks I also don't mind about the missing android app and would like to be shipped. I am also android-free, if that's the reason these things aren't shipping... So the latest excuse for delay is a missing android app? I'm android-free so ship now! Any updates? I built my own solution for what I was going to use this for. But since I backed it I am sure I can find another use. When will be the next major update ? Richard you mentioned the progress of the IOS app any developments on the android app, also will any documentation be provided for the API's that knut will use to allow for other developments ? Yes, I have a need for it soon. Chip What is the status of the sensors? (in a previous update, you stated that they were 15 days behind the Knuts) When do you expect to ship the Knuts with sensors? Chip So have the boards been picked up and any progress on getting more units shipped Still waiting for the next excuse why the Knut is not delivered... Looking forward to the next update Any progress? Hay just wondering if any more units were shipped and if so was one mine ? Hello! I've moved since originally funding this project... Any way I can update my address with you guys? Thanks! Any updates on the shipping schedules? Please send the packages to Europe marked as "gifts" otherwise we must pay high amount of extra taxes and it will cause more delay. More delay and extra cost would mean loosing the last part of interest in your product. How did you go - were the 26 shipped last week? And was one of the mine? :) Any updates on the fabbing? Congrats on reaching the production stage! Looking forward to seeing this thing in action - do you have any photos of the production process? Glad to hear you guys are still moving forward and seem on the right track to eventually get the devices out of the door and in to the hands of the backers. It looks likt we'll have them less than one year after the projected date ;-) Well, getting a product actually manufactured must be quite a challenge (and the number of delayed kickstarter projects is a testament to that), but at least you are communicating openly, which I really appreciate! Good luck! Hi guys, amperic.com is currently returning a 500 error: "...that we're working furiously to correct. Things will be up and running again soon. Thanks for your patience. Also, any updates on the problem? Is it a #fail? How did the meeting with the manufacturer go any update on the final assembly ? Any updates on the boards? Is the issue fixed? *crosses fingers* Thanks for the update - interesting pics - hope the new boards fix the issues. Sounds good, can't wait to play with it - one of my friends works on <url>"won't be junk". After all this time, I'm hoping for something more like "excellent" or "amazing". visiting PCB manufacturers is just a next step. understood and very logical step. but we cannot visualize when this Knut will be shipped out. if you got 4 more steps after PCB manufacturers, tell us 4 more steps and more importantly, you think xxx months/days to finish it. End of Mar already, what your next official update? This is probably a bit late but i was just thinking what sensors come with the "Pledge $80 or more" option. I signed up for this but im not sure what i will recvive. So if everything goes well and you can start production, would you be able to estimate a delivery date? Hi guys, Any updates on when it's ready? Did your new sticker work out ok? Was great to see the unit going through testing, any progress on this e.g. issues found modifications needed to the unit. P.S cant want to get playing with this :) can you update the current status? end of January now. Hi guys, how is it going? Hey Guys! Of course I also like to have my knut soon, but I understand the need to have it thoroughly tested... so, please take your time! Also thanks a lot for adding new functions and the micro SD slot! Last but not least I wish you and your families happy holidays! Best regards, Michael I really hope they start shipping soon can not wait for it! so do you think it will be delivered sometime during january? Any info WHEN you guys are going to deliver? I'm glad you're not willing to send out a half-baked product - other similar products seem to be having all sorts of issues - and of course will be bombarded by support issues as well, as soon as their product is in the hands of consumers. Question: what have you got planned for after-launch support? I'm assuming forums and perhaps a bug tracking solution? Question2: how is ITTT support coming? I'm still happy to help out if I can :o) I know you guys plan on having the ability to update the firmware over the air so why not start shipping some units as is? Your device could not be any worse than my Twine; I tried monitoring my house temperature while I was away this weekend and unfortunately it is so unreliable it is useless. It locks up constantly and gives no remote indication when it does. Any more close to a dispatch date really cant wait for my Knut Receiving my Twine (and experiencing its limitations) has made me so much more eager for my Knut. How's your progress? Just paid for my international shipping plus a few more sensors on hi-tek electronics (order 44) Can you explain what the breakout board is needed for exactly.. I'm not sure if I need one or not. Thanks. I just filled in the survey and find that I did not pledge another $15 for international shipping. Could you advice how can I add back the shipping fee? Thanks :-) Looking forward to get the great Knut! Where are you with delivery estimates? Did survey emails go out? If so, I don't recall getting one.. Thanks 8^) Any chance of an update/progress report? Stupid question would it be possible to have knut relay the data to the phone, and write it to the memory card? I kind of figured this would be the case but thought I'd ask any way Thanks for the update. I really like how you two are tackling the problems as they arise when prototyping. Looks like this will be a real quality product when complete. These things do take time. Remember that it is better to put the time in now rather than having to deal with inherent design problems later, you'll have a better product and happier backers/customers. There is a saying that applies; The sweet taste of the low price (price, speed of release, etc.) is soon forgotten by the bitter taste of poor quality (workmanship, design, etc.) Again thanks and hang tough. Thanks for the reply! looking forward the update from your team in the coming week. When you expect the shipment of final version to none-beta backers? And for the backers choose "additional $25 per sensor", when we are going to select the additional sensor? Time for an update? Wow this is wonderful. I am so glad to be a backer. Hi Guys, I know you have a lot on your plates right now but for future consideration I am curious if there is a way to incorporate the Knut with IFTTT. I would love to pair the Knut with the Wemo for fan and heater control. Thanks loads. Scott Any updates on the protocols? This user's account has been deleted. Yeah, sure, the current clamp sensor would be nice later, no hurry, I am sure there will be a lot to play with already ;-). About the email protocol, yes, maybe you could have the spec up somewhere on a web site or wiki so we can look at it as its changing... Solar panel is 10W / 0.59A / 17.3V max, it will be connected to a solar charge controller (SunGuard SG-4), and a 12V SLA battery, that battery will also be backup power to a security camera on the same roof, then I'll use some step-down circuitry to also power the Knut. I'm not sure of the LED sign mfg. but it's one of those large 2-sided full-video displays mounted with other signage at the entrance of a strip mall, it already plays short AVI/MPG "commercials" for stores around the property, and is driven via DVI connection from a PC. That control PC has the option to include an HTML page for x seconds between commercials, so I was thinking of taking data from the Knut, and displaying it on a .asp page , layout like Time: 1:00pm Temp: 95* Humidity: 43% Windspeed: 2mph - similar to bank signs, but considerably more data. I'll wait to see if I can parse that from an email from Knut, or maybe get it via HTML directly from Knut? As an experiment/for myself, I have a BetaBrite Prism single-line LED sign it might be cool to display Knut data on, although the only interface is USB there. I know I'm jumping the gun here, so I'll assume you'll later have some documentation/wiki with all these connection methods. Besides monitoring the battery charge, if the voltage ever dropped below 11V I'd want an email. The max current I'd care to measure in this application is draw from the 12v 7ah SLA battery (so I can send an email alert of the camera is being powered by the battery or not) I had time over the weekend so I already built the "outdoor weather station" to house my Knut: <url>"Water Presence" sensor for flooded basements or for dry potted plants or for both? Thank you, thank you. What a refreshing, open and rapid response. You have won my heart and my confidence after some other Kickstarter projects have left me wanting!!! The Spec Sheet would benefit from the addition of dimensions and other standard fare but now we all have a more complete picture. What are the signal levels, impedance, resolution etc? Is Knut compliant with any standard such as thermocouples or common thermistors etc? How does the "breakout board" interface to multiple sensors? . I would like to select an additional sensor intelligently and have an idea of what else I might be able to use for my unique applications. How to access the "Spec Sheet" you refer to in the introduction? It would be helpful to understand a bit more about the sensor interface to Knut as well. Thanks for this project! I am a florist and I live 30 minutes away from my shop. When I have cooler issues after hours, I have no way of knowing it, then I come into work the next day and find everything ruined. This monitoring device will help immensely! I'm still trying to figure out how iffit never hit my radar screen. The Knut was super sick to begin with but integration with iffit opens a whole new set of brain cells - I think my head might explode:). Seriously, with that and the Belkin support to get into the physical side, there's allot more potential. I'm thrilled this is going to be successfully funded. Excellent - as far as I'm concerned, your device is now more useful than ninja blocks or twine - would be great if you did a video or two, showing ifttt and Knut in action - I'd be happy to setup some more interesting recipes if you like - contact me privately and we can discuss ideas... Ok - I've setup a recipe here: <url>"#knutwaterlow" when the moisture level drops below a preset amount. This will then create a google calendar reminder for me to water the plants. Is knut able to send such an email, based on a preset moisture value? Hi, Are you considering supporting <url>#temperaturewarning This could be used to trigger a temperature warning in itfff - if you attached a file with details, this would be linked into the trigger, and could be used as part of the trigger. I'd be happy to setup a demo for you, and help integrate, if that would help. Thoughts? Cool. BTW, I backed Twine too, so if there are comparisons needed once I get mine. . . Oh, and happy to beta test as well. . . Just upped my pledge to add a sensor - no way to tell you which one though. I guess you'll have to ask when the project is funded, yes? Less than $1000 to go! I'll help test when needed. All in. Hi, Motion sensors would be nice! How do you enter a network password Whats the major differences and the Twine project? <url>