@everyone -- I have just sent out direct contact to those that have requested a refund; please look for that if you requested a refund. As of now, there will be no further updates or communications related to the project now that it is over. Please refer to the final backer updates for closing information. Thanks all! Hi James, I should have a more detailed schedule in the next month or so. I have started to make a handful of refunds already but primarily planning out how the bulk will be made. Thanks for your patience! @bubuli - I appreciate your comments. I just added a comment to the last update with a run-down of the major development hurdles. Things were obviously progressing but the body of work remaining was still daunting. Thanks for your support with the project! @ALL -- I've posted the final update to the project: <url>#63 posted! Update #62 posted. @Riley - thanks for your snarky sarcasm! Everything is on track as per the last update with an update scheduled for tomorrow. Tooling plate is complete, carbon fiber kit is complete and I'm scheduled to pump out a first part tomorrow morning (9/27). Update hopefully will come in the evening tomorrow. Pics: <url>"angel" type loan More than likely, it will be a combination of the above. At this point I'm using the cash I have to finish development and get production going. More on all of this in the next update. Thanks everyone for your patience and support! Joe - I'm not able to answer the question at this time but have several options available to me. Thymer - Please see the message I sent you. For everyone else, here's a snippet from that message: "I'm doing my best to provide the highest quality carbon sunglasses. To that end, a plastic sub-frame will be primarily used to hold the lenses behind the carbon, support the hinge (provide enough flex) and add some protection to wearer's face. To the end, I still feel that I will be over-delivering on what I originally set out to do with the project." I know a lot of you are upset about the delays with the project, but the bottom line is that I will fulfill every single pledge. Legal threats certainly aren't productive and since there isn't a contractual delivery date then there's no breach as I'm very actively pursuing the project. I sincerely appreciate all of the positive support from my backers and your continued patience. Hi Joe, I'm still investigating a few other options and remain very positive that I'll be able to obtain the additional funds necessary. I'm using the funds I still have to move the project along. Thanks! Thymer, I'll be posting an update today or tomorrow. Thanks! The few refunds that I offered were not required and now, in order to better serve everyone, I'm not refunding anyone in order to get the project over the finish line. Sorry for the inconvenience. Update #30 posted! Hey JM and Jim - still waiting on the mold from the new shop. I was a bit optimistic with getting it that week on Friday. With closures for the holidays they are trying to finish by the close of business Monday the 31st. I'm planning on the first working day of 2013, Jan 2nd, to be their actual completion for picking up that morning. Once it's in my hands it will be about a day before I press out the first part!!! Thanks Tom! Joe -- yes, I've had to utilize a different control system than Smoothieboard for the CNC. I'm waiting till I press out the first part before I proceed with making the balance of lenses. I'll have a formal update tomorrow -- but briefly, I've started the mold at a second shop and negotiating how to close out the unfinished project at the current machine shop. More on that tomorrow! Hey everyone, here's a quick update. I am STILL waiting on the mold and frustration doesn't begin to describe the feeling I have right now with the machine shop. I'm looking for other shops to do the mold for me, even though I'm going to be going overbudget to duplicate the mold. At this point, the project simply can't be held up because these dudes can't get something done on time (even if they have a ton of different excuses or reasons). I'm pushing forward with everything I got to get these out the door -- I really can't wait to get these in everyone's hands! Thanks again for all your patience! New update posted! Hey Ryan and JM -- I'm working hard on making progress, still running into delays but will have an update this coming weekend when I have a few minutes to breathe. Thanks for your patience! Ryan -- this was my comment from yesterday on that update: Good catch everyone! The final version will use a smaller hardware footprint. 1. The images/CAD show a full size head with visible washers that sticks out. 2. Those brass washers won't be on the final product exterior, either. Both of these things were due to using a standard pivot and screws that were too long. One other thing is note is the hinge thickness (height in the stack- up) is reduced from what is shown. I'm glad everyone is as concerned as I am about the final product's exterior simplicity!!! :) To clarify, what is shown was what was needed to make the general operation of a quick FDM prototype work and not representative of the final product. Okay Okay -- Wednesday night! It's coming tonight -- still early this week! Don't worry, these sunglasses will happen no matter what! :) Hey everyone! Since my last update I've been working on getting production of the tooling completed. This is behind schedule, because while my initial testing of the bonded hinges was looking promising it ended up not living up to my requirements. I even switched to a different adhesive but there was still bond-line failure. So I switched back to a solid mounted hinge design and have that tooling in production now. The hinge style is different than what I've shown in previous updates, but closer to the original concept shown in the video. Pouches are in production and should be done in the next week. As for lenses I'm constructing a CNC machine to cut those out. I'm essentially waiting on tooling to be finished in the next week or two and will start molding/shipping when I receive that. I'll have a formal update early next week with where I'm at. Thanks all for your patience! Hey Thomas -- please just send me a message with the new address and I'll get it updated! I'll have an updated gantt/schedule up Monday, stay tuned! Hey Joe, yes -- I know -- I wish I could have more things to post pictures of but with everything being delayed my plans for picture didn't come through. As soon as I get something new to post I will! :) Hey Andrew -- I'll be posting another update tomorrow when I get an update on the carbon fiber prepreg order from the supplier. Stay tuned! Hey Matt -- Thanks for the comment. Not yet, working hard at getting these through the last final stages so that production can roll through. Most of the components are in production or near completion. The carbon pieces will be the last ones to complete in the next week or two. I'm hoping to wrap everything up in early-July. Derek -- photos coming as soon as I get some components in hand or start to press out parts. I'll be posting an update late tonight to update everyone on how the components are coming along. Thanks! Kyle -- nope, we haven't started shipping but will begin in the next 2 weeks or so. Andrew -- they will be slightly lightly than plastic versions -- carbon fiber is more dense than most plastics, however, the design has less volume than similar styles. Hi Pierson, very soon indeed! Once components start getting completed and are farther in the work process I'll be posting pictures, etc. Ali -- I'd like the sunglasses to be semi-gloss. The ceramic coating is a low-gloss and depending on the final finish of the mold tooling I should be able to get a semi-gloss or something close to it. Hey Matt and Derek -- there will be an update soon (possibly tomorrow). Things on the development side are taking longer than anticipated but everything is moving along. There will be a cascade of updates as the various pieces of the puzzle come together over the next week. Thanks for your patience! Hi Andrés -- we're going through all of the pledge and payment data right now. We'll be sending out the shipping "survey" shortly to gather addresses and see who needs to provide additional funds for international shipping. The additional $20 was supposed to be included in the original pledge, but we'll have another means of providing any additional funds. Thanks! Hey Ryan -- yes, there will be an update early next week. Thanks! Hey Chad -- yeah for sure! Kevlar is much harder to mold but there are some plans in the far future to add some color to the carbon fiber... :) Hi Maximus -- the idea is to create a brand of high-end eyewear, but currently the focus is solely on making the kolstom classic perfect and in a timely manner to reward the project backers. Thanks! Hey Joseph -- thanks! As for the shipping, since the funding is closed the additional fee won't be able to be collected through Kickstarter. We will have an alternative method for submitting that payment in the next week or so. Thanks! //Justin Thanks guys!!! I don't expect them to float due due to the density of the composite. Hey Daniel -- Thanks for backing the project! After the funding period closes and funds have been transferred (it takes about 17-20 business days till I have the funds) tooling can be started, then production! During the duration of the project, I'll be posting updates on the development and production process. Thanks again! Hey Matt -- yes, it's coming up quick! As for the temples, I've been working on getting the color right and unfortunately since it will be a custom ceramic paint shade, it will be a few weeks -- it will look great, I promise! (I won't let it not look awesome and special!). :) Hey Randall, thanks for backing the project! Go IE! :) The lenses are blanks that are coming from Polaroid and we will be doing the lens cutting ourselves. Thanks again! Hi Ali, thanks for the comment!!! The kolstom classics WILL NOT have this issue as I will individually inspect each piece -- these will be hand crafted and inspected in a final inspection fixture to assure symmetry. Thanks again!!! Hi Lawrence, There are definitely plans to add narrow and wide versions down the road. For the scope of the project we won't, however, we possibly will have them ready for this summer once we can fulfill the current orders. Thanks!!! Hi Andrés, you'll have to add the $20 yourself when pledging. You can go to modify your pledge and change it to $170 instead of $150. Thanks! Hi Marcus, we are working on that and will have something posted in the next week or two. Thanks!!! Hi Bradley -- you're correct on the kevlar and I don't plan on attempting to mess with kevlar in the near term. As for UV protection, there will be UV resistant epoxy at a minimum with the possibility of a clear ceramic UV protective coating on top of that. Hi Div3r5ity -- thanks for supporting the project! Unfortunately there isn't carbon fiber in white (there is some kevlar available in white mixed with carbon) but we may eventually offer the sunglasses in other colors by with ceramic coatings. Thanks again! No one's going to get a refund. Kickstarter is supporting people who want to shaft us for our hard earned money! Thanks a bunch Kickstarter! No Glasses, No Refund, No Happiness... I guess he decided to keep the CNC and give us all the cold shoulder. Sometimes being real smart makes you real stupid... I think we all got swindled by Justin Knowles Still waiting on my refund. Justin -- still haven't received my refund. What's going on here? It seems silly to take legal action over $150. Hi Justin... I still haven't received a refund or any contact on when I'll be receiving it... <url>"fool me once"... Done with KS for a while. I hope it works out for you, and I hope the project creators of that project are smart enough to actually build what they say they can. Good luck. <url>" kickstarter " because there are many con artists on the subject ! This is a police matter . Hit him up on twitter, he just blocked me. This is why I stopped using Kickstarter. This project is just regret for me. Justin did not intentionally defraud. But still, I'm not happy. Nowadays, I'm unemployed with no income and this is $150 gone. I'll live, but people need to be sure they're capable of doing the projects they put on Kickstarter. Kickstarter? Not even once. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Wow, this is robbery. Been more than patient with this whole process from beginning to end, and this is what happens. We just got robbed Very disappointing and a very arrogant and self absolving attitude. Unfortunately it have been clear for quite some time Justin Knowles was just another internet crook. Wtf This user's account has been deleted. @Justin - We're coming up on 3 months since you promised a promise of a "more detailed schedule in the next month or so". Please share your plans. any update? i filled out the refund form on time. no response yet. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Was looking forward to these bad boys but it's not the end of the world. Thanks for all the hard work and updates. Thank you for sharing your feelings and not something that felt forced i think in the back of our minds we've seen this coming to an unfortunate end, but to me, the disappointment is not just having the end product, but it's just the overall handling of the project could have been a lot better as far as communication is concerned. it really irked me that for more than one occasion there's just long periods of leaving the backers in the dark...no updates for long periods of time. it's been worsened by the fact that Justin throws the word "transparency" around but i felt that throughout the lifetime of the project, it's anything but...and the fact that in the last few updates, we've been given the impression that the project is coming along fine--albeit with some delays/issues (which is to be expected)--and then suddenly BAM! just ended like that...AFTER yet another long absence of communication. i'm not discounting the fact that you tried your best, Justin...but i'm not gonna lie: if somebody asks me to back a project and I see your name on it, my wallet will close itself automatically. This is definitely sad news, it felt like we were gaining traction but there were still hurdles to clear before the project would be done. I appreciate all the work that was put forth and although the outcome wasn't what any of us wanted at least the best effort was put forward, best of luck! Well that is indeed shitty... Well i for one believe you gave a good run, but there is a point where you just have stop. Good luck on your future endeavors. Thanks Justin, all the best. Sorry it didn't work out. I would just like to suggest to everyone requesting a refund, that Justin clearly took this on in good faith and although the project didn't end as everyone hoped, he did put the effort into it and has had to spend kickstarter money to get to this point. With that in mind, at the very least, I don't think anyone should be requesting the 1A refund because you would be asking him to refund more money than he ever received in the first place. Life goes on guys , give the man a brake . Sure we wanted the product as promised , but nothing was etched in stone. We took a risk and that's it. At least he was an honest guy and his last update was a hard one to write . Good luck to all of you and God bless ... I want my money back now!! End of 2015. That just isn't fair Well dang. Sickening... Guys looks like we got stooged :( Anyone know what or if any avenues are available to us? Such a disappointment. Happy Holidays to everyone who hopes to one day hold a pair of carbon fiber sunglasses. 983 days since funding If this was the mars rover I could understand so many delays. It's a pair of freaking sunglasses. I would of much preferred Justin to have told us with his very first update "hahah Unlucky fools I have your cash, bye" it feels worse that he has kept us expecting these sunglasses for more than a year. It's not the 145 that pisses me off it's the constant hope..... I hate to say it but it's looking like Justin has abandoned the project. I'm confused no update but it shows justin has backed other projects some are still live. Justin would you care to share some feelings about other projects that you have backed that have not been fulfilled. FYI - The Kolstom Twitter and Facebook accounts have been deleted. What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps should include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. For more information, see Section 4 of our Terms of Use. For projects that launched before October 19, 2014, please see our previous Terms of Use. Be great to get an update.... Last time I bothered to check on this was exactly 2 months ago... I see nothing has changed. Oh come on guys, why so snarky? Justin stated back in late October that and I quote: "Our team wants to wrap up this entire project by the end of the year. So that is our drop dead goal as of right now, with shipping starting in late-Nov/early-Dec." I'm sure that Justin has already started shipping! OK Just kidding. @Riley, I'm going to have to go for #3. The delay is obviously not going to be Justins fault, we should start a pool so at least 1 person of the 519 backers does not walk away from this thing empty handed. 1) The always unconfirmable 'factory delays' 2) "Quality of x part was not up to my liking" 3) "I was really busy with other projects (mainly blowing through 80K)" 4) "My project was bumped in line at the tooling shop due to a bigger order" 5) I ran out of update ideas and the where-with-all to keep up the charade and have decided to come clean that I am a fraud and unable to deliver on a promise. Therefore I will be refunding your money. ***#5 is for comedic purposes and isn't actually an option that you can wager on*** An update please? A update please. update please. This user's account has been deleted. So, I guess these are not shipping by Christmas Justin? Any idea when you will man up and refund us all? 83 bucks a day for 967 days. impressive waste of money. How long can you keep up the charade? Accountability: The obligation of an individual or organization to account for its activities, accept responsibility for them, and to disclose the results in a transparent manner. It also includes the responsibility for money or other entrusted property. Shockingly I'm pretty sure that Justin does this for a living ie: full time job.. Labor pool must be pretty shallow in Seattle. 3 days ago: Long overdue update coming tonight; thanks everyone for your understanding. 2 days ago: Actually Wednesday, not finished yet. Thanks. The fact that Justin cannot even deliver a date for date with any type of accuracy I think we can see why this project is 3 years in the making. Give it up man, you can't even keep the fake updates coming in with any regularity anymore. Just let us all off the hook and admit that you blew 80K and there is a 0% chance that we are getting a pair of sunglasses. Come on man, this is really pushing it now. This user's account has been deleted. Are we still shipping for Christmas? My philosophy in life is always under promise and over deliver. Finding it hard not to be negative Justin but being involved in this shambles is so frustrating. Want you to succeed, but you have done yourself no favours! Justin - I don't want to overload you with requests here but James and Shannon have pointed out a troubling pattern wherein you promise something and then do not deliver. As refunds and an actual product being delivered are not possible I think you have managed to lower the bar to us requesting a date for a date. Justin - seeing as you are 2 weeks late on your promised update would it be possible for you to provide us with a date that you will have the next update available? 'I hope to have the next update early next week'...2 and a half weeks later and still no update. Why do you persist in telling us you are going to give us an update and then not update us...one frustrating individual This user's account has been deleted. I really wanted to believe that this wasn't a big scam but at this point I don't think anyone in their right mind could deny that the backers of this project have been taken for their investment. What goes around comes around. 61 days to fulfill a life long dream Justin. I can see the press release now.... "After almost 3 years and over $80,000 dollars spent on cars, clothes and trips to Vegas a young man finally bows out to the pressure of fulfilling his life long dream. What started as a goal, morphed into a pyramid scheme and ended with broken dreams for most but a brand new car + cash for one. Kolstom Classic is announcing that this round of glasses paid for in 2012 will unfortunately not be available. I would like to thank all my backers for blindly giving me your money so I could live my personal dreams these last few years on your dime. This has been a tough decision but after a brief agonizing moment I've decided to stop posting fake updates and making up erroneous reasons as to why I can't deliver. This project allowed me to blow 80,000 dollars of your money and for that I am eternally grateful." In all honestly *golf clap* for you sir - you did it man. Not many people can just get handed 80,000 dollars by complete strangers. In all seriousness, I've read through your 'updates' front to back more than once and the one thing that I have come away with is this...not once, not ONE SINGLE TIME did something that you promised or planned for happen as you said it would. Holidays, bad partners, poor hinges etc. etc. - you literally had a 3rd party obstacle every single step of the way. In my mind either, 1) you are one of the most incompetent project managers alive - but we know that is not true because this is also your day job and you appear to still be employed. 2) you got on a streak of bad luck that carried for almost 3 years, defying all odds you flipped a coin 50 times and landed tails, 50 times. 3) You spent the money on your own personal life. Whatever happens in the next 61 days - at least due us the solid and come clean with what happened to the $80,345 dollars you received. This user's account has been deleted. Hi Justin, in my previous post in August you mentioned shipping in about a month. What is the latest timeframe now? I totally agree with Riley - We need access to your PayPal or Starbucks card! The parts are looking way better than they used to ... thank you for your long-term dedication to this project and the excellent level of quality! Heck ya Justin - that's what I am talking about man! Appreciate that updated excel - with you in charge I know we got the right man to drive this project to completion. Do you have a Paypal account or something, I'd like to send you some money for coffee/snacks to help keep you fueled during these long hours. Nobody should work on something for almost 2.5 years without a little coffee break now and again. 920 days I was clearly delusional in thinking it was just additional funding needed for this project - I feel like I've seen these same images and updates several times before. The pics look great! Keep moving forward Justin! To all backers, this upcoming Thursday marks the 2.5 year anniversary since this project was funded (30 months!!!). I think we should throw a party or some type of celebration to commemorate the $80,000 spreadsheet which we collectively purchased. Tick tock Justin - where are we at with putting that $80,000 + to fulfilling a promise you made? I'm assuming an unexpected dilemma came up and now you are looking for another shop to do some work but once that is sorted out you will update the spreadsheet and ship our glasses out shortly! Keep us posted, we are all anxiously waiting (: This user's account has been deleted. True to form Justin - great update! ANOTHER unexpected delay, how could this happen to you again?!?!? Still pulling for you buddy and that $80,000 that you raised almost 900 days ago. I wish I could find a way to generate roughly 90 dollars a day for 900 days with an excel spreadsheet, a couple of drawings and a camera. Waiting on that update Justin. We all still believe in you! Day 876 since this project was funded. UPDATE PLEASE. Justin, do you have pictures of the metal cutting work that started a few weeks ago? If the refund will only happen when you start shipping, I guess I am locked in.. No point in the refund if that's the case LOL shipping in a month. Count on that! Hi Justin, Can I please haves refund? I have resisted buying any new sunglasses for over two years. With another Summer on its way, seems only fair. I don't see any end to this campaign in the foreseeable future I tried reloading the page multiple times but I was unable to locate the update? PO was to be placed on July 5th. It is now July 31st and to my knowledge no PO has been placed. Weeks end has come come and went, yet no PO has been provided. Also, it has been 846 days since this project was funded. hey Justin as Riley said...an update with the PO copy is overdue. Hey Justin, hope you are having a great week! Just checking in on where we are at in the process of posting that PO? Your update on Monday said 'a day or two' and we are now winding down day four. I really wish you would stop the charade and just admit that you blew through the money (legitimately or on a new car / down payment on a house) so the rest of us can chalk this up as an L and move on. If you accomplish one thing with this project it should be taking a long look in the mirror and being upfront and honest with the people you swindled out of $80,000. I honestly believe that you owe us that, just an honest admission of fault and acknowledgement that we are never going to receive what we were promised. This user's account has been deleted. Further more your fancy new "action item list" is the new joke of the day. When you sent it out. Your update 56 was "projected Start 6/27 End 7/1" (which you missed) and apparently you changed it to 7/2-7/3. Here on earth it's 7/8, so you missed it the first time changed the dates and missed it again. I tell you what refund me $150 to my paypal and I'll walk away and quit commenting on this. Yes I read the update hence saying it was copy and paste, basically its the same as the previous with filler that adds no value. Hi Justin, I've been waiting patiently for progress on this. However, it's getting to the stage where we will all have to consider legal action prior to the effect of the Statute of Limitations. Please understand that regardless of your assurances, or any progress short of actual delivery: if your side of the contract isn't fulfilled in the next few months, we may be forced to act simply by the passing of time itself, to ensure we maintain our rights under law. As a Law grad, I'm keenly aware of my rights in this matter. Given this advice, if you're tempted to let this project slowly creep on without fulfilment, you might like to seek legal advice on your own rights (or you could spend the money on fulfilling orders instead of lawyers - your choice). It'll make international news if we are forced to file a class action prior to the Statute of Limitations; and regardless of you abbreviating your surname here, and leaving the Kolstom brand off your LinkedIn profile, you'll be personally and professionally accountable. I'm hoping that time doesn't force our hand in this Justin - I do believe in your ability and your vision, and I think it's still possible for this project to succeed (or you wouldn't be getting the courtesy of this heads up). Good luck with meeting your milestones as per your spreadsheet. Hey Justin, I saw in your most recent update that on 7/1 you were placing a Tooling Purchase Order. Would you be able to post some evidence of that PO? As a backer I think it is our responsibility to help hold you responsible to your commitments. Really appreciate your effort and continued drive to provide us with a great pair of sunglasses! Excited to see progress! You should run for public office Justin. I have never seen someone say so much and provide so little. Lets be real, you blew through the money. Maybe you actually tried to build this project with the 80K and you couldn't get it done and are now out of money. Or perhaps you went to Vegas, bought a new car and paid off some student loans. Either way our chance of receiving even 1/10th the item that we all paid for is -null- I gotta give it to you, a real round of applause for this entire ordeal. 21st century blatant fraud out in the open with zero consequences. You jumped on a great opportunity. So the highlight of the update is a cut and paste job from the last update with some more filler words and swapped out a gantt chart for an action item list. There is absolutely nothing new to report it seems. On the 5/19 you said " The next update should include the tooling at a minimum." two "updates" later and nothing about tooling. Is it to be assumed you've made no progress on the tooling in over a month? He must be operating on a Venus clock.. Hey dude, How about an update? @Dustin, I really didn't think Riley's thoughts were out of line however your "WIC/welfare" comments certainly were and are quite telling. It's not about the money it's the principle behind it and the personal & professional accountability that is lacking from the project owner. while @Riley's comments can be better worded, I must admit I'm with him on this whole fiasco that this project is becoming to. well, actually, if you read the comments from other projects that has turned into a real mess, @Riley's comments are tame by comparison it's not the money; it's the sheer principle of it. Justin took the money, and he needs to SHOW that he's going to deliver. it doesn't matter if it's $150 or a $1. personally, there's just too much stuff Justin did wrong on this project for him to even earn a little bit of sympathy on my part...heck...he can't even commit to a dead simple bi-weekly update (he missed it again). how hard is it to spend 5 minutes to tell us what's going on? remember the long silence from a while back which was attributed to a "personal problem"? the decision to make a significant portion of the glasses PLASTIC without consulting the backers (which was undone after much protest from the backers)? you know the best KS projects i've backed? they do updates A LOT..and provide a lot of details if there are setbacks and how they're going to rectify them. because that instills transparency, and in the end gains the confidence of the backers. that's just basic. but, hey, if i'm wrong then i'm glad and we get our cool sunglasses. but i'm certain that i speak for a lot when I say that confidence that this product will see the light of day has waned significantly over the last year or so. having all that said, the confidence has lessened, but not completely depleted. Justin, you've got to try harder, man. start by fixing the communication with your backers. no more "i can't provide updates because {insert lame excuse here}" please. you want moral support from your backers? then give us a reason to! tit for tat, bro. @Riley - bug off, go complain elsewhere. Go collect your WIC and general welfare and spend your less than valuable time complaining about other topics elsewhere. It's only $150-200 it's not like it will make or break someone. And if it does they shouldn't have put cash towards sunglasses in the first place. @all complainers - if u need to be negative find a different forum or just shut up. You comments lack value. Find your rock and dwell underneath quietly. Justin K on Jun 4 @Phillip - point well taken. Next update will be coming Friday, after I receive some components and have further details on some timelines. Stay tuned! 808 days since this project was funded According to our trusty gantt chart our shortly awaited sunglasses will start shipping in less than a week! I can only guess since Justin missed another update he's busy getting all that packaging in order. This is starting to become so ridiculous you can only laugh at the joke of a project this has become. I hope you at least spent our money on some seriously cool things. $80,000 dollars cash for some hacky prototype is quite the accomplishment Justin. If anything, you should hang your hat on the fact you were able to swindle that much money out of people - well done. For the rest of us, here is the link to the WA Attorney General complaint submission: <url>#.U5n6QCjcAYs Here is an article regarding the Attorney Generals stance on Kickstarter fraud: <url>“Consumers need to be aware that crowdfunding is not without risk,” Ferguson said in a statement. “This lawsuit sends a clear message to people seeking the public’s money: Washington state will not tolerate crowdfunding theft.” The fact that Justin is based in the state of Washington should add some serious leverage for the Attorney General to investigate and pursue legal action. I have been submitting complaints every two weeks for the last few months, I encourage you all to join me. In all reality if Justin has been trying to complete this project he has burned through the majority (or all) of our money by now and him forking out the tens of thousands of dollars it will take to make the hundreds of glasses is just not going to happen. Justin has proven that he is not a competent business man or manufacturer, it's over folks - we paid $100's for a pipe dream and some shoddy updates. @Adam - I asked for it. I think Justin realizes that he is on thin ground at this point and isn't living up to the agreements with his funding group nor the KickStarter edict of good faith. He's already sidestepping the bi-weekly comment updates he agreed to earlier and to be honest I really doubt a product will ever exist. I no longer have a horse in this race but feel it only fair to communicate my experiences with the rest of the group. Hey Thymer - how did you get your refund? He has denied any refund to others until the production is finished, which I believe to be absurd. Justin - your update from more than a month ago indicated that you understand the frustration and legal threats caused by your lack of communication, and you committed to a two-week update frequency. Given the ill will that's been generated amongst the backers who raised over $80,000 on your behalf, would you please keep to that commitment? The KS "good faith" provision would certainly apply to this request. We'd like to know if you're on track with the most recent Gantt chart, so we can know what to expect regarding the ship date you showed on that chart. According to your Gantt chart, tooling was to have been completed by June 1, and you're to be in "first part creation" by now. If you're not there, that's an update that needs to be shared with your backers. If you're avoiding an update until an unspecified date in the future, you're not showing the good faith that KS requires from project creators. Lol gets better every update. Glad I got my refund. @Riley Probably another gantt chart too *You're (: Where we at on that update Justin.....can I take a stab and guess... "Issues with manufacturing - your working on it (in your spare time). Have faith everyone! This product is going to be so awesome when we get these minor issues figured out!!!" Looking forward to the May 18th update. Meanwhile, backers not satisfied with the interactions here on kickstarter are welcome to view and post information to kickscammed.com (link below), an interesting knowledge base and forum for kickstarter failures and perceived failures. For a relevant analogy to what Justin must be going through, you might also be interested in an article about a similar situation and timeline. <url>"on the back burner" because this project is no longer a priority. That's a problem with most of us backers who have tried to stay faithful after two years of little to no development. There's literally nothing to show for $80k and two years of what Justin calls development. At this point, I'd be more impressed with a $200 block of carbon fiber that I can use as a paper weight instead of vaporware sunglasses. I, for one, will be requesting a refund whether or not a final product ships. There will be quite a lot of us who will get our money back one way or another. Your updates are all kind of the same. They lack any proof that you're actually doing anything, they all basically say things are delayed and you cant reach your vendors and/or your project is not a high priority for them. Oh and i almost forgot you seem to polish the sh!t out of a lot of molds but then have to get new ones made of which you never show. This is comical now it's like copy and paste from update to update. Wow I know it's been a long time but Thymer chill the F out... This project that we all backed has been rough, putting it lightly, but Justin has been giving updates all the time compared to another project I backed with a whole lot more money and I didn't get updates or what I was 'owed'. As long as we are still moving forward and we get updates on what's happing I'm good. Justin, I want to give you one last opportunity to refund my money before legal action. You have provided zero proof that you are actually manufacturing anything other than a couple of random pictures. It is my opinion that your only making (late) update posts to keep the deception going. Certainly not where I expected or wanted this to go but you have taken a lot of peoples hard earned money. I am formally requesting a cash refund of $150 immediately. I am so frustrated ... Remember we backed you. Now we all look silly for believing in your "promotional" video also where's your 4/20 update? "We're still finalizing how we are going to handle refunds and won't be issuing any until after we begin shipping." you can't do that...you're holding the money hostage to anyone who wants a refund? not cool, bro. State of Washington files fraud lawsuit against Kickstarter project launcher for failure to deliver. <url>"Your pledge isn't an investment by any means and there should have been no expectation of a return. :)" is not entirely accurate. Kickstarter does require you to actually provide a product for the 80 Grand that has been invested. So far over two years you have shipped nothing. This obviously isn't a priority for you or it would have been completed at least a year ago. We're talking about sunglasses here, not space shuttles. It is my opinion that this product is nothing more than vaporware and will never actually be produced. I think you are just leading everyone along with excuse after excuse with no real intention of ever providing anything to your investors. Justin - For those of us who are tired of waiting on this "investment" that may, or may not, be completed within the foreseeable future, how are you handling requests for refunds? Some of your investors may want to cash out at this point after two years of no returns. This is the biggest joke of a product and process. This project was funded 2 YEARS AGO. 2 YEARS people. I hope you enjoyed blowing our $80,000. Projects like this are the antithesis of what is wrong with Kickstarter. People shoot way over thier head for something that they are nowhere near qualified to complete and get 4/5ths of $100,000 dollars. Justin - one more time, how many weeks until we get our sunglasses? It's been two months since a update. We all understand the the project is behind schedule and we're all hanging in there. With that said Justin the least you could do is be prompt with your communication to your investors. Two months is too long and there is no excuse for not spending fifteen minutes to post a update every couple weeks even if it says there is no update. Agree whole heartedly with Peter. Constantly being told 'testing X component next week, update right after' only to be left waiting for an update weeks and sometimes months later than expected. If you say it Justin then expectation is that you will stick to it. Besides that, I do admire your tenacity. Hoping to see a final product in the coming months? Unfortunately another summer is ending in the southern hemisphere. Hi Justin, as well as the technical learning experience you have garnered during this project, you should also reflect on the business experience. I have seen you grow over the course of this project, but there is one area of concern - expectation management. Unless you can do "X" in "Y" days/weeks - then don't say it. But when you say "Z" will be finished next week and then I'll [insert action here] - then you have to do it. One of the most important aspects of dealing with your clients is to manage their expectations. I look forward to the next update. Still looking forward to receiving my sunnies here in the land Downunder Justin... Your perseverance will be worth it! Justin how about addressing the last part of Dustin's comment - updates, and transparency with those of is who have funded your exploration on feasibility as Matt appropriately put it. I'm honestly amazed your still trying to complete this project. While I'm certainly not happy with the delay I am impressed with your perseverance. mate compared to quite few projects I've backed you are one of rare one where the creator never give up and persisted. I thank you for that regardless whether this project succeed or not. ^ ^ UPDATE please Have you considered a secondary op to trim the CF & resin flashing out? I am somewhat surprised to see the amount of effort being put into the tool without considering, or at least publicly mentioning that this was an option being pursued. I'm sure I'm not the only one waiting for these things to come to life with an engineering background. Make the problems more public and I would expect some rational ideas to come out. We backers are wanting a final product and to get some clear insight into the success and struggles of the project. A clearly written update isn't a necessity but semi-frequent updates would be nice, or at lease pictures with a caption of whats going on... Again, so happy I could fund your exploration to see if it was possible to make this product. I don't seem to remember reading that in the description. Have you considered SMC production methods using short strand carbon fiber? that should read update how about another upate? Hi Justin, any good news for us? thanks This user's account has been deleted. Got e-mail asking to confirm the shipping address. Looks like I will be getting it after all! Not the longest wait but looking back it's been 21 months since the project was funded. Gotta say I'm grateful that Justin stood by his idea. Well done mate! word up! just in time for spring I've tried being optimistic, even wanted to help out - now I find myself just hoping to see if anyone else who actually got a build number and shipping confirmation posts an update themselves. I got my confirmation and build number November 18th. I'm barely hopeful for pre April 18th arrival. April will make 2 years.... Christmas has come and gone and looks like there will be no updates let alone deliveries before the new year (2014). So any updates? Are they shipping this year... Thanks for clarifying Thank you Justin for clearing that up. I'm looking forward to seeing the final design. The last update has me concerned that your issues getting the molds to work have lead you to stripping many of the interesting design elements out. Especially of concern is the unrefined hinge (it switched from being horizontally elongated to vertical and chunky?!) and simplified nose bridge. After waiting over 18 months, I hope this is not how the final product turns out. Are the glasses shown in recent updates the same design as originally promised? They look a lot thinner and less design flare. You mention you are a perfectionist so I am hoping the result after this long endeavour are nothing short of this. Perhaps in the future it would be best to see if its actually possible to make your proposed product instead of using 80k to find out if its possible. If the project had asked for backers to see if making these were even possible I would have passed. The latest updates don't look much like the glasses advertised. I didn't get any sort of email as others have mentioned. Is communication going to pick up at all? I would like to know what is happening in any capacity, rather than be left in the dark like it always seems like we are. Hey, look at that...received a build number and shipping address confirmation email. Maybe perhaps possibly shipping soon?! Was looking for the update "Saturday at the latest", did I miss it? Way to keep making promises you can't keep. This user's account has been deleted. Any update? Very frustrated. Has been a year and a half.. ...I want my sunglasses. Maybe I should start referring to them as unicorns, or elves. This user's account has been deleted. Hi Justin, I might have missed this, but what are you doing for the limited KS edition investors since the design has changed so much? Are the green hinges still going to be involved with the final design? @Justin: Just wondering how you are sailing... Anyone want to give me $150 bucks to deal with this headache? Justin, if you say your are doing a update in two to three weeks give a update even if that means that you've run into more delays. When you promise a update and then don't provide one it looks very bad. Hi Justin! Everything always seems to take more time than expected - and it appears to me that even as we get more experienced, and build in extra time based on that experience, it still isn't enough! Anyway, I am patient, and while I am waiting, I am trying to build up calluses on the bridge of my nose and on top of my ears, just in case the carbon fiber is more abrasive than the plastic, as you said earlier! I found this interesting video of how Luxottica makes Chanel sunglasses - or, more precisely, how they make them when cost of equipment and materials is no object! (My guess is that they retail for $400-$700, give or take) Even as automated as they are, the process is very complex! This comment site won't let me put in the link, but go to Chanel on YouTube, and search Chanel for The Secrets from the Workshop - CHANEL Eyewear if you are interested ... Keep going - we're rooting for you! As they said in Rome, "Ad astra per aspera." Richard This user's account has been deleted. so what's the update on this? it's been almost a month AGAIN incommunicado. you are really testing the patience of your backers: from the delays, sudden changes on the design (retracted because of criticisms from your backers) and then the lack of updates. so what's the excuse this time? So what's up? So most of my post have been fairly neutral and/or slightly critical. This one will be very critical. I've read your new update and honestly the new glasses suck. They are plastic glasses with some carbon fiber embellishments. You can talk all day about it being a subframe or ergonomics or fit comfort it's all noise to try and justify your changes. This project was for you to build 506 carbon fiber sunglasses like the ones you posted on the front page. If you could of just built 2 to 3 of those by hand every day this project would be done, along the way you could of made improvements, you'd have happy backers and you would of learned a lot. I don't think anyone one was expecting these to be mass produced Oakley or ray-ban quality glasses. Just some really cool carbon fiber specs. We didn't give you $80k to start a sunglass manufacturing company, it was to build the glasses on the front page. Stop talking about all the things you've done for honda or whoever else no one really cares. Your updates have all been the same some basic wish was info with a promise of more detailed info later, basically all empty promises. And really another Gantt chart? I laughed when I saw that. Send me a pair of glasses like the ones on the home page if you can't you did not full fill this pledge. Your answer to some one that if they were unhappy with them they could sell them. Okay you have a deal I'd like to go ahead and sell my pair back to you right now for $150. Deal? The problem here Jim, is that Justin gets something out of this even if we don't. He gets expensive equipment and experience. We just lose our hard earned dollars. That's wrong. Well, I guess we get to learn a lesson... Tuco, it may not ship. I might get nothing. Only speaking for myself here and myself only; not trying to start some debate about the contractual obligations of Kickstarter. It know them well after having backed 175 projects. To me, getting nothing is a risk of Kickstarter, regardless of the contractual obligations. That's just the reality of it. I'm with Brian and Richard Johnson. Justin has dealt with all kinds of setbacks, he has been communicative, and despite the negative comments, threats, and name-calling, he's still hanging in there and plugging away. My hat is off to him, even if he doesn't deliver a pair of sunglasses to me. He tried hella hard to get this done. I probably would have said "f- it" and walked away by now and let the legal vultures come after me. But he's still trying to deliver. I have a pair of glasses for this summer, so this isn't going to kill me. Again, I'm only speaking for myself, I'm not trying to speak for anyone else. You're all entitled to your feelings. My comment may be out of line, but when you have a KS project that promises June of 2012 delivery and it's June of 2013 - and the project creator has said he's out of money, it doesn't seem promising. I'm not holding my breath that I'll get anything for my $125. I can hope, but I really doubt this will ship in 2013. Justin spent the money on development, fulfillment, and business continuation, which is what kickstarter is for. We did not provide “funding” for someone to make a bulk order and a quick profit, we did not order a one-of part that would fade until the next KS project. We backed an engineer with several years experience in working with composites to create an awesome sunglass company. Unfortunately composites are a difficult and expensive medium to work with. It requires creating expensive molds before you can fully validate your designs, it is an iterative process. Not to mention the difficulty in becoming a priority with a machine shop as a smaller business, getting quality work on a budget, and when rework is required. For me it has been a great learning experience for when I finish my project. I do wish there was a few more pictures and updates, but there has been 38 updates in a year plus multiple comments with information. That is far more correspondence than I have seen on other projects. I'm optimistic and looking forward to these still. Keep at it! A venture capitalist? Seriously do you even know what that means? A venture capitalist is part owner of the company that he or she funds so this couldn't be farther from the truth. Comparing this project to a major manufacturer is ridiculous, truly. Justin has no overhead and has spent $60k with nothing to show for it. Communication has been poor at best and is always later than what he has promised. There is no excuse for that. Maybe 60 or 80 grand isn't a lot of money to some people but it sure is to me. Bottom line is that Kickstarter requires that projects either deliver a product or a refund. Changing the design mid-stream is fraud and nothing less. One should have easily been able to determine the feasibility of pure CF sunglasses before blowing 60K in capitol and at that point approach your investors to discuss the change to partial plastic not after the money has been spent. Everyone: As I read over the comments of the last month, I am dismayed by the people who are name-calling and threatening lawsuits. Over what? $150 - $200? C'mon! Judge Judy would throw you out! We are lucky to have one person, our own Justin K, trying to create something which has never been done before, on a budget so small that no company of any size would even consider it! Look on the Internet, and you will see two companies making sunglasses using carbon fiber: Ray-Ban and Oakley. Both of them are wholly-owned divisions of the largest glasses company in the entire world, Luxottica - a manufacturing behemoth that took in over 6 Billion euros in 2011, and has 65,000 employees. They spend more money in a few minutes than Justin has been using for an entire year! Ray-Ban only makes the temple bars out of carbon fiber infused resin, the rest is metal. The price? $185 - $235! Oakley made two complete carbon fiber sunglasses, but in very limited quantities, and have now discontinued them - and they started at $1,500!! So I believe we all owe Justin our appreciation for the extremely difficult task he has taken on, and our patience while he tries to do what even the largest sunglasses company in the world has pretty much punted on. What do you want to bet that someone at Luxottica is one of the backers, and is eagerly watching what Justin is doing? When he is finished - and from the diligence and tenacity he continues to show at working, and at the same time trying to get additional financing, I am sure he will finish - all of us will have the most exclusive sunglasses on the planet!! From the creativity, resourcefulness and work ethic of one person - Justin! And if you don't want to wait, that is your prerogative; but at the same time don't demean yourselves by suing him ... he has worked his butt off for over a year, with no guarantee that he would succeed, for $80,000, less the 20% that I believe KS takes. Think of yourselves as venture capitalists, (who never sue their companies if they fail!), but all the funds you had to commit were less than you would spend today buying a typical pair of higher-end branded sunglasses - without carbon fiber - that anyone can buy anywhere! Justin - just listen to your heart, and hang in there! You are doing something amazing!! Richard Johnson Small Claims Court option is next step This is unreal, Kickstarter needs to step in here. REFUND NOW. So after 18 months we are told that we 'might' get a plastic pair of sunglasses with some carbon fiber glued on it sometime in Summer 2013, assuming an angel rains money down on Justin. Great. Looking forward to it. You could consider an alternative. Use some of the money, buy a plane ticket to Las Vegas. Get a card board sign and a sharpie. Write 'kick me in the junk for $20' on it. Stand on the strip with sign. Get $20 a kick and 4017.3 kicks later, repay us in full for this debacle! Good luck buddy. :) Can we get a update please? Could you share with us what the several options are? The communicated product from you was sunglasses with a carbon fiber frame, not a plastic frame. You can either produce and ship what you have promised or you can provide refunds. For those of you out there concerned about your investment please remember that there is a statute of limitations for breach of contract lawsuits. If we don't have a concrete date of either the refund or the product in the next two weeks I will be proceeding with a suit to recover the investment and legal costs. We may also as a group have a opportunity for class action status. Suits against non-completed/non-refunded Kickstarter projects have been successful in the past. Justin, you spent this money recklessly and without a clear plan. You are liable for that loss and we the investors are by Kickstarter contract entitled to either the originally promised product (not plastic) or a complete refund. Please advise the group as to your course of action. Didn't really answer the question.. DEAR ENGINEER??? HOW SHOULD KNOW, THE PLÁTICO IS VERY CHEAPER THAN CARBON FIBER, SIGNAL AS previ U.S., THAT THE PROJECT HAS BEEN CALCULATED AND EVIL YOU HAVE A LITTLE MORE MONEY ORDER OF SHAME ....AS FOR ME, WHILE NOT RECEIVE THE GLASSES, I HAVE A PENASR IN SWINDLE.WHAT WOULD BE IN MY COMPANY SELL A PARTICULAR TYPE OF MARBLE AND THEN GIVE THE CUSTOMER THAT ARGUMENT WOULD HAVE TO USE ANOTHER KIND (CHEAPEST QUALITY AND WORST), BUT THAT WOULD HAVE TO PAY MORE able WHY NOT BUY A RAW MATERIAL REQUIRED AND PREVIOUSLY NEGOTIATED.THIS IS BULLSHIT .....INITIALLY, THE PROJECT HAVE LOOKED SENSE BECAUSE NOW THERE ARE SEVERAL MANUFACTURERS WITH GLASSES ON CARBON FIBER, LIKE MODEL, COLOR AND 1 PAIR ORDERED. COMES NOW YOU SAY THAT WILL LEAD PLASTIC? RETURN THE MONEY SENT. INITIALLY WAS NOT WHAT WAS ADVERTISED OR WILL BE REQUIRED TO REPORT SWINDLING. AVAILABLE ALBERTO CONDE 8HAYABUSA-<email>) Can you please let us know what your plans are should you not receive the additional funding? It's been two weeks, can we get a update on progress please. thanks From my experience Kickstarter is used to fund a product or service one already knows how to create. Not to take people's money to bankroll your experimentation to see if maybe you can figure out a way to make the product. He promised to send me a refund months ago and nothing! total scam "I won't be offering any refunds unless I can't fulfill your pledge." How are you defining can't fullfill your pledge? Its a year in to this with numerous I plan to be shipping by... Seems like a pretty good point of not being able to fulfill pledges.. I'm thinking we got scammed. What a waste of time and money. I have sent several emails to kickstarter to complain about the lack of communication and commitment to this project. $133.12 for a sunglasses pouch? Ridiculous. I will never use kickstarter again. left a comment on the update page. I really prefer to get the actual promised glasses or a full refund. Thanks the white on black/dark grey looks better I like the dark grey/black ones. I looked at the original photo on your website, and although the light grey/clear hinges were shown there, I think that you should go with your thoughts in the most recent update - the black ones will present more elegantly against the carbon fiber. For those (like me) who didn't remember, here is a link to the original photo: <url>"Nobody remembers a late presentation, just the BAD ones." Since we have already waited 10+ months, please finish it "Insanely great". Press on! I like light grey/clear hinges! Also looking for an update. Trying to stay optimistic after 10 months of waiting and not seeing an update for some time... Any new update? My share has been claimed! Thanks! I'm still very committed to this project and think it's a very cool concept. That said, anyone interested in my early-bird share? My wife got me a pair of sunglasses for Christmas and I don't need a third pair. Post a comment or e-mail me through KickStarter. Sounds great. Keep us updated... Yep, time for an update? Any news? Update? :) Keep on chipping away mate, I am looking forward to the end product whenever that is, no rush from me. :) Ps merry Christmas. Rodge Hey Justin, Hang in there, you are closing in on the final lap. You can do it! Cheers! Tom So the only hold up at this point is the Molds? In the last update you said the only hold up was the molds but you had the Lens CNC as a "caveat". Is it to be assumed that you have finished that? update...? I know you're working hard on these sunglasses, and I'm excited for the end result of all your work! Don't let impatient people get you down. Any dates that are up? Justin, knowing how hard you're working to make these great justifies my support; I'm sure when I get them I'll appreciate and enjoy them that much more. Thanks for the honest updates. Sucks that we have another delay BUT this is what happens when you are working twords making a great project, I've made some things that have taken me 5 or 6 tries to get it right and that was just something for me, not a product with my name on it sold to people all over, I'm glad that you won't give up your quest to put out a perfect project, yes its behind where most want it to be but this was an investment and one that I will be worth the wait once its done, I'm still behind ya man! backer* looks like you cant edit comments... dont let bakers with baker remorse get you down. take your time and nail the glasses. im glad your not cutting corners to speed up production =] Hi Justin, in your upcoming update, please give us a progress indicator in your best guess as to percentage complete. I'm seeing progress and I know you're working hard. Also let us know what the likelihood is of having these shipped by Christmas. Hi, I'd like to request a refund please. I'm not seeing any forward progress and not sure this project will really come to fruition. thanks Hey Justin. Just curious about the status of the project. An update would be awesome. Hope all is going well. Any update on completion / shipping...? Cmon ryan, have some faith. An aerospace engineer would not have a finished product look like that! Obviously that is a prototype fitted to his printed model. (right?) I really hope the screw heads that are seen in the pictures that you sent out today aren't going to be visible on the final product. From the look of the CAD drawing and the rough prototype the hinges look terrible. Please tell me that they're still going to look like what they originally looked like(on the kickstarter page) on the final product! Thanks for the updates. At this point you're probably thinking to yourself "Why did I ever DO this to myself" :-) It's been a fascinating journey. Can't wait to receive my Koltom's when they're ready. I'm sure we all appreciate your perceverance with the project which holds, as most new projects, a ton of surprises! Considering you've been dedicated to the glasses many are eager to see for quite some time now, should we start a tip jar!? Looking for that update. Starting to wonder if this was a wise investment. What is the status Justin? How is the process going?? Production starts tomorrow? :-D Gimme ma Kolstoms! Summer is coming in New Zealand.. Hoping to receive soon..... So production set to start in 5 days? Super stoked for the glasses, Justin! It's sunny all year here in Denver, so I'll get to rock them in the snow! Question, is it possible to change the address I gave in the survey? I was in Seattle then, but Colorado now. Updated Timeline?? :) J, the pouch looks gangsta. Luv the green accents, which is what drew me to the Kickstarta special edition. Don't compromise on your vision of the best product you can deliver, cos quality doesn't happen overnite. Every update you send out has me more excited for these awesome sunglasses. Can't wait to see the final product! Justin, keep us posted on how things are going. Thanks for your update on the 10th. Weekly updates are welcome as far as I'm concerned. Any guess on what the revised delivery date will be? hey justin, when your done with this project , can you make a carbon fiber faceplate for the pebble? im in if you do! Joe, he just added a pic to the latest update. The people who ordered the KS edition might be interested in checking it out. Jason, Keep pushing , you are doing a fine job. With anything new there are usually a few hiccups along the way remember Quality is A1 Pictures of what you have so far would be nice, anything really.. like pictures of the molds or your testing or even the hinges that came out the wrong color.. I kind of thought the idea is that we would be involved along the way... I like the Titanium for the hinge for the LE. Any rough ETA? Can we get some pictures? Just some constructive criticism not to sound negative but the interaction with the backers has been lacking, lots of pictures promised not many delivered :-/ This user's account has been deleted. Hey Justin, Have you started shipping out yet? Cant wait to wear those classes here in Brazil. We got sun almost everyday! Photos? Be awesome to see some close ups of the sunglasses fresh off the line! Hi Justin, How much will your glasses weigh? Are they lighter than popular brands? Hey Justin, have any of the glasses made shipment yet? How is the process coming? Do you have any video/pictures of them yet? I hope to get my sunglasses soon for the summer months. Glad to see production coming around, good luck! What's the level of glossiness the finished product would have? I'm assuming with the ceramic coating it'll be very glossy right? These are going to be awesome! Glad to see there's a timeline. However, I will say I'm somewhat disappointed that the people pledging a higher level aren't being fulfilled first. To me it makes sense the Kickstarter Edition goes out first. Looks like I'll get these in time for snow driving. Thanks, Think a lot of us just like following the process, even if there are bumps in the road. Who doesn't love photos or videos of the process? I do! Glad to hear things are moving forward, cant wait to see these in June! That is if everything is still on schedule. he said we were going to get an update... nothing ... and now its almost been 2 weeks... Hey Justin, has there has been anything new to update us on? Hey Justin, just curious which provider you are going to use for shipping domestically. I live in remote-Colorado and the USPS vs. UPS/FedEx require different address, so I want to make sure the glasses make it to my door and not my neighbors. Thanks! Where can we get the information on the international shipping? It wasn´t clear if we had to pay the $20 afterwards or include it on the pledge and I haven´t given any shipping information. Just wondering if we can expect an update anytime soon? Love the way these glasses look. Carbon color options would be an insane option... dreaming of a green/black kevlar like weave: <url>