@Dave. Didn't you just back the Lono Water Sprinkler? Their project page just shows a 3D rendering. And their video just shows someone catching a plastic box and a phone in the rain! Ask them to show you the product in action as see what their response is. Even today, @manoko who is one of the people who harassed my wife via Facebook is still spreading lies about our "fake company". And they must not have access to this link showing our active business since 1998. <url>’t link a Facebook account. If we were to link a Facebook account, it would have been to a LUCI group, not to a personal page. Then, some people started questioning our business. So we shared the link to our business registration on the Quebec government website. This apparently didn’t change a thing. These few users were so heavily brainwashed by Michael Paul Coder that nothing could convince them otherwise. Some were even suggesting that the Quebec government website was fake! We won’t even comment on that one. The Quebec business registry website was down for maintenance this weekend, and we even saw comments saying “that’s convenient”, like we had something to do with the Quebec government’s website being down for maintenance! By this time, these few people were dissecting every little part of our project and imagining things that we’re there. Some people started seeing things like the angle at the logo on the headband, etc. Some people were even wondering if we pasted an image of a headband on my wife! We had bought a stock photo (the sleeping woman) from iStock and created a visual representation from it. Some people didn’t even realize that we intentionally created that image as a visual and believed that it was just another tactic to fool them. Some people even began saying that we stole the image of the sleeping woman on the net. One person even said he contacted our domain registrar, GoDaddy, to have them cancel our account. Like as if the domain names we own have ANYTHING to do with ANTHING! You can see how off course this whole thing was getting. Even though the ridiculousness had already gotten out of control by this time, we would still have continued using Kickstarter. However, on Monday morning, my wife logged in to her Facebook account to find harassing private messages. One of them saying “We know who you are and where you live”. But it doesn’t stop there. Some of you pretending to be from news agencies like CNN, etc, started calling my father who happens to have the same name as me. When we understood that ONE PERSON (a competitor) was capable of all this; taking this fun little project and brainwashing people to believe it’s fake, to the point of making these people harass my family, we decided that the unstable nature of crowdfunding and the type people it comprises was definitely not for us. Plus, all of these troublemakers kept a $1 contribution, which would have permitted them to harass us during the entire development & manufacturing process. We greatly apologize to the 2500+ backers who DID believe in our project. Rest assured that you will be receiving a $150 rebate from the $299 retail price when LUCI comes out in the spring. We are sorry that a handful of troublemakers ruined it for all of you, but we had no choice as they started harassing my family. So, we secured a loan equivalent to the projected amount of our campaign, and this from a SINGLE investor. This funded amount will be ample for us to complete the development of our product (in silence) and have it for sale at online retailers in the spring. Hi folks, Nice to see that you're still active with your little theories that have been addressed MANY times. Since this ridiculous discussion is still ongoing, we thought we'd create an automated sticky with all the points we've addressed. Craig, we buy all our stock photography from www.iStock.com. Best quality photos at the best price in our opinion. @Alexandre Dubé-Pakenham, that photo was already addressed and approved by Kickstarter before our project went live. It's a simple visualization of our product. They deemed it as acceptable as long as we don't use it as our project's main image. Thanks for pointing that out though. We have narrowed down our search for a circuit designer who will be capable of implementing the features you all asked for. We are very excited that these features are now plausible and we hope to deliver the best product possible in the spring! Please look out for our next update where we will be compiling a list of all the requested features. It will be the last chance to add things to the list before the project goes into full force. Thank you once again for all your support!!! @manoko, look at the updates section once in a while. A link to the quebec business registry is there. @Daryll, we away are on vacation. We have a home office! Okay, going around in circles. We will be posting our update of requested features on Wednesday. Thanks to all who are not buying into this nonsense. You will be receiving your LUCI's this spring as promised. :) @Alexandre, we are away from the office this week. @manoko. Your use of video software doesn't impress anybody here. The authorities have your REAL message. So does my wife. And so do I. @manoko, nice try. We only want pledges from people who are passionate about this project. If we end up with only $200,000 in funds from quality backers, we couldn't be happier. @Majid, that doesn't matter because we will be automatically refunding the pledges of everybody who is participating in this discussion. We just don't do business with people like that. @Manoko for harassing my family and denying it. No thanks. We certainly don't want people like that backing this project. We will concentrate on the other 2600 backers that are expecting a quality product in the spring. @tim, we are away from the office. All the materials and parts are sourced. The circuit designer is all but hired, and you are on your way to receiving your product in the spring. Enough already! @majid, read our latest update. We are away this week. @Manoko. Really? @Tim, all the comments and concerns have been addressed. If you feel this is a scam, you can certainly wait for LUCI to go on sale in the spring. :) Apart from a few people that have to be dealt with privately with the authorities because of their disgusting behavior, we are no longer responding to such claims. @Manoko, great photoshop job of your message to my wife. You and I both know what you wrote. @Manoko, you started all these crazy rumors and now you are harassing my wife in private! You can explain all this to the police. You have ABSOLUTELY NO BUSINESS using any other method of communication apart from this Kickstarter website, and you talk to ME. Not my wife, not my kids, not my mother, father, grandmother or anybody else. Now, if we cannot get back to discussing the development of our product, we won't have any choice but to seek our funding from another source. Exchanging comments on this forum is all nice and good, but some of you have begun harassing and threatening my family on Facebook with "we know where you live" messages. @Manoko and the others who have threatened and harassed my family, the police have been contacted. And we have let Kickstarter know about your disgusting behavior. This will NOT be tolerated! Unfortunately, we won't be anywhere near the office this week. Taking some well deserved time off with the family. But I will be taking the time to compile a complete list of requested features. We understand that every campaign has it's share of naysayers and doubters. It's all good and we won't be taking it personally. All part of the funding process! Have a great week everybody! And thanks again to all our supporters! #1: Don't know about the Kobe beef incident. #2: as soon as our project reached the $75,000 quarterly threshold for reporting GST/PST, we received a call from the revenue Quebec office in Laval. There are several news articles reporting that Kickstarter is currently being targeted by revenue Quebec and revenue canada. Both federal and provincial sales taxes are handled by revenue Quebec. It's been like that for many years. You live in Quebec and go to Université Laval. You should know this. #5: If you dig into the endless scam related comments, you will see that we have addressed all those issues. Curtrock, that was addressed last week. There is no fraud/scam option because Kickstarter does all that verification before the project goes live on their site. Revenue Quebec even called us to make sure that we'll be paying income tax on the amount funded. And to make sure we charge sales taxes to our Canadian backers. It is regretful that 3 out of 2600+ backers have been led to believe that this project is fake, etc, and have by themselves cast a shadow of doubt on something that was supposed to be a fun and unique way to collaborate and develop our product. It's doubtful that Kickstarter will forfeit their commission because 3 people are asking for extras with 70 hours to go, and with almost 3000 people who are expecting to receive a LUCI. Like we said, you are under no obligation to back this project and you may simply purchase LUCI at online retailers when it goes for sale in early spring. All available photos and videos of our prototype are on the project page. Thank you for your understanding. Alexandre, read below on the rubber pad issue. Your concern was already addressed. Alexandre, one of the PCB's appears at a different angle. All photos and videos intended for this project are already up on the site. Thank you for your understanding. *verify There's a photo of my wife wearing the prototype. Please very your browser settings if you have trouble seeing our project photos. Edward, the photos of the project are all on our project page. Please very your browser settings if you cannot see the images. If you click on the play button on the image, you will see our video. We have a video. Took us over a month to make. Alexandre, gold-experts.com is the American version of our web site goldexperts.ca. We even point to it from the goldexperts.ca site for our american visitors (below the sign up form). Albert. The two PCB's aren't at the same angle if you line up the original photo with the touched up one. Umm, goldpros.ca and goldexperts.ca both belong to us (check whois). Are we really talking about gold on this forum? They're rubber "pads" and we put them on after the photo was taken. After the wife noticed scratches all over her desk. lol Alexandre, I hope that you're kidding? Found the original photo. As I suspected, it was way over-exposed. But I put it up on the project page for you. Guess it won't hurt too much with 3 days to go. We put rubber pads we put on each corner to keep the soldered legs from scratching everything we put it on. However, I recall there being some flash issues when taking the picture making some details very bright and difficult to see. It's quite possible that the photo was tweaked for clarity. I'm not the photo person for this project, so I can't say much on that subject for now. Which "Photoshopped" photos are you referring to? Manoko, the (R) symbol is used for a registered trademark. The "TM" has no legal value. Exact Alexandre, Raffinor n'est plus en service. C'était un projet qui n'avait pas réussi. J'espère que tes recherches au registre des entreprises estomperons tes soucis. Dommage que le site n'est pas fonctionnel en ce moment. Mais celà n'est aucunement de notre faute. The 1-888 number was previously used for our gold recycling business. We no longer needed it for that purpose and switched it over to iWait. At this point, I have no choice but to file a harassment complaint with Kickstarter. Sorry people but this is getting out of hand. There's a photo of Martine wearing the prototype on her head. Please excuse the "lack of immediate response" on this Sunday spent with the wife and kids. ;) While Kickstarter recommends a personal video from the project's creator(s), this is not an obligation. Did it ever occur to any of you that some people just don't like to see themselves on video? Especially when it will be archived forever on this site. It took everything to get Martine's photo on the project page! lol Once again, you certainly don't have to back this project if you have any concerns. You can wait for the LUCI to come out on retail sites. It should be available for sale at roughly the same time as your rewards. So if you prefer waiting, no harm done. We ask that that you show respect to the people who's useful comments are being diluted with your conspiracy theories. With 3 days left in the campaign, we will only be discussing how to make the product better. That said, here are answers to some real questions... - Yes, we plan to add a wake-up alarm feature. - After all the comments, we will leave both batteries and AC power. - We will be using a dry electrode for the input (probably from G-Tec) - A clip for use with your own earphones will certainly be a viable option - An online database of audio files. Definitely doable and a wonderful suggestion from Lukas! - The USB port is pretty unavoidable at this point. Weather we will only be able to export raw data, or have a complete software application at the time of launch will have to be seen. - MP3 player: we will see with the circuit designer if we can simply ad an MP3 radio module to the main PCB. Awesome suggestions folks! Sorry that they are being buried by others on this forum. On the final day, we will compile a complete list of requested features and we'll see if we missed some. I'm very excited that we're turning this simple device into something so much more. Hopefully, it will become the gold standard in lucid dream induction! Morning folks! Nice to see that the tone has stabilized somewhat. However, please remember that this board should be used for discussing LUCI. That said, until the end of the campaign, we will only be responding to questions, comments and suggestions pertaining to the development of the device. Kicktraq has some cool stats and projections for all Kickstarter campaigns. You guys should check it out. <url>"he’s busy writing an algorithm that will detect REM sleep and play an audio track while he’s in a dream state to trigger a lucid dream." No, we will not be getting into that issue again. Michael's knowledge in the lucid dreaming industry, including Laberge's research, and his knowledge about how EEG's work, etc, makes me feel like he has a competing business or product. BTW, detecting eye movement with an EOG monitor was the very first thing we tried. The results were extremely inconsistent. And the reference electrode didn't need to be mentioned since it doesn't serve any purpose as for the input. We will still call LUCI a single-electrode device since it reads from only one electrode. Michael, we appreciate your knowledge in all this, but we've been developing this system for quite some time. You are grossly underestimating the amount of work and testing that has been done during that time. And quite frankly, it's a little insulting. With 4 days left in the campaign, we don't intend to create any more videos. And sorry, but I do not have any Facebook account or any other social media account for personal and family reasons that I will not be getting into on this public forum. I also forgot to mention another project in the works, called iWait (www.iwait.ca). It's a virtual waiting room that allows an ER patient to wait at home instead of the hospital where wait times in Canada are around 12 hours. You can see the copyright on the page as well as our WHOIS info pointing to me. Thanks for the suggestions. As mentioned in an earlier post, we intend to add an extra timer function for inducing a lucid dream. I suppose that we can try to implement a wake up alarm using the same technique. The second electrode is in the front and the very thin wire is hidden under the folded edge of the headband and comes down along the same wire as the main electrode. Can't see it in the photos. As for the sleep cycle analysis, a USB port will allow all that functionality. The hard part would be the development of the software. But as mentioned by someone in an earlier post, raw text data could probably be exported. There exists some open source EEG applications that may be able to import this data. We'll look into it and keep you updated. Sorry, the bio is indeed confusing. We just used GXP Technologies for simplicity. But we will modify it to mention that it's a "division" of Caluka Group. But then again, some of you will be thinking that we're trying to pass ourselves off as some international company. We never said that Infoclik and Anixa were still active businesses. Infoclik.ca was registered in 2008 and has since closed. Anixa.ca was registered in 2005 (I think) and was a short lived web hosting venture. If you don't feel comfortable backing us up at this time, you can simply purchase LUCI when it gets released through retailers. That said, let's get back to the product. Like we mentioned, we are actively looking for a very talented circuit designer that will be able to redesign the PCB. I will surely be able to program the extra needed code myself. An in all honesty, the code holds a lot of algorithms that I don't want the world world to have access to. So whatever I can program, I will. During this time, we will continue sourcing materials for the product and packaging. Once the PCB's done, we have to design the housing for it. The 80% is the average of all people. The charts we put up were for the initial results (ie. the first tester). I thought we had already answered this, but maybe it was to a private question. We had 6 testers, which consisted of family and friends. Nobody, except myself, had experienced lucid dreams before testing the prototypes. Yes, the average success rate was 80%. During the pre-production stage, we were planning on continuing to add updates on Kickstarter. We will certainly consider your suggestion of daily progress videos. For those of you who really wish to know, I went to school in electrical engineering in Quebec. After that, I followed a sound engineering program in Arizona. Then, I went on to web programming. From there, I learned to program in other languages, such as C, PHP, Java, VB and more. I launched several businesses during the past 15 years, including a computer consulting business (InfoClik) and a web hosting business (Anixa). And here we are today, with an idea that came to me in a dream, quite literally. :) Michael, the back of the head was chosen because for our tests, this is the area that provided the best results with the least amount of noise. We sample every square inch of the head, and the back of the head just behind the ear was the best spot for us. What we are checking for exactly in the brainwaves is a specific frequency range. Whoa there everyone... GXP Technologies is a business name we came up with especially for the development of the LUCI. When the product goes to market, we plan to market it under that business entity. You won't find any website simply because we haven't created one yet! We thought this would seem pretty obvious. Our registered business name is Caluka Group (as seen in our project's URL). You can find it in Quebec's business registry showing Wayne Kendall as the owner, with the full address, etc. <url>"alive" artificially. Once again, thank you for your great contributions! And yes, special thanks to vsauce2 for the YouTube video. It's the sole reason for the funding spike we've been seeing the last 2 days. • For the voice alert upon turning on the device, it just involves adding a couple lines of code to the microprocessor. Shouldn't be a problem. • Manoko, the sampling doesn't "reset" per se. Every second, it calculates the average frequency for the last 60 seconds. And when it sees that the average frequency for the last 60 seconds is in the REM sweet-spot, your alert will be triggered. • I really love the suggestion about customizing your alert to give you a direction to go. I think the sound file will be limited to a 3 minutes, so you will certainly be able to do that. Have a great day folks! Elad, there are no health concerns with the electrode. It receives information from your brain, it doesn't transmit it. The only thing being transmitted is sound to your earphones. So there are no health issues. Hey Folks! Very constructive comments and suggestions. Thanks! We are looking into the possibility of completely redesigning the device with your suggestions. Some things we never thought of now seem comnpletely necessary. We will keep you posted on how far we can take it. Here are some responses to your suggestions: • A power-on confirmation would be cool, but we'll probably keep it simple, like in the form of hearing your actual brainwaves for like 5 seconds when you turn it on. • For the external speakers options, you will be able to plug amplified speakers to the stereo jack. • I wouldn't pay attention to the naysayers. There will always be naysayers and skeptics about everything. There are some people even denying the existence of lucid dreams, even though half the population has already experienced at least one in their lifetimes! • We wanted to offer a set of 2 luci's and a set of 4, but Kickstarter made us remove them saying that we can't offer more than one of our product. In the set of 2, one of them was the original, and the other was a Limited Editions, and they still wouldn't accept it. • We've tested the headband on all head sizes, including children. If your head is really huge, maybe we could offer an extender, but you would have to cut the headband. The silicone material we will be using has an elasticity of 500%. • In order to avoid false alerts, the device will only trigger when it samples the desired frequency for 60 seconds non-stop. We experience 4-5 REM stages per night, each progressively longer, so there will be plenty of opportunities. The sensor will sample your brainwaves several times before determining that you're actually in REM sleep. This can take a few minutes. For the volume, our prototype already has 4 volume settings. So that's covered. :) As for the delayed alarm, we are definitely adding this. In case REM isn't detected via brainwaves, the alert will go off anyway at the time where you are most likely to be dreaming (basically like an alarm clock). It will give the system an extra chance to induce a lucid dream. Assuming we reach $300,000 in funding, that means 8 times more orders that we must fullfill. Since our profit margin is expected to be only around 20% per unit with this campaign, it's not feasible to think that we can redesign the entire device with the extra amount. Also, we would need to hire a software programmer to develop the program. Just his fees would surpass the amount we have on hand. Not to mention trying to respect our 3 month timeline. In all honesty, any extra money will probably be used towards better materials and packaging. For Bluetooth, we would love to add this feature, but due to the unit's proximity to the brain, we want to be extremely sure that there is no health risk. There will be a USB port, but it will be limited to installing a sound file for now. The English alert will be pre-installed by default. Output functionality to a computer is on the drawing table, but will require us to develop a software application. Hi Guys! Please note that most questions are answered in the form of updates. For the Limited Edition headband, you can rest assured that it will not be made available after Kickstarter. You will still have a unique version that won't be available for sale anywhere. Also, some of you have submitted pledges with the condition that we offer extra features, such as multiple languages, etc. While we are trying our best to accomodate the most popular demands, we can't make any promises that there will be multiple languages, a USB port, wireless or anything else that is not in the description or updates. Please do not back the project if you aren't ready to accept the product as described. Over 80% of the private messages we receive are already answered in our FAQ. If you have not received an answer to your question, we suggest you check out our FAQ. Thank you for all your comments. We will be putting a table of test results later this week, or early next week. But I assure you that this little device exceeds our expectations. There will be a volume setting to adjust the voice to your liking. But to be honest, the test results don't show much difference between settings, meaning that you're likely to hear the voice at its lowest setting and the loudest setting probably won't wake you up. If you're in a dream, your brain will naturally want to stay in that stage. We will start compiling a FAQ. :) KuTub, there is no technical difference in any of our models. Tyler, that would be a nice idea. I have actually used an app on my smartphone that does exactly that, wakes you up at the optimal time. I recommended it to many friends. I don't know why we didn't think about it sooner. We will definitely be talking about it at our next meeting. Thank you for all your support! Here are the answers to your questions so far... - The pledge amount includes shipping worldwide - Depending on the amount of funds, we plan on implementing a USB port which will allow you to customize the message. - The amplifier will be small enough to be worn on you or sit on a night table. - The dry electodes are quite comfortable. While they look pointy, the "points" are closely dispersed, so you feel only a single object on your head. And after a few minutes, you don't feel it at all. - If you still have a need to be aware of the outside environment, you can wear only one earbud. - We plan on perforating the silicone to make it breathable. The system itself doesn't get hot since the electronics aren't on the headband. I never got mine. WTF? @Matt Wiseman Of course there isn't, they failed to scam everyone, no need to spend anymore time on this for "GXP". I love the fact that there's not even a coming soon page up somewhere saying that this is a real thing. And another 3 months go by! GPX ROT IN HELL! Drama queen! @Manoko Well said, couldn't have put it better myself if I was in your situation! :) Manoko don't take it personal. There are a few of us who are thankful to you for saving us 150 dollars each. Some people seriously need to learn how to apply basic logic in life and see things objectively. Fact is, if Lucy existed then GXP would have posted a video as proof but what we got instead was photoshop, surprise vacation right before deadline, removal of campaign prior to being kicked by kickstarter for violation of kickstarter policy etc-. Nobody in their right mind would NOT accept 363,302 dollars unless it was illegal in the first place (The hammer of justice was about to crack them wide open). The finale with the phantom backer was so hilarious it is astounding how many people actually fell for it. Cheers Big thanks to manoko and all the others who helped get word of this scam out. I'm relatively new to this KS business so thanks for saving me (and a everyone else) a lot of grief. We're on the last day of February. This is a simple sentence, that I will dedicate to everyone who insulted me for no reason, who told me pretty nice things like "shut the f*ck up Manoko", or told me to get the f*ck out. It is also for anyone believing GXP without any proof and saying we (those doubting GXP) were simply trying to take the Kickstarter down because we wanted to sell another product or another genius ideas. This is also for Wayne Kendall and his wife, the two most horrible people I've ever interacted with in all my life. They were ready to take your money to take a prolonged holiday. They also insulted me by calling me a liar multiple times, said that I threatened them on facebook. Everything coming out of their mouths was pure garbage, and some of you continued eat their vomit, even when they were so desperate that they started calling their own backers "liars". F*ck to everyone who insulted me and said that I was full of sh*t, I spent horrible days and nights thinking about your hurtful words even though I was convinced I was right to continue to come here (with others) and continue to warn everyone for them to not give any cent of their hard-earned money to garbage people like Wayne Kendall and his wife. I am sorry if this comes a little harsh, I just wanted to say it. I just hope I never have to bear with that much idiocy ever again. I wasn't the one shopping the photo, I wasn't the one refusing to post any other photo or a simple video, I wasn't the one who was afraid of making my identity known. Yet some of you geniuses were insulting me, and I truly hate you for that and hope that you feel pretty bad now, seeing that you clearly lack a lot, and I really mean a lot, of intelligence. "The device is still scheduled for release in February." You had 3 months to save face. Post a video of your prototype of GTFO with your scam! So here we are, almost done February, has anyone heard from them since? Just pre-order the Aurora from iWinks instead. Anyway I don't get why you didn't just back them after luci in the first place, if you wanted it so bad.. they were not necessarily cheaper but definitely better in every possible way whatsoever. Now you're too late and have to pay extra^_^ I'm sorry for being mean Manoko, it's just I really want it to be real because for forever I've wanted to have dreams feel real and be under my control, then I found out it is a real thing, it got my so exited and I really want to see it come true. But we will see what people say when it comes out on February 3rd which is tomorrow. Anyway, sorry for being disrespectful to you. You're entitled to your opinions, but seeing people saying that I was "trouble" and still hoping for their LUCI to come infuriates me, after all all of us here doubting GXP have been through, from both people like you who hated us for doubting, and GXP itself wanting to make our voices quiet. Doesn't it concerns you that they gave absolutely no news since ? Why would they want to lose so much money, not contacting the backers to make them pre-order their LUCI as soon as they can ? Doesn't all of this raise question, why would somebody who wants to sell a product actually does nothing to sell it ? Please, pretty please, for once, ask yourself questions, don't believe them simply because they are "GXP Technologies", and I am merely "Manoko", a backer. Think for yourself, don't let them, or myself, dictate you what is lies and what is the truth. You will do yourself, and the world, a huge favor with that intellectual honesty. I know they are laughing right now when they see comments like yours, that, even after this debate, everything odd we found and absolutely no proofs from them, people like you continue to believe in them simply because they a have a fancy name and run a Kickstarter campaign. This is really ridiculous, and goes a long way to show how some people instinctively follow what they see as authority, without questionning it whatsoever. You're a step ahead though on that list, because we gave you all the elements to question GXP claims and GXP gave you nothing in return to counter our point, and yet you're still firmly believing. What do you make of the absolute lack of news/updates/comments from them since the campaign started ? Wasn't the LUCI supposed to ship in february ? Are you sure you have a functionning brain up there ? "another founder wouldn't fund them if it was fake" They just say that, without saying who it is, and you believe it ? Because they are saying it, man you are naive... They cancelled the project because they knew that they would be in trouble now that we knew who they really are, and we could pursue legal actions against them if it was a scam. Yeah right, the photo couldn't have been photoshopped ? Are you serious ? Please, pretty please, open your eyes. "gave our money back " You never gave them your money, those kinds of statements show how little you know about Kickstarter in general, and hints at how ignorant you are on this situation you hate me for. Pressure not pleasure. Oops If this was all a scam they wouldn't of canceled the project and gave our money back and another founder wouldn't fund them if it was fake. So I don't see how you all think it's fake. I've looked at everything and the one photo couldn't of been photoshopped, and some of you guys were a little to harsh on these people, making them under pleasure and stress, maybe that's why they didn't make a video or other things you all yelled at them to do, especially you Manoko, all I've seen out of you is trubble. It amazes me how naive you guys are. With absolutely no news from GXP, plus the concerns voiced during the campaign that ultimately led to its end, and there you are still thinking you'll get a headband. This is beyond me... Maybe GXP Technologies is new to advertising ( all companies started like this ) and they didn't know that there were expectations from the backers. I would of done the same thing. I have one question though. Where is it going to be sold when it comes out? ive also been looking at the aurora and it might be a better product, if it is consistently inducing lucid dreaming, they don't specify how consistent. I will wait till after feb 3 to see if luci is selling and what people have said about it. if people say it doesn't work or something like that I will buy the aurora. if luci has good reviews when it ships I will buy it. people on redit and on here say that the 1 electrode cant work. but there using a dry eeg electrode which doesn't need skin contact and with the amplifier, it can be worn over hair. nerosky has products with the same stuff and the famous Necomimi Brainwave Cat Ears from think geek use the same stuff as well and are a real product. im a backer and like there update so I will get my luci for 150 dollars and all the people that say its fake will be wishing they didn't have to pay 300 for it if they decide to buy it. @Cody, the project funding was canceled and you've not been charged. And no, you won't get your headband. I'm confused, do I still get my headband in the mail? So, how many of these geniuses telling me to shut up back then are still thinking LUCI is a real product ? Any news from GXP, did you get your discount as promised ? This is pathetic. Seriously, I hope all of the people who blindly put their faith in GXP, without an ounce of critical thinking, are kicking themselves at the moment for simply being plain stupid. Merry Christmas everyone! Sweet dream! <url>"if") they release a retail version of this at some point, they want to offer the original Kickstarter backers the original price of $175 rather than force them to pay the full retail price of $299. So basically, once (again, read "if") they release the retail version, you should still be able to purchase one at the $175 price level (as if you got it on Kickstarter). So, if I understand well... my 175$ backing of this kickstarter went from being worth 1 complete Limited Edition LUCI, to _possibly_ "a 175$ rebate" on a full price $299 LUCI? I think not. Speaking of the weather.. There was hail here yesterday in Ottawa, ON Canada :( So does anyone know if the1605 people who liked the newest update actually going to be able to buy it? Or am I too trusting.... That´s why: <url>"Straw Man" distraction from what is really going on (the fact that many backers are starting to realize that the images of LUCI are fake). @Terence Are you sure about that ? GXP said many times that they contacted the police, but it was obviously false since nobody contacting me other from journalists. If this is true, this is awesome. :D I like to imagine whats-his-face from GXP franticly trying to create a "prototype" on photoshop, and or actually cutting up a swim cap and trying to make it look like it does in the picture. And failing. @ Terence. Oh yeah? Good, I hope they fu_k GXP with the long di_k of the law. Manoko I'm glad you understand, please enforce this rule to keep it about GXP (especially since the police is investigating this forum). Cheers @ Terence I guess you are right. It's just a shame that so many people will likely be disappointed believing they still need to wait very long for another lucid dreaming induction device to come to Kickstarter. I was very sad when I started to know that LUCI was a scam, I would have loved somebody to tell me that there is another one in the works, far more transparent and interesting. It's exactly what happened and I can't tell you how happy I was when I stumbled upon Aurora. But hey, you're very right in saying that this campaign page should be about LUCI and GXP. @Manoka, I started agreeing with you and the doubters after "Email Update 19" I thought, who in there right mind would take a sudden vacation and cancel kickstarter support 72 hours prior to a 400,000 dollar deal but what really got me was the fact they took this sudden vacation only AFTER all of you started asking for a real pic or video of LUCI (due to the photoshop allegations). Pure insult to our intelligence! (and don't get me started regarding email update 22 where they suddenly claim to have the prototype again but decided to only show it to some phantom backer). They don't want to show us for 400k but want to show it to a phantom backer? lol Clearly kickstarter was moments away from shutting them down!!!! However I DO NOT agree with you or anyone mentioning an other product here because that is taking advantage of a terrible situation not to mention opening up the door to copy cat scams. This forum should ONLY be used to protect people from a repeated scam attempt by GXP or any copy cat attempt! Cheers It saddens me because I know that you guys are missing out. Aurora is an even better product that LUCI was supposed to be (for approximately the same price), the iWinks team are amazing people completely open about their work and extremely transparent. If you would have loved to have LUCI, there is no way that Aurora doesn't fits this desire. @Terence and Tony Well, they obviously have posted far more picture of their prototypes than GXP, you can verify their sources (they work with sleep clinics if I recall correctly), you can talk to the creators on facebook as well as send them emails they will reply to. I can understand that you have trouble believing in another product like LUCI, but these guys are nothing like GXP, and if you took a look for one second at what they are doing and the amount of work they gladly display for anyone to see, you'd say otherwise. Please don't judge them simply because GXP was a scam artist. Nobody deserves such uninformed assumptions about themselves. Terence is 100% correct! I'm done with this hype. Moving on... Anthony after this shitstorm I would not trust ANY company trying to sell such a device on kickstarter! (imagine the 100s of scam artists who are now hungry to copycat the GXP playbook to acquire half a million). I would wait until a well known company has reviewed such a device first prior to investment ; ) Hey look at the Aurora @GXP, they have multiple pics of their prototype and the kickstarter campaign didn't even start yet! And no body even had to beg Lmao Oh well its there for now anyway @Ross Simmonds Well, this is the link I wasn't sure Kickstarter would allow to share here. Next time, I won't hesitate. Guys, this is indeed the best way to be notified when the campaign launches. :) Get notified when it launches <url>"And then they act as if Manoko is in the wrong. Unbelievable. If GXP followed the TOS of the very website they where on, there would be no case. The onus is and was always on GXP to follow Kickstarters' rules for crowdfunding. It's no ones fault but their own that they failed this. Besmirching Manoko's reputation to save face doesn't change this fact." Thanks a lot, I hate them for spiting on my reputation when all I was doing was making them aware that, if it is indeed a fraud, they couldn't win that easily because we knew whey are. I came here to poop a little If anyone is looking for a REAL Lucid dream project, check out iwinks.org, I found them in the comments section and they are going live on kickstarter in a "week or two" (per an email I sent them). Unlike Luci, they have pictures of the project, names of the people involved, and are transparent as possible, and will be priced near what Luci was asking for. Oh, not to mention it will have LED's and be connected via Bluetooth. According to a comment by backer Emily OLeary (Cognitive Science Ph.D. student) "The thing about measuring EEG data is that you need two electrodes at a minimum. One channel in traditional EEG is two electrodes (although it can be three, positive, negative, and ground for some single-channel recordings)." On the sketch and photoshop image of LUCI only 1 electrode is applied to the design. Cheers ***Status Quo*** (These are all facts that have been backed up by screenshots in this forum) - GXP has violated kickstarter guidelines by not presenting a real working prototype - GXP has violated kickstarter guidelines by using photoshopped pictures (fakes) - Kickstarter community became aware and asked for a REAL picture or a short video to prove that LUCI is real since GXP was 3 days away from receiving almost half a million dollars. Shockingly instead of showing their investors the prototype they decided to take a sudden vacation (email update 19) thus will not be able to take a picture of the prototype since it was locked away in the office. (After this update I became suspicious myself thus started taking part of the forum community). - GXP was asked to use one of the pics that the inventor had on his phone. GXP ignored the request. - GXP was asked to access their sent email server to pull an old sent image (surely they must have sent an image of their invention to someone). GXP ignored the request. - At this point the forum became even more suspicious thus started filing complaints hence the sudden 35,000-40,000 dollar drop since backers started pulling out. So when asked for an image or video they take a sudden vacation claiming no access to the prototype. When asked to share a pic from their phone or email server, they refused. Now suddenly they send us an email (email update 22) that they DID have the prototype with them the whole time but decided to reject 400,000 dollars (and screw over 2,569 customers) for a single backer. Well this alone proves they lied to us (not having access to prototype, suddenly having access to prototype) besides proves that they can't be trusted! This entire firestorm could have been put out with a drop of honesty (showing us the prototype in a 5 second video hence proving that the photoshop allegations were false). At this point GXP still has not presented the prototype (just photoshop images that violate kickstarter guidelines. As a true supporter of this project, it saddens me : ( News Agency in Quebec: <url>"We all wear masks, but the time comes when we cannot remove them without removing our own skin." - Andre Berthiaume :P Well I sent a long PM to GXP yesterday basically asking them what on earth was going on, at the same time as going into depth about what they did to cause this. They still haven't replied, either they're busy with PMs, they've gone already, they can't be bothered to look at anything to do with the project, or they saw it and didn't want to reply to it. I sincerely hope it's not the last one. @Skirge01 Yes you're right, we can't say for sure that this was a scam. Though, everything's pointing to this conclusion, and GXP never made a single move proving that it was a real project. This IS my last post on here, as well as my last visit to the comments. I can't believe this poor horse is still being beaten. I'll repeat that I dropped my pledge to $1 as a result of the findings and I am quite skeptical about the company and the product. I also will not be buying it until it is reviewed by multiple, reputable sources. However, let's review the facts, shall we? The claim is that LUCI is a scam. The proof offered for this is a bunch of Photoshopped images and the fact that GXP has not shown a working prototype, which they claim they have. While I am not a lawyer, let's look at this evidence and see what's actually PROVEN: Here are the FACTS I'm aware of: 1. At least some images were Photoshopped. 2. At least one image was changed. 3. No working prototype has been shown. 4. The owners wanted to go on vacation during the last days of the KS. 5. A number of backers weren't impressed (understatement) with how the KS was run. Does the combination of the above raise serious suspicions? Absolutely! Does the combination of the above PROVE that LUCI is a scam? Not a chance. No one here can PROVE that LUCI is a scam any more than anyone other than GXP can PROVE it's not. "Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence." --Carl Sagan @Rudolf Nope. Is there a picture of LUCI up yet? Come on guys; Wake up. It's a SCAM ... And @KickStarter : PLEASE REMOVE LUCI and the creator completely from kickstarter, before someone actually trusts this guy and sends him money in feb. when the product is supposed to be shipped. @Greg well written, I think everyone should be thinking in that mind frame! Check <url>#comment-5015335 This was before the photoshop scandal. The reason we stayed at $1 instead of cancelling is because we were willing to go back up to $150 if you provided sufficient evidence that this was a genuine product. To backers asking for a refund: No, you won't be getting refunds, because kickstarter doesn't charge you until the project completes successfully - you have not been charged. @GXP Canceling the campaign allows you to still make updates. I applaud this. Because, you said after Friday you could get pictures of your prototype, right? Due to your vacation. So now you have ample time to prove everyone wrong and post pictures to your Two-Thousand, five-hundred and sixty nine (2, 569) strong mailing list you have as a captive audience. Did anyone actually bother to read section "RISKS" at the end of the LUCI advertisement? "We shall not be held legally or financially responsible under any circumstances. As a backer, you accept these terms and conditions. It appears to have been a scam from day one. According to Kickstarter guidelines a company must present a prototype to start a kickstarter campaign "Projects must show details (photos, videos, sketches) of their progress so far, along with a PROTOTYPE demonstrating the product's current functionality. Photorealistic renderings and simulations that could be mistaken for finished products or real events, however, are not allowed." GXP passed off a fake picture of the prototype created on photoshop hence was able to get this campaign going all the way up to 400,000 dollars. Some clever people in the forum realised the pics are completely fake hence raised their concerns in this forum. GXP tried to be clever by switching the silly photoshop pic with a newer photoshop pic but were caught red handed (Here a recap of them getting caught in the act with screenshots (<url>"naysayers" were going to loose this fight, there was no way were were even coming close to getting this project down below $40,000. It was not going to happen. The best that I thought it would get was to down around $300,000. That's still what? $260,000 OVER what their goal was. So sit back, and think really hard about that. Was it because they were really mad at the "naysayers"? Was it because they found someone so rich, that they were going to hand them ~$300,000 for less than 9%, for a product that they only had a goal of $40,000 on? @Joe There was nothing to be prepared for to prove it was real. 1) Take out phone/camera 2) Point at LUCI prototype 3) Hit shutter button (either capacitive or not) 4) If phone is rather new, hit available 'Share' button and obtain link 5) Post link here 6) Stop crying from the amount of work required to do said procedure I read Manoko's article about the pictures and GXP's responses to said issues. They obviously don't have a prototype(still no picture or video), which means there was never any real R&D. The fact that they were so shady about all of this is what concerns me. Now, they have proof that people are very interested. That is all you need to squeeze money out of people. Their 'safe' gamble now is to make something, anything, that resembles LUCI and sell it. It doesn't have to actually 'work'. The placebo effect will be very strong with costumers. If you 'believe' it's working, then it is. If you don't believe, they can just say "keep trying". If you want to return it, (looking back here for how they handle customer service) then you will get the run around when trying to get your money back. I'd like to thank everyone involved in pushing GXP to prove there product was real. I would also like to thank GXP for being terrible at photoshop and not being prepared to prove LUCI was real. @GXP I only contacted GoDaddy to pull an investigation on alongside with Kickstarter into this product. I explicitly asked them to contact KS. The main reason being, if other potential customers see your website being pulled or down for investigation it would have prevented further pledges. On top of which, you can still put up a site right now for 'loyal' backers and still scam their money directly. Holding a domain is power. I run a web hosting company, and I own tons of domains. I know what an impact a simple site can have on a person. For example, you could just run the retail online store as explained above and these customers would in no way see these negative comments unless they looked this up on KS. Also, let's not forget your <email> not working? No. ALL WE WANTED WAS A PICTURE/VIDEO PROOF OF SAID PRODUCT. KS demands a prototype to exist for a campaign to begin. Had you posted a real picture/video it would have all subsided? It's really simple. You couldn't snap a simple picture/video but you can arrange to have a face to face meeting with another backer? While on vacation? You are the definition of SKETCHY. If LUCI exists, congrats to you. But singlehandedly you managed to lose the trust of 90% of your backers simply over not providing PROOF of WHAT WE'RE BACKING. I want to go to sleep at night knowing that you didn't just scam $400k. Because that was what I was feeling! I want to know mine and other's money is safely invested. WE ARE INVESTING INTO YOUR PRODUCT. THE LEAST WE WANTED WAS A FRIGGIN PICTURE/VIDEO. I don't care what others have to say, or what you have to say. It was simply PROOF we wanted. Now riddle me this: Why couldn't you provide the picture/video yet manage to arrange a face to face with a single backer? Hmm, perhaps you still own those old flip phones without a camera eh? Anyone else find this Ray Simpson a big nuisance on update #24? It's actually kind of funny dealing with him because he's got such a big ego whether its a scam or not, i didnt lose any money and if it is real i would be happy to purchase it for $150 later As a backer, I'm incredibly disappointed in: 1) That this team drums up excitement, draws in a substantial amount of my time, convinces me to back them, and then takes their product down from kickstarter. That's enough for me to lose faith in this product and the team behind it. Consistency, loyalty, integrity. Pretty simple.... 2) Bad press...I don't have time to legitimize these claims. They create too much risk and so I would have removed my backing anyways. 3) The way GXP handled responses to these claims was slightly unprofessional and...immature is the only word that comes to mind. Keep it classy...if the claims have no basis then don't pay them so much credit. I only read a handful of responses that came in the past few days via email and they were laughable. If you're product is legitimate...good luck. (Quote for GXP's claims taken from Update #23) CLAIM: "Michael Paul Coder, who is developing his own lucid dreaming headband with audio alerts" FACT: Michael Paul Coder has worked on his own OPEN SOURCE device. CLAIM: "We confirmed several times that, indeed, we did superimpose our logo and pcb to add clarity to the original washed-out image." FACT: Lies. Besides initially denying at all that there was any photo-manipulation done, even the new, "original washed-out image" is obviously a product of photoshopping. CLAIM: "Even after trying to clear the air by posting the original photograph along with a side-by-side comparison" FACT: An "original photograph" that had a PCB board with physically impossible dimensions, and lighting conditions on the rest of the photo that simply doesn't match. CLAIM: "These few users were so heavily brainwashed by Michael Paul Coder that nothing could convince them otherwise." FACT: Never mind that the biggest skeptics of the project were those who were originally the biggest supporters... Who only became more skeptical because of GXP's utter refusal to post just a few untouched photos that could easily be taken of the prototype, which GXP originally refused to post supposedly because they were going on a "family vacation" (see Update #19). Now the story has changed to them meeting a private investor with the working prototype, the very working prototype that GXP refused to take photos of to relieve our concerns. @GXP - The Lono project shows a REAL prototype: <url>"believing the lies of GXP" or "throwing away your money". This is simply not the case. Again, I am adopting a position of WAIT AND SEE. I can't stress enough. Nobody is going to get a penny from me until they can ABSOLUTELY PROVE that their products exists, and works. Sorry, one of my sentences below is confusing. Should say: "Doesn't change the fact that the basic principle behind the product SEEMS sound, and doesn't mean they can't turn things around now." Terence, fair enough. It's possible they've been less than honest up until now. Maybe they were only at the design stage and tried to appear like they had a working prototype. Doesn't mean that the basic principle SEEMS sound, and they can't turn things around now. Can you see an issue with just waiting to see if a product is eventually made, confirming it's real, and if so, buying it? To be clear, I won't give them any money until a reputable news source confirms the product exists and works. Where's my risk here? What do I have to lose? I'm leaving, a lot of us have warned you guys, but in the end you are indeed free to take GXP's words as proof. And I apologize for giving the impression of not respecting your choice. Andrew the forum proved LUCI to be a fake. As of now a picture of LUCI still doesn't exist! @Andrew Yes, it is another product far more transparent than this one. I pointed at it after the campaign was canceled and because a lot of people were disappointed to see their hope for a lucid dream inducer wiped away. Remember that it was before that GXP came back here to say they are still developing the project. Manoko, I'm pretty sure I saw a comment from you pointing to iwinks.org, which is another product? If not, apologies. Nonetheless, changes nothing from my perspective. I am neutral, and will wait and see if a real product comes out. If not, and everything you say about GXP is true, oh well. I'm no worse off then I am now. I really don't see an issue with my perspective. @monoko I believe your truthful from heart if people want to believe in hype then let them if want believe on blind faith let them if they want to be scammed out of there money let them you have given them facts up to them believe what ever they want. Goodbye everyone, goodbye GXP. I'll still come take a look if GXP is still lying about me, about the "threats". I gotta find the first occasion they give me to make a facebook group to sue them and make the truth be known to everybody. Alright, for the backers that are aware of the facts, here's the last message which really deserves to be seen. I made it short on purpose: FACTS: Summary : <url>çois... It could be that GXP believes in their eventual product but have been slow to start developing it. When pressed for pictures, they took the dishonest road and photoshopped something up. I think the photoshop gimmick was disrespectful and insulting to our intelligence. How hard is it to take a few pictures??? I won't be here anymore trying to prove anything. I'm done. GXP, if you still spread lies behind my back, I can't do a thing about it. However, if those are about me directly, like the fact that I "threatened" your wife on facebook, I can easily contact the police and will do it, I don't want you spitting on me and my name. @Cody, you're back again ? great!.. now please tell us more about what you found, and why GXT refused to upload pictures of the product they claimed they had. @Qwickset I must be in the same state of mind. I honestly do not know why I am still here. I feel though our work here is done. It was a pleasure talking to you, and other backers, to face GXP and their lies united. @Manoko: I just asked myself, "why am I back in the comments section?" I guess it's like a train wreck...that just keeps on rolling along the tracks....I can't look away and am amazed that it's still moving. @Andrew I am still there because they keep insulting me of being a liar, and uninformed people are taking their words for the truth. I am in now way related to any project, this is completely made up by GXP to discredit everything I say. They give you no link whatsoever to prove this, no name of any product, and yet you believe them ? This is beyond me. I'll start doing what they are doing, maybe it will work: GXP is a scam. There, no link, no reference. Is it working ? No, and you would be smart to not believe only words. In what way is it any different from what GXP is doing ?! I've researched this for a while and I have concluded that this is real and keep up the good work. And I can't wait to get mine :) Your post has definitely given me reason to be skeptical. But make no mistake Manoko: While I appreciate that your actions led to this result(allowing me to wait and see if an actual product materializes in a risk-free manner)I am equally as skeptical of YOU. If you believe it's a scam, great. You won. The Kickstarter is cancelled. Move on with your life. Your money is secure, so why are you still here? Do you expect me to believe you're all over the comments, fighting GXP, putting all this effort out of the goodness of your heart? I WILL check out the competing product you're advertising in some comments, because that just makes sense as a consumer. But the fact that you ARE pushing people to a different product leads me to be equally as suspicious of you as I am of GXP. I don't trust anyone. I think your comments led to the best possible outcome: the Kickstarter being cancelled, with the possibility of the product still being made. But a suspicious Kickstarter is not going to make me blindly leap into the arms of a competitor. To boil it down: Whoever makes the best product, at the best value, will get my money. And now I can wait and see, risk-free, who that is. Thanks for that. @Andrew McLean There is no harm in waiting to see if they put a product on shelves in the spring. Why would you think there was? Manoko saved Christmas! Quite literally cus now I can buy something for my family. Thank you very much to you and all the brave vigilantes out there! Andrew the harm is already done. GXP proved that it was possible to scam 400,000 on kickstarter based on a photoshop pic. The reason they didn't get away with it was due this last minute dispute (<url>"Even today, @manoko who is one of the people who harassed my wife via Facebook is still spreading lies about our "fake company"." Oh, My God... Please stop telling everyone I harassed your wife on facebook, or I'll contact the authorities for defamation. They can and will see the real facebook message. Guys, those are my messages: <url>"evidence" thus far, while causing me to have some doubts, doesn't seem absolutely damning. All in all, my advice to everyone: wait and see. I see this thread is still active, and there are still some people expecting that they will get their LUCIs in the spring. I hope you do, I really do. You all do seem to be forgetting a few things if you still have faith in this company though... The only thing they needed to do to rectify the situation was take a legitimate photo or, preferably, video of the actual prototype unit they say they had. They refused. No investor puts there money into something they have no proof of concept for. We had already invested our money and they STILL would not show us the unit. They would not show us pictures or videos of themselves with the unit. Would you ever give your money to someone who refuses to let you see them and know who they are? I sure wouldn't. May as well give your cash to the shady character in the alleyway and ask him to invest it in the stock market for you. As a matter of fact, they actively tried to hide from us. When we found his Facebook profile it was promptly deleted. Now, about the Photoshop fiasco... I understand that images can be altered to convey the creator's image of the final product. That is all well and good. But they never told us they were altered images to portray their vision of the final product. As a matter of fact, before they made numerous edits to their campaign site they were telling us they were real photos of the real prototype. They admitted that the image of their prototype was altered and then put up an image of what they said was the real prototype unit. The problem? That image was just altered even further than the first image. They were lying to the people who were giving them money, pretty much the definition of a scam. These are only some of the red flags and PR disasters that were involved in this KS campaign. Whether there really is a LUCI or not, I have no clue. But you were being scammed either way. If you are willing to back and fund a company that has this bad of PR and has absolutely no understanding of their relationship and obligations to investors, then all the more power to you but I certainly am not. Please look for these types of scenarios in any future investments you get involved in, don't just trust people blindly. There are a lot of wolves out there. @Leslie But the point is the forum DID research and investigate hence the reason why we get to keep our $150 pledges! Read the recap that has been posted here by others ( <url>"loyal backers" to come back my product too. Do I have any research? No. Do I have any pictures? No. Am I going to go on vacation 60 hours before the end of fundraising? YES! I'm still hopeful about this device and I look forward to the spring release and the option to buy at my $150 rate. Since no one has been scammed here I fail to see why everyone is crying here. A quick search does show that an M Coder is playing with Lucid Dream concepts so if he is bad mouthing this project it could be that he sees it as a threat to his product and I find it plausible that he is attempting to block the release. As for the 'bully' who is attacking via facebook, please report that action to facebook and the authorities, if that threat is serious it should be addressed. @Leslie Keep waiting. Hehe. Canceled, huh? Great. Good job, fellas. All you guys bashing this project as a scam, please do more research first. I personally stuck with them through the entire process and I will be waiting for my Lucid Dream Inducer The campaign was PROVEN to be a scam (the photo of the prototype turned out to be a fake). The forum asked GXP to prove that it isn't a scam by providing a pic or vid of the prototype prior to pledge deadline. Instead of providing proof of LUCI GXP (a pic or video) they decided to go on vacation only returning after pledge deadline (hence they have our money without liability). They also claimed there was NO WAY to provided a pic of LUCI during their vacation which is unbelievable. Now they claim they had the prototype with them to show another investor (obvious excuse since they claimed the to have no access to the prototype when asked to photograph it). Apply LOGIC. The Wall Street Journal made an article about this scam ( <url>"I promised my kids I'd take them to disney land, my family is more important than money", just be up front and honest. Saying "By this time, there was nothing we could do or say that could change the minds of these vulnerable people" is kind of an insult isn't it? You're saying that as if you made every effort to please your backers, the "something" you could have said or done was post pictures, post valid details about your project, post something more than "it's real it'll come out in spring. Just trust us". The kind of projects that source this kind of money are proud of the progress they've made, they post valid updates to their backers because they owe EVERYTHING to their backers. When I say they owe EVERYTHING to their backers I really mean it too. If it is the case that you found a single investor, good for you. I wish you all the luck in the world. But even that being the case you still completely owe that to these backers, the good and bad of them, because they are who made your project what it is today. Real or fake YOUR BACKERS are the ones who gave this project attention. Without them you'd just be a sad project at the bottom of the page. All of this being said, audio signal dream inducers have been around for something like 20 years, the reason they're not more popular is because there's no good research saying that it's the best way to trigger a lucid dream. Don't be discouraged if this ends up not being real. The simple fact that it's been proven that there's a huge audience for this (forget the remee, that thing was kinda a sham too) is reason enough for a smart group of people to make something that actually does make a difference in the world of lucid dreaming. @Eetu - You aren't charged anything until the end of the campaign, so there is nothing to refund as you were never charged for your pledge level. The campaign has been canceled (thankfully) so you will not be charged anything and will not receive anything. For those looking for a refund: Can't get [refunded] if you [paid nothing]. [A hundred] percent of nothing is—let me do the math here. Nothing into nothin'. Carry the nothin'... Do only people at the 150 tier get rebates or everyone who backed? I was at 150 all the time but switched at the last minute to 1 dollar until all the drama was solved, then I was going to go back to 150 but you cancelled too early. In fact, I was the one who started the whole phone jack idea GXP is so full of crap! There was ONE thing asked of them, and that was to take a damn picture of their prototype and let us see. That's it. That's all that needed to be done. Somehow GXP could not make this happen, because "they were out of the office, and did not have the prototype with them" but were somehow able to show the prototype to a single private investor during this same time frame. GXP you're liars, you're scammers, you got caught red handed. Stop trying to save face. You lost 40k in backing, but still looked to make 350k+. The last hours of the kickstarter event should've been spent by YOU answering questions your INVESTORS had. If that meant taking pictures of your prototype and letting us see, then you should've done it. You can't even keep track of your lies. Do us all a huge favor, and go walk off a bridge. I for one am very disappointed but very happy that you allowed us to keep the rebate. I will certainly be purchasing one when it arrives and I wish you the very best of success and hope you crush your competitor. I hate **** tactics like that. Sorry but i'm a bit confused. Are we still getting our luci for the money we pledged or are we getting a refund or something? Hey, I'm glad that you guys decided to allow backers to receive a $150 rebate from the $299 retail price when LUCI comes out in the spring!! Personally, I was backing the Limited Edition Luci™ ••• A special black version of the Luci. If there is going to be a limited number of those made, is there any way previous backers could reserve one of those for a set time? (For instance, reserve limited editions for backers for a month, then after that month allow any consumer to purchase) Hi GXP! I want to note that I support your decision and greatly appreciate your promise of a rebate for those who are as excited about Luci as I am...considering all the "noise" of misled funders, it's pretty saintly of you. Cheers and good luck So are you going to release a video with your new contractor then? GXP Tech, I am dissappointed I don't get to be a part of your project, but i am still very much looking forward to your product. any chance you'll be considering a discount to those of us who where willing to put our faith / money behind your project? I don't care that people here are calling 'scam' or 'fake'. don't let it get to you - let your product do the talking. I assume you will be contacting the Wall Street Journal then to set the record straight and get them to print an apology? @GXP - Why continue trying to defend yourself? You're only making it worse. Gullible? Brainwashed? Wow you guys keep digging the hole deeper for yourselves, dont you? Just posted this on update #22: 'Right, a couple of things spring to mind reading this. Firstly, if you had actually bothered to fulfill some VERY simple requests made by your userbase, you wouldn't be in this situation right now, and the money would shortly be zipping to your company. However, you didn't so the sceptisism increased and here you are. Next, seeing as in my humble opinion it is your fault that we all became sceptic and you canceled the project, and with the minor chance that this really is a real product, you should seriously consider allowing us to purchase a LUCI at the price for which we were pledging at. We were all enthusiastic about this project and want a LUCI but you let us down by failing to show what any real project should have done by now. So, please, think on that.' It's quite ridiculous how this has gone and I highly doubt that LUCI really is real, but if it is it would be good. However, having just read the comments and seen this Aurora thing, I'm almost certainly going for that if it comes to Kickstarter simply because of the absolutely inexcusible userbase management presented by GXP on this project. thank you manoko!!! Manoko thanks for uncovering the scam (your posts have probably caused a lot of last minute complaints prior to pledge deadline). It's crazy that someone can make a fake kickstarter campaign (fake company, fake photoshop product pic etc) and still be able to steal 400,000 dollars without liability. This was the first and last product for me on kickstarter! This user's account has been deleted. Hehe, anyone noticed how he changed the comments next to the photo of that woman wearing a 'prototype'? The text at the top says: 'From our conceptual drawings and 3D models, we created something very close to what we had envisioned. The production model should look very close to this.' But the italicised writing underneath says: 'Marty wearing the latest prototype, getting ready for bed. Sorry Marty, no phones allowed! ;)' Sort of contradict don't you think? :P <url>"naysayers" that tried to break the wall of lies that GXP built, thank you for listening to us and think with logic. Nothing would have been the same, and maybe even GXP would have flee into the wild with your money, if you weren't so relentlessly asking them new photos to prove that all of this isn't fake (which, basically as you know it now, is, since they never took others photos). I'll see you guys on the Aurora Kickstarer when it launches soon. Visit iWinks.org if you want more information, as well as a facebook page to follow to avoid missing them going live in this very website we all love (despite assholes like Wayne Kendall and his wife). This was my first time backing something on kickstarter. It won't be my last. However, why come off like such dicks in your email? I feel bad for backing you asshats. Crash and burn please. @Jean-Francois you sir, are a class act for trolls. I was very offended by your attitude. Asked for help in a group and by the time things worked out for you, all forgotten. I never imagined that there were still people like that. Much less to ask for help at all, and then are helped discard ... It's unfortunate for me to realize that you were only interested in money ... You can be sure that I will not buy another product from you and this spot the name of Kickstarter I as well want to thank Manoko and all the rest who worked so hard to save us our money. I had real faith in this project and I suppose I was blinded by the idea of such a cool product. But thankfully I have been saved 150$ Now I get to go forward and find my "true first" project on Kickstarter to back. Hell who knows, maybe someone else will make a product like this one day on here, I would be proud to back the idea again. Thanks manoko and the rest of the gang who expose the scam!!! I shall save my money for Iwinks instead. Wow, that is too bad. I was really looking forward to this for $150. I probably won't be buying it for $300 but good luck in the future GXP. It is too bad that a few people have to ruin it for everybody. It seemed like a really cool product. I hope it works like you tested it and the reviews are good. <url>"Jean-François" is back !! @JF : They will post pictures of their prototype when asked to.. @Dragonbait. iWinks only has 3D visualizations!!! lolll Well that was fun.. :/ <url>… on vacation? Some real BS was happening there... [Be respectful and considerate] Now people hate you, that's a nice way to start a business, internet spreads your reputation fucking stupid. @monoko <url>"fuck you" from me. (Sorry Kickstarter but I got to take it out of my system). People that read the heated discussions will understand. Crawl back in your pathetic little hole and rot there. Honest people don't want you out there. It's funny cause this product was a "dream" and it raised TOO much money which caught great attention he didn't want. Scam fail lol!!! Great that it made the news. Maybe the journalists would like a personal interview with Wayne...address available in the comments below. The creator had a good idea that would actually work (and has worked with similar products in the past). If he would've sought out the right people to make this dream a reality, this would've been a success story. Instead, he focused his energy on scamming us out of our money (or so it seems). What a shame! For those of you wondering what's the full story, the Wall Street Journal made an article: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>~2500) 3. This is the MOST IMPORTANT, you have created a really bad profile on the Internet, about 2.500 people are angry,and a lot will show it around the Internet, people that will want to buy your product will be surprised of the amount of really bad reviews that will be outhere. This means you will have redicously low sales, I don't know what that investor gave you, but you had 9 times the money you first wanted. CONCLUSION: You fucked to up so bad. Awesome! Can't wait to receive my nothing in February! Fuck you GXP, i hope you burn in hell. Well this is seriously dissapointing, i would like as someone who pledged early and helped this product get attention (maybe enough for the single investor to go through with it? I dont know.) atleast get some assurance in the form of some sort of a discount when it is launched. This (according to their email) would double the cost for the unit, which i'm not interested in at all, it went from expensive to out of reach. Well, I was just about to cancel my pledge... I love how we came back from his "holiday" and met this single backer (claiming to be willing to invest more than $300k in this "product") with the prototype that he refused to photograph/video for the rest of his backers! This user's account has been deleted. @Christian Have a good read through the comments, or even just this: <url>"WITH PROTOTYPE IN HAND" The prototype he wouldnt take a picture of! This user's account has been deleted. Since the funding is canceled, I won't be losing $150 right? Because it says I'm still a backer, but there's no button to check my pledge and cancel it. Just asking to be sure, I'd rather ask a stupid question than lose $150. Oh and the best part of this is, and I hope kickstarter follow through with it, is that because it was a kickstarter backer who has discovered this project and has decided to be the sole funding resource, kickstarter are fully within their legal rights to collect on their percentage of whatever the investment is. The fact that they cancelled on $363k indicates to me that they had a better offer, and even if not the pledge is legally binding and thus kickstarter has already come to the party with their service.... So close and yet so far eh... OK, I don't know about all of the conspiracy theories (facts?) going on, but I do know the technology would have been viable. There was a company who sold a product called ZEO sleep machine which was an alarm clock with a similar headband that tracked your brainwaves and would wake you up at a point in your sleep cycle before your alarm set time based on how light your sleep was. It worked for me, tracked my brainwaves, went off at the point in the sleep cycle when it was supposed to. It also worked for many others, but didn't work for everyone. That company apparently wasn't making enough profit and the buyers kind of dried up (fads happen). The concept of REM sleep triggering an external stimuli to induce lucid dreaming also works. It's currently being used with LED's in front of the eyes. If this were produced with an audio jack, that could have been used to power LED's instead of audio to trigger even if the audio cue didn't work for you. I am sorry this project was cancelled. I didn't realize the tenuous thread these projects hang on by and hope this guy didn't think he could use this project as proof of interest and sell his idea to someone else for them to capitalize on. They should check out the current state of the company that once produced the ZEO. The tech is possible and has worked, and $125 is what I bought my ZEO for a couple years ago so it makes sense for the price range. I will just have to start tinkering with my ZEO and the DIY project until I get what I want out of it, one that can trigger lucid dreaming based on sleep cycle and multiple avenues of triggering it. Arduino/raspberry pi here I come! <url>"doubtful"? @Garret Hucal Yeah, because their temper tantrum so soon before canceling this is totally not because they are liars, and would have managed to be thieves had people not payed attention. Someone realized the potential to sell this device and bought it. Do not lie to us has anyone tried remee? has anyone tried remee? Mark 1 up for the interwebs! @aaron - How can I contact you, I'd be interested in your techniques for lucid dreaming. I don't see a way to message other KS community members. I have had a couple lucid dreams in my life and would love to figure out a way to slightly increase my chances of having more. U suck Well this is a bummer, someone should start funding for a LEGITIMATE lucid dream inducer. $299 right. Having an actual launch audience and backing support that's marketing. But going to a private investor, and releasing at $299. I doubt many backers especially your non-'naysayers' will ever pay the $299 for such a device. Just the turn of events - from going to vacation to disappearing. Common, you had $400k. No, you realized you were revealed and are now backing out. I for one have Lucid dreams. If you wants to do the same, contact me. It works but such a fraudulent device will never make my collection. Guys, do not worry! You can learn to do it yourself. I recommend the book by Robert Bruce "Astral Dynamics".The book was translated into many languages. Besides that there is a lot more practical information, the very power of such books promotes lucid dream more often, I checked it on myself. Still I can say that in order for you to see more such lucid dreams, and they were longer and is well aware, it is necessary to carry out before going to bed is a simple exercise to recruit energy. Relax your whole body starting from the toes, relax your mind and - this is important, imagine that you are in space and around you a lot of cosmic energy (prana), a shimmering pink light. During inhalation, begin to involve themselves in it through all the cells of your body and gather it into a ball in the area just below the navel. One thing this exercise often leads to lucid dreams. Even before you go to bed saying to yourself and tune in to what you perceive yourself during sleep and look at the brush of his hands. You can bring them to the eyes to set yourself up for it. To have a lucid dream - a small part, it is important to make it a long and bright, not to fall further in the dream immediately. Once you have a lucid dream,I advise inside your dream to look at yourself in the mirror and then go do what you have conceived (in advance to have a plan for what you will do in such a dream is very important). To hold and stabilize the image of sleep often fingered yourself and other objects around, still helps jump with a full reversal. I wish you all successful lucid dreams ! When it came down to it, he knew that he was caught red handed. And knew with all the gripes we had, and how vocal we were being, if he did take the money he would get sued or even arrested. If he actually had a product to build, he would NOT throw away 363,302cad. He would take a picture of the prototype, and sit there and answer some of the many questions people had for him. And instead of a canceled project, he would have quite possibly a half million to build his product. And as I said before, who in the world would pay a half million for a cut up swimming cap? FUCK GXP this is fuckin stupid. Also to add this is the first project I ever backed. A lesson learned. Don't dive in head first. Read all the FAQ! disclosures etc. @Jean-Francois I'll be the first to say it - Just shut the f*ck up. Do us all a favour and just stop being such a fake. Well, I'm going to bed guys, talk to you all in the morning. @aaron. I think they just didn't want you to win. Nobody wants to be FORCED to do anything. Yeah, no backer in the world is going to give this creep almost half a million dollars for a cut up swimming cap. This seems far more reasonable then just taking a picture of the damn prototype. I expect to hear more about this, probably from kickstarter. Since he decided to bash them in his last email. Yes Jean, and the world is still flat, the sun revolves around the earth. Yada yada yada. Read the comments. Please honor people help you guys save your money. Without them I lost mine too. I am poor. Sorry. I opted for the black one and was looking forward to a new gadget to play with. I had my doubts once all the emails started. I knew something like this would happen with this particular project. They slam kick starter but because of kick starter an introduction to a one person funding machine was made via a kick starter user. So they say. Let's hope the grass is greener on the other side and you don't get hay instead. They're still saying that the LUCI will be for sale in the spring. So I doubt it was a scam after all. I'm amazed at how many of you people are clueless about what we saved you from... Can't you read the comments and use some common sense!? Thanks guys for exposing the scammers Come I think of it I shouldn't have even backed this project. I mean first he was unresponsive then he became defensive and then calling us doubtfuls implying that we idiots. What kind of rude person is this and to think I funded this rude and selfish person. Greetings, fellow dream enthusiasts. After reading all the drama that has taken place in this comments section over the past 24 hours, I feel compelled to share a few thoughts on this matter. I am not accredited in any way, nor do I claim to be. I am someone who has explored and researched many aspects of dreams/dreaming/lucid-dreaming for about 15 years. I have experienced many lucid dreams. I have also met and had council with several individuals who are the "real deal" when it comes to dream exploration/control. The concept of flying and fantasy fulfillment while dreaming, is really just the tiniest little tip of the iceberg of the VAST implications of the mysteries that the dream state holds for human beings. The idea that an inexpensive and relatively simple piece of technology can facilitate "control and awareness" while in the dream state, while an attractive proposition, unfortunately, I find this highly unlikely to be effective. I wish it was as simple as getting an auditory or visual "cue", as many devices have claimed, over the years. Becoming conscious or "aware" in the dream state, is much more about ENERGY, and personal/spiritual state of mind/being. Everyone wants to fly like a bird, or soar like Superman, and indeed the scope of lucid dreaming does provide the possibility of these experiences, and much, much, more. There are genuine methods and practices to facilitate lucid dreaming, and if you really desire it, it can happen. I would recommend to those who truly want to explore the dream state, that reading the wealth of books available on this subject, is prob the best way to further your journey of discovery in this area. I hope someday we can just take a pill, and experience psychic phenomena like lucid dreaming, but we are not there yet. This is just my personal opinion, and I make no claims about any specific "lucid-dream assist" technology. Sorry if you feel like im spamming, but i just want to make sure that the newcomers see that there is still hope for a good EILD device :). @Richard K, I posted that comment as if on cue...lol XD This is a re-post of a previous comment I made: Hello guys, my two brothers want to make an actual EILD (externally induced lucid dream) device. They were going to back this project, until the company started to act suspicious. Actually one of them is typing up this message. So I'll just drop the third person talking :P. I was so disappointed in this project. I go to college and I have a few ideas. If some of the professors say that my ideas may actually work, I would like to make my own EILD device. Hopefully it will work better than what is currently on the market and be cheaper... maybe (something you guys should know is that me and my brother are college students, so it will take us a while). If you want to stay in touch after this kickstarter campaign then just send me an email, my email address is <email>. P.S. dont spam the comment section with "@William Eric Kroth I just sent you an email", I will know if you have sent me an email ;). I am deeply saddened by this development. Believe me, I was truly looking forward to this wonderful project, but will not be paying retail. Really wanted the black kickstarter version I had pledged for. Guess it's both of our losses on this one. Am sure an individual/group of people will come out with a superior product which I can back. I truly wish you best of luck with funding this and selling. It is interesting the same day this project reports this that they cancel. "Seems we're having our share of naysayers at the moment, but we realize many campaigns experience this near the end and that it's all part of the process! It's all good and we'll take it in stride." Thank you for confirming your a scam.... fuckers Yeah, way to prove everyone wrong, GXP, by folding because that makes sense. And even if you did have this mysterious individual investor, good luck seeing a cent after it is learned you just lost over 2500 sales and earned yourself a world of negative publicity. Oh well, thanks to everyone who helped reveal GXP as for fraud that they are. The extra cash will help "induce" many more lucid dreams than any Luci ever would have. Congrats! This campaign just shows how frivolous some people are with their money. You put down $150+ for this thing and the least you could do was read the 'risks and challenges' section. If you had it should have been painfully obvious that something is shady in the least. Then you have all this other evidence from not supplying a new photo (which would have shut everyone up it's as basic a request you can get, that's why it got very suspicious) and evasion tactics by GXP... Be careful when you back a project! KS has no liability over campaigns, they explicitly state it's up to the backer to confirm the validity and they do so at their own risk. Give yourselves a well deserved pat on the back friends. Thank you for digging so deep and uncovering the truth. Luckily I was checking comments or else I would have never known, you have taught me a valuable lesson. The Amazon comments on this when it gets built are going to be interesting. Good news is that there are lots of other existing systems that do the same thing already. Or just go buy a $10 book and you can figure it out yourself. Thanks everyone, this is the first project I backed. And it truly shocked me! This is really unbelievable. @Michael Brand - Not trying to be disagreeable, but I really don't believe KS did anything to affect this outcome. If they had, there wouldn't be a story about a private investor. I see you've only been around KS since September, but you'll find that KS doesn't get involved in projects in any way shape or form. If they did, they would incur liability for scams like this, and they definitely do not want that. @Dave shitty luck.. I have being involved with a few but in the end cancelled by pledge because I thought it wasn't real. I wish more people were like peak design and amber rix... I will pretty much buy anything those two do.... This user's account has been deleted. Was telling my friend how stoked i was about the first kickstarter i actually backed and this shit happens. the disappointment of this sellout is unbelievable; you really gave up a 360,000 cad unsure backing for 20,000!? you expect me to believe this shit?! If you sold out do not lie to me about it. Are you trying to insult my intelligence? So.. they leave the office.. With the prototype in hand.. To meet with this private investor? Wow, talk about bullshit. They couldn't even upload pics or video proof of the prototype yet the have a face to face meeting with a private investor? So much for a 'vacation'. I hope you f*cking burn in hell GXP. What a f*ckign flop. Ugh, I'm so disgusted by this project. What use of an innovative medium only to turn out to be a scam. I hope you go to hell. @Emily We've all become too trusting, forgetting that in amongst all the innovators and like minded creative people that gravitate towards the wonderful opportunity that Kickstarter incubates, there are wolves, who are just in it for greed and will laugh at our stupidity in trusting in them, while they spend our hard earned money. @Dave Yeah, I suspect KS management finally saw the rising pile of reports, had a look at the evidence, and started making some noise behind the scenes. And for anybody late to the party, Jean Francois is almost certainly a sockpuppet account of GXP. Take any apologism of the project he offers with a massive grain of salt. lol @ Stephen, another troll coming in to defend Luci AFTER its been canceled. How many fake accounts can Wayne make? One more comment, then to bed. For real this time. @Jean - No I do not believe they were on vacation. That is my point. They were not on vacation, there was no prototype, there is no private financier. This whole thing was a scam, and it is extremely obvious if you look at the evidence. @Dave : Kickstarter has ALOT more to lose than 9% of fraudulent campaign funds. GXP was showing every intention of running out the clock. Regardless, I'm happy this campaign got canned! Dumb s#&ts harassing!!! This idea is $$$, no idea how many people would be interested...+ nothing 'hard' about creating it once the funding is provided. IT'S JUST READING BRAIN WAVES AND PROVIDING AUDIBLE STIMULUS TO INDUCE LUCID DREAMING (the expense is in the materials/R&D/putting it all together)....But unfortunately, on principle I definitely wont be purchasing/recommending anyone else to do so. Greedy as, don't reward those that back, go for the easy option of one **** who can fork out the cash. Wow, I just realized I almost got scammed......thanks guys! @Jean-Francois Nobody's buying what you're shovelling buddy. I'm glad this got canceled. I really should have looked more closely at all of their details before deciding to pledge. Fist, to start off, I'm a Cognitive Science Ph.D. student and I a previous member of the Society for Psychophysiological Research and have worked on several EEG studies. I've also made a Lucid Dreaming setup from off-the-shelf consumer EEG combined with a computer program. With this project there were several issues. First, they noted that the "brainwaves" were strongest at the back of the head. Really close to where their electrode was going to be placed is the mastoid area where we often like to put the Ground EEG electrode as there is little activity in that area to interfere. Second, they only noted one electrode. The thing about measuring EEG data is that you need two electrodes at a minimum. One channel in traditional EEG is two electrodes (although it can be three, positive, negative, and ground for some single-channel recordings). That's not even getting into the tech their "prototype" had on display. Look at Jean coming in to troll at just the right time. Wow, Wayne isn't too bright. Soooo since it's canceled, that means we don't lose our money, right? Lol This is my the 2nd scam project. First one is Kobe Red. @Curtrock - Unfortunately, I doubt Kickstarter told them anything since Kickstarter just lost out on 9% of whatever money would have been left in 48 hours... So glad they decided to cancel it, I was seriously worried for all those who were going to back this and lose their money. I can't wait to NOT see this for sale next Spring. This whole thing has been ridiculous. There is No private lender! Use your business sense, people. Kickstarter prob told them to PUT UP, or SHUT IT DOWN. WTH... use our trust and use our Pledge statistic to bargain with private funder to get better deal... Ya it may a good move to generate quick money, but i am sure you will lose more then what you get... Such as the trust of your company, brand, reputation and your valuable royalty customer... @Kyle - This is the 3rd project I've been involved with that has been a scam. That means, based on my math, 4% of all Kickstarter projects are scams. Wow, I hadn't thought to check the comments section. Thank you SO much, internet vigilantes, for saving thousands of people hundreds of dollars! I'll be more careful backing projects in the future. @Michael Cortese - Don't worry. They don't have an external financier. They aren't going anywhere with this product because it's a scam. @Dave. I would have done the same. Like they said, dealing with one dude vs. constantly being harassed by 2500 backers. The choice was simple. You guys were pretty hard on them for the dumbest shit. Photoshop, digging into their other businesses, and @manoko harassing his wife?! That was low. I would be greeting manoko with a brick across his face if he did that to my family! Well at least nobody is going to get ripped off. I doubted it being a scam, now we know it is... Craziest project I have ever being involved with. I feel used, like they used us to back it, just to get noticed, and then switch to a private lender a day before the project would be officially funded, still getting their project funded and not having to give away almost $2000 worth of devices. This user's account has been deleted. @Jean-Francois - Backed only this project, and an account not even a month old. GTFO, puppet. I'm not buying the product after this KS, not because the product is bad, but because this move was bad. Good luck! scam? Either way I refuse to buy this product now. Uhh Davin, do you still think they were on vacation? They were busy making a deal! I'm guessing they're getting around half a million from this investor. Well done everyone, great result! @Jean-Francois - You're joking, right? The due diligence of a small percent of backers today saved 1/3 million dollars from being stolen. Haha if there really was an "investor" they met with, it was probably @Manoko or the like trolling them. Good work guys Yeeeeess! I'm so glad I just checked this! Are there any other inducers on kickstarter to back? I think the fact that you guys were FORCING them to do something just pissed them off and they just wouldn't do it as a question of principle. I would have taken the deal too instead of dealing with such ass****s. Good move GXP. And on that note, I'm heading to bed. I will sleep very well tonight, and I wish the same to all of you. The internet wins again, good work everyone! Thank you for saving me 150 dollars boys and girls. I could never have figured this out myself. What they claimed in the funding cancellation update isn't even possible. If they were on vacation without the prototype and were too far away to get to their office to take a photo/video of the prototype, there is no way they made it to their office, grabbed the prototype, met up with a KS backer who would obviously have seen all the evidence stacked up against GXP and signed a funding contract for between $40-350k CAD. No way in hell that happened. Phenomenal, can't wait until it "comes out" in the Spring. We saved people 363 thousand dollars, good game GXP. Wow, thanks everyone for the posts.. I can't believe I had actually backed this before reading the comments. I wonder if there is a possibility of them facing repercussions for blatant fraud.. I'm guessing not, since they didn't actually take any money. Either way, glad I didn't lose my money! Time to back the other lucid dream inducer. Hopeful that want is legit Well done everyone. A lot of people that haven't checked the comments section here have just been saved from being dupped out of $150+ for something that was never proven to be real. This user's account has been deleted. And he was supposed to be on holiday when he met someone. So awesome....2,000+ people's money secured...happy happy ending. Nice work everyone! @Edward that makes even less sense, that's probably what they meant but anyone with a legit business would NEVER give up $350k from a free loan for 40k AND loss of equity to that investor. Terrible..terrible, so glad this is closed. I wonder who that generous backer is...but anyway I was wondering if he could show that backer the prototype, couldn't he just take more pictures of it and show it to us, I bet taking and posting a picture would less time away from your 'holiday' than meeting someone. "how could KS allow such a circus to happen with 20k in fees" Translation: "Wow, all these people supported this? Really? Can someone pull the abort button out of our a$$es please?" How about f**k yourself. @Davin, yes he is!!! @Manoko - You are in for a treat when you wake up tomorrow morning! There you have it folks, a company that can show 1 backer a prototype yet can't take a picture of it even though they apparently had it in their hands the whole time... on vacation...where they didn't have access to it. Kickstarter, you're going to lose a lot of rep for not jumoing on this sooner. Shady shady. I posted that repost, because it felt like an appropriate time to do so. wow, guess i dodged a bullet. thanks, internets! I think they mean the investor is putting in 40k... But who's to really say. Shame Manoko want here for it. I could pick apart the latest update and talk about how improbable it would be that they started seeking private funding when they were 900% above their goal, and then signed the paperwork so quickly after meeting with the financier. But, I won't. Instead, I'm just happy that 2,500 people didn't get ripped-off by another scam Kickstarter campaign. This is a re-post of a previous comment I made: Hello guys, my two brothers want to make an actual EILD (externally induced lucid dream) device. They were going to back this project, until the company started to act suspicious. Actually one of them is typing up this message. So I'll just drop the third person talking :P. I was so disappointed in this project. I go to college and I have a few ideas. If some of the professors say that my ideas may actually work, I would like to make my own EILD device. Hopefully it will work better than what is currently on the market and be cheaper... maybe (something you guys should know is that me and my brother are college students, so it will take us a while). If you want to stay in touch after this kickstarter campaign then just send me an email, my email address is <email>. P.S. dont spam the comment section with "@William Eric Kroth I just sent you an email", I will know if you have sent me an email ;). The update is just as bad of a lie as ever, a sole investor gave them 350k? Without an actual product? Nice try to save face... Good job everyone who fought to save a couple thousand people from this bs! The update in layman's terms: "Oh sh*t, we better stop this now, it's gotten out of hand. We'll never get out of this without jail time... PROJECT CANCELLED." We caught these f**ktards red handed and got this dealt with! We saved over 2000 people so much money! We saved almost 1/2 of a million dollars from being scammed from innocent people! Rebellions always win! wow, GXP should be ashamed Thanks everyone for helping revealing the truth about GXP/Caluka. Holy crap we made it !!! Congrats, all of you ! Woo-Hoo :) YOU DID IT !!!!! Yep that's what happens when you get caught in the middle of a scam. We did it everyone! Victory! Oh the lulz. Holy Crap....looks like GXP IS GONNA BACK OUT ! Looks like we won! Funny how they had "prototype in hand" for the individual, but couldn't post a simple photo for the quorum. What a crock of shit. Victory! Newest update: ROFL @Dave, you've been ommiting the latest compilation update, including my latest contribution <url>"vacation" to come here and criticize those of us directing scrutiny to the project, but he can't take the time to post a simple *real* photo of a prototype. I would recommend you cancel your pledge immediately. In this post I would first like to say: They may be misusing Kickstarter by not actually having a real prototype, but we can't really prove that. And who knows, maybe they'll take the money from this and actually make one if they don't have one already. You never know. With that said: For any of the 2500+ backers left on board who have not downgraded/pulled their pledges in the hopes that this is a legitimate campaign that will end up with them getting the product and are residents of the USA I recommend noting down this web address: www.ic3.gov It is a website for the FBI/NW3C agencies Internet Crime Complaint Center where they will analyze the information you provide and send it on to the appropriate international law agencies for investigation. I believe the Kickstarter community has already dug up all relevant information you would need to file a complaint if this does turn out to be a scam and you lose your money. I'm sure a scam that ends up stealing $350,000+ CAD from 2,500+ people internationally would qualify. You may not get your money back, but justice may be served in the long run. I cannot file a complaint myself because they require you either a) be the victim of the crime or b) be a third party to the complainant and I will be neither since I'll be pulling my pledge in about 23 hours. Again, I wouldn't file a complaint until you know for sure you've been scammed. Making false complaints to federal or local law enforcement agencies is never a good idea. @Dekzzz - Cancel your pledge completely. This is a compilation message made by Manoko which contain all the proof there are showing that this campaign is fake, you can find his other comments on this page, as well as the sources if you want to. Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"thank you" reward! Otherwise you would donate at your 150 CAD just for getting a "thank you"! Make sure to change your pledged amount before the last 24 hours, because I believe that you can't change it in the last day of the campaign (but I'm not sure about that, someone please confirm). As soon as this comment get buried, please someone copy and paste it so new comers can see for themselves. @CURTROCK seems the 48 magic has started. So Once again, Luci is a scam, many evidence point to that, and GXT the creator just make thing worst by refusing to provide us with a video prooving the device is real. Untill then, there's no evidence such a device exist. Please read the comments bellow. Hopefully, anyone checking in here at this, the 48 hour mark, will check all the comments that have been made in the past 24 hours. This project has become very questionable, and the backers should beware. Please read the RISKS and CHALLENGES section, at the bottom of the main page. Read it, and really think about what it says. Does it sound like the conviction of a company who has created a revolutionary new technology? "Deep down, I feel like GXP probably intended to create a product." I agree. I don't think anyone would plan to walk away with nearly half a million dollars. You're going to see one of two things (imo): 1) you'll get a product that doesn't live up to expectations. 2) you'll get a product that does live up to expectations and this added buzz towards the end will work in their favor. Either way they will probably walk away with $350,000. I just think it's terrible they can't throw up a quick prototype photo if they have one, which makes me think they don't. But I've been around long enough to realize anything could be going on, so who really knows? I haven't "had a dream" in 20 years. I thought this was going to be the solution to me dying every night... What a disappointment. I will back out if no video proof is shown. KickStarter I need your advice, If I were to back out and not get charged anything do I choose the $1 pledge thank you, the $0 pledge or do I scroll down to the bottom and click cancel pledge? Thanks in advance :) @Davin Meisch, Fair enough on account of that image being on stock photo. I was incorrect in saying that picture was not there. Deep down, I feel like GXP probably intended to create a product. Would it have worked? No idea. Probably not. I think they needed the funding to get it to work the way they had envisioned. But I could be way off and they might have just been in it for the money to begin with. Either way, intentions or not, they misled their backers and for the most part they are missing in action. That enough should make you walk away. I don't see how they are still making money right now. This is a compilation message made by Manoko which contain all the proof there are showing that this campaign is fake, you can find his other comments on this page, as well as the sources if you want to. Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"thank you" reward! Otherwise you would donate at your 150 CAD just for getting a "thank you"! Make sure to change your pledged amount before the last 24 hours, because I believe that you can't change it in the last day of the campaign (but I'm not sure about that, someone please confirm). As soon as this comment get buried, please someone copy and paste it so new comers can see for themselves. @David, So stick with the original version for now :) <url>"Since this ridiculous discussion is still ongoing, we thought we'd create an automated sticky with all the points we've addressed." I've seen nothing yet... never mind. forget it its too late cant think straight. damn, let me do it again, I need to put some more stuff on it anyways. @Ben Cranna - The link doesn't work, appears to be a direct link to a gmail email attachment. <url>"magic" time is approaching when this campaign hits 48 hrs remaining.....I think kickstarter automatically sends out a message on all campaigns, at that point. Hopefully, the majority of backers are going to "check-in", and see what is going on here. I hope the pledge numbers will continue to reflect the the way the LUCI representatives have been treating their "valued" backers. @Davin Meisch Yes, it has been mentioned before, I think. I don't know if anyone else has noted this or not, but the logo on the LUCI that Martine is wearing in the photo is quite obviously applied in image editing software as well. The edges on it do not follow the contours of her forehead as they should. The nerve of GXP to continue to propagate this charade with FAUX updates, speaks volumes as to their character and intentions. How's your vacation going, GXP?? @GXP - You can fix this situation so easily, as we have already stated many times. You are the one who let it get this far. All you needed/need to do is take a damn video of the prototype so we know it is real. All you have provided us thus far are fake images and images borrowed from other sites. Oh, and of course your word. But your word, after all the lies we've caught you in, means zilch at this point. I would like to applaud the whole bunch of you, for working so passionately to help shine some light onto what appears to be an utter abuse of the KICKSTARTER system. I salute you! @Alexandre - Agreed, the statement below the reward images is a blatant lie. @Nayan - I am, settle down. Just noting that it does exist on iStock so that they can't claim we are making false accusations. If they said it is where they got it from, and it is there, then we can't claim they stole it from some other party because we don't know that. @GXT After all, on your project page, you clearly say : "Photos of the original LUCI are actual photos of our working prototype. The other photos are representations of the rewards offered. Actual rewards may differ slightly from the photos." Where can we see the working prototype? So far, I've only seen photoshopped pictures. @GXT, what's so ridiculous about us asking for pictures/videos of the prototype you claim you have ? @David, Well you won't have any issues with the product, cause there will be no product at all. @GXT, where are the pictures ? Who cares about the damn girl sleeping photo. We want photos of the actual product. Quit getting sidetracked, and try and get word of this scam out. At this point, even if the prototype IS real I don't think I want to give GXP my money... Can you even imagine the customer service you would receive if you had problems with the product?? <url>"Little theories" that have already been "addressed"... Like the fact that the supposedly overexposed "too much flash" image being completely identical to the original image, other than for two objects in the images, one being a PCB that have been noted as having physically impossible dimensions. Yup, if you say so. @GXP All of our claims are backed by facts. Why don't you show us some facts too? Funny, I can't find any of the pictures you used on iStock.com @Majid Liassi Damn, you beat me to it! Here is a link to Ian H's article on my site - <url>"sleeping girl" and it is the 7th image. @GXP If by addressed you mean you claimed to be on vacation so you couldn't refute a single argument about the prototype's legitimacy, then yeah; you addressed it just fine. @Craig Colvin, let me know when you find "taking a nap photo" and the photos of the amplifier on iStock.com. I promise you they aren't there. Hey GXP, Welcome back. Did you take some pictures / videos of the prototype yet ? @Craig Colvin <url>"Well I'll be damned... they used my remee review video in their kickstarter video. I'm flattered but wish they would have asked." As well as one of their pictures clearly coming from this site: <url>#comment-5046482 How more clear can it be that they did not buy it? @majid I'd also be happy to help try and make the image, just to add some details about the face book image @Mike D - "It has been shown on several items that copyrighted information has been used without permission.". We have no evidence that it is being used without permission. As I said below it may have been legal acquired through a stock photo agency. It weakens your argument to make such statements. Glad to see other people dropping their donations. The fact they will be gone until the project is funded is ridiculous. Only 310,000 more to go! @Alexandre Dubé-Pakenham There is no evidence the photo was stolen. It might have been purchased from a stock agency. A lot of people have been throwing around words like "proof" and I would like to point out that up to this point there has been no proof given that this is a scam. There is a lot of evidence but nothing is yet proved. Everyody, please when you report this project to Kickstarter make sure to point out the guidlines that GXP is not following that I have pasted below. If they continue to allow this project at that point, it proves negligence. At the very least Kickstarter should send out a message to all of the backers of Luci to let them know that there are potential issues with the project. <url>"Projects must show details (photos, videos, sketches) of their progress so far, along with a prototype demonstrating the product's current functionality." -We do not have proof of a functioning prototype with the revelation that the images are photoshopped. Also, GXP mentioned two electrodes, but on the "Initial Sketch, it makes no mention of this. "No product simulations or photorealistic renderings Technical drawings, CAD designs, sketches, and other parts of the design process are awesome and encouraged. Photorealistic renderings and simulations that could be mistaken for finished products or real events, however, are not allowed." -The photoshopped image of the amplifier on the desk completely violates this guideline. "No self-help material (books, videos, etc). This includes projects that offer (or produce materials that offer) business, emotional, financial, health, medical, sex/seduction, or other self-help advice." -One of the pledge rewards is an e-book. "Don't post copyrighted content without permission. Only post content that you have the rights to." -It has been shown on several items that copyrighted information has been used without permission. I'm sure there are other guidelines as well, but this should be more than enough. Manoko, if you would like to add this info to your ongoing post, feel free. Good luck everyone and lets get as many people's money back (who want it back) as we can. @Ben, thanks, couldn't sleep either :/ Well I need to add some more infos, but I guess it would do for now as is. Here's the link again for the new comers..: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"thank you" reward! Otherwise you would donate at your 150 CAD just for getting a "thank you"! Make sure to change your pledged amount before the last 24 hours, because I believe that you can't change it in the last day of the campaign (but I'm not sure about that, someone please confirm). As soon as this comment get buried, please someone copy and paste it so new comers can see for themselves. @Ian H the agreement that KS has with GXP does not prevent them from playing the moves written in the risks and challenges section. What i mean is that after the campaign is over, KS gets their 9% cut then sends the money to GXP and thats that. Back to the terms GXP created, they are not legally obligated to create a product and not obligated to give a refund if they use all the money. They are using a KS created loophole to blatantly (and poorly) lie to us, get all the money, then never be heard from again. With no repercussions. Good night everyone. I've contacted GoDaddy regarding a domain revocation. For anyone interested in contacting Wayne directly, here are his details: Admin Name: Wayne Kendall Admin Organization: Caluka Group Admin Street: 170 Lottinville Street Admin City: Trois-Rivieres Admin State/Province: Quebec Admin Postal Code: G8T 4K7 Admin Country: Canada Admin Phone: +1.8883330963 Admin Fax: Admin Email: <email> @Ian H, is there a way to upvote/like/share your article ? @Viktor, Alexandre, alrighty then. Good luck. Et bonne nuit à vous deux :) I will wait some more time then.. take some rest :) Yep, I'll stay active until about 2 a.m. EST (about 6.5 hours) @Majid Of course! Bonne nuit! damnit, me too majid, I was up till 5 last night, maybe one of you guys active now can @Ben, thanks man. I hope someone takes the night shift for the lost souls who come here seeking guidance. I need to go for a while. @JamieAlexander Contacted you via your site. Thanks for sharing the article. If anyone wants a link to the article I wrote, here <url>"As you know, some things can take longer and some can take less time than anticipated. We hope that you will understand if there are unavoidable delays or complications. The appropriation of funds shall remain at our discretion. Use of funds may include (but not limited to) product development, travel, debt repayment, facilities and utilities. If the project does not reach completion, any unused portion will be refunded to those who have rewards still pending and in proportion to the backed amount. We shall not be held legally or financially responsible under any circumstances. As a backer, you accept these terms and conditions." Too bait. Cmon. As a reminder, here's the facts: - The whole thing is photoshopped: <url>ól beszélsz haver! :D I really go... Please, new people who come to this comments sections should be able to easilly find what's wrong about this project. Can you please keep the conversations focused, and in english ? I go to bed without LUCI... @Viktor Semmi gond haver, én elkerül a projekt @Alexandre come on, almost everything is a fraud ith this guy!! @Zsolt Küldenél egy email címet inboxba? @Majid Liassi Also, it might be worth mentioning that this picture: <url>é mutat. Kösz! Thanks, I'll do that as soon as I get back to my PC @Majid Liassi Very good job! Maybe mention the fact that GXP technologies does not exist in the Quebec Enterprise Registry? @Viktor Minden jel felé @Viktor Nagyon úgy fest sajnos. @Viktor, yeah big time Üdv Zsolt! Szerinted is átverés a dolog? Thanks Alexandre, do you think my photoshop debunk is convincing enough ? <url>"Click Manage Your Pledge" right about here -----> use the big blue "Manage Your Pledge" button to the right. Thanks Majid and Ben! Where can I reduced the 150 to 1? @Mahid Liassi Link to the screenshots if anyone needs them: <url>"Prototype" when called out on this, they accused that person of making threats. As far as anyone can tell GXP is a fake company. GXP posted a new picture of their "Prototype" that is still a shop. Then 2 days before the end of the kickstarter event, the people in charge leave to go on a vacation. And refuse to post any new pictures of their prototype to debunk and doubt that the prototype exists. So far they've lost about $40,00, people including me are leaving in droves. I'm not sure if that's all of it, but really, I think it's enough. @And also look at how many people withdrawed so far : <url>#chart-daily @Viktor, this is definitly fake. GXT run away after being faced with the scam. He doesn't want to provide proof that he has a prototype (pictures or videos), and all he had is a photoshopped picture. The truth is we don't know, but its highly unlikely this IS real. What is the truth, is this really a fake? @Michael Brand, good point. I will talk about it at another time instead :). @Ian H. Just send me it in an email with your details and I'll throw it up. Folks, while it may be with the best of intentions, let's not distract the issue (and give GXP more ammunition to use as red herrings to try to wiggle their way out of the project being exposed as a scam), by discussing here about the possibility of making a real version of LUCI. It'd end up doing more harm than good at this time. @Alexandre Zabbal sounds interesting, I sent you an email. Working on it @Albert. It doesn't appear to violate any guidelines. @Jamie Alexander. I'm the user who wrote the CNN iReport article. It's been taken down from there and I am working on getting back up right now, I'd love it if you ran my article. I can give you the article and my name, since the CNN iReport article isn't available right this moment. Cool. Speak soon. I created a story about the highlights : <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"thank you" reward! Otherwise you would donate at your 150 CAD just for getting a "thank you"! Make sure to change your pledged amount before the last 24 hours, because I believe that you can't change it in the last day of the campaign (but I'm not sure about that, someone please confirm). As soon as this comment get buried, please someone copy and paste it so new comers can see for themselves. Alright, it's midnight here in France guys, I wish you all a good night. Let's continue to tackle these scammers with all the might we have ! @Alexandre If you'd like, I'd love to help contribute to an article, if the journalist(s) write one(s). PM me here if you'd like my help. @Ross Newman Bruno Maltais, Journaliste, Radio-Canada : bruno.maltais@radio-canada.ca Evelyn Rusli, Reporter, Wall Street Journal : <email> @Robert Yes, and this is pretty pathetic from their part. Do you guys think GXP still holds to the position that we are a "few naysayers" as one would have on any project? lol Alexandre, who contacted you if you don't mind me asking? @Zsolt Yup that seems to be the main issue right now. We're all doing our best to get it as widely acknowledged as possible so feel free to share it and send it in to news etc. Got an answer from Radio-Canada. A journalist for the Wall Street Journal also contacted me. Yea, i've started from 1$ and played safe to see how to campaigning turns out. Well, it seems that it turned to worse, the clues mostly showing that it's a scam. Thanks to hard working KS community who gathered the proofs. My only concern at this point is, that the majority of people will still get scammed, because they don't read the comments at all and by so, unaware of all these valuable information. Sent an article into BBC have your say (used the article the user posted to iReport CNN as it's 11pm where I am so can't write anything understandable!) as it's worth a shot. Never know, they might put it on Click or something. Right, after reading each and every one of the 300 more comments since I last commented, it's pretty much clear this is a scam. Now I'll do my best to publicise this further and hopefully KS will take a look. When I got the update that the developer was leaving town, at what should be the most exciting time for them to be announcing more stretch goals and giving thanks, I dropped my support to a dollar. Then reading all the comments here, it validated my decision. Thank you to all those that spent the time investigating this. @william, I just like organizing a rival project in this comment section :D I have sent emails and made calls to everyone I know in the media. I have also shared the article Ian wrote on CNN via social media including LinkedIn urging my followers and friends to help spread the word and help this make headlines in the next 48 hours. I urge you all to do the same. This is a compilation message made by Manoko which contain all the proof there are showing that this campaign is fake, you can find his other comments on this page, as well as the sources if you want to. Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"thank you" reward! Otherwise you would donate at your 150 CAD just for getting a "thank you"! Make sure to change your pledged amount before the last 24 hours, because I believe that you can't change it in the last day of the campaign (but I'm not sure about that, someone please confirm). As soon as this comment get buried, please someone copy and paste it so new comers can see for themselves. I just backed down from 175 to $1. All seems way to suss... I have a bad gut feeling about this, and after backing almost 60 projects, I have gotten burned a couple times. I'm out and will buy this retail. Hope it happens. @ William Eric Kroth Sorry, I thought that is was the names of the three brothers actually... haha my bad. ;) Well, keep me updated, we must first be sure that lucid dreaming can be conbsistently attained using REM detection and a voice alert. This campaign taught us one thing, always question everything said to you. @David, then shoot me an email. Instead of posting it in the comment section. @Ian - Done. @william eric kroth if you need an iOS app (I was thinking some sort of interface you could show brainwaves realtime if it contains bluetooth) I'm an experienced programmer always looking for a new project :) @Manoko, William Eric Kroth is one name :P. The major purpose of the message is to let people know what we want to do and if they want to be put on a list that will be emailed when we have it prototyped and ready to kickstart, so they don't miss out on it, since there is no "Lucid Dream" section in kickstarter. Guys, I've tried my best to spread the word of this scam but I think I'm done now. Keeping up with this is digging into my free time. That being said keep fighting the good fight! Post on YouTube(vsauce2), twitter, Facebook, and any media outlet you can. Good luck to all! Peace! Oops, forgot the link. <url>"This belongs on CNN." If you have any corrections, additions, or feedback, please let me know! Thanks. Well William Eric and Kroth, You already know I'm up for it. Though I believe the team must not be too large, but that's my opinion. @Manoko / Shawn - I've backed 68 projects here at Kickstarter, and 3 (including this one) have turned-out to be frauds. I'm still waiting for delivery on about 10 of them, so that number may increase. But, this project along with the Crypteks project have similar patterns to them with regard to non-responsiveness from project creators. That said, I've contacted Kickstarter numerous times about fraudulent projects, and only after about 100 people raising hell about the Crypteks debacle did they start requiring "real" prototypes for projects (Crypteks was nothing but renderings...). That said, each person that contacted them got the same response: any issues are between the backer and creator; Kickstarter is just a platform. Keep in mind, Kickstarter gets 9% of all funding raised for each project, and with Terms of Service that require all disputes to be resolved between backers and project creators, Kickstarter takes the same stance as torrent sites: we're just a platform. And with good reason because they don't want to lose their 9% and they don't want to have any appearance at all of being involved in the process because it will increase their legal liability exponentially. Keep in mind, you're not the customer here at Kickstarter: the project creators are the customers. The backers are a product that Kickstarter markets to project creators. All that said, I don't expect Kickstarter's response (they usually don't give on until your third or fourth email) will be much like the others: the issue is not ours, it's yours. This is a re-post of a previous comment I made: Hello guys, my two brothers want to make an actual EILD (externally induced lucid dream) device if this campaign turns out to be a scam. They were going to back this project, until the company started to act suspicious. Actually one of them is typing up this message. So I'll just drop the third person talking :P. I was so disappointed in this project. I go to college and I have a few ideas. If some of the professors say that my ideas may actually work, I would like to make my own EILD device. Hopefully it will work better than what is currently on the market and be cheaper... maybe (something you guys should know is that me and my brother are college students, so it will take us a while). If you want to stay in touch after this kickstarter campaign then just send me an email, my email address is <email>. Though I do hope it's not a scam and that this company is just being unprofessional. P.S. dont spam the comment section with "@William Eric Kroth I just sent you an email", I will know if you have sent me an email ;). @Shawn I read both comments. I understand what you are saying, but in a way I think no creator can interact with another creator's campaign, this is to avoid conflict of interest I guess. I would think that they can't help us, and they are most likely already aware of the things happening here (they must spend a lot of time on Kickstarter). @Cody I really hope you're not saying you just backed this campaign... @Cody, welcome to Kickstarter and your first comment. You might want to click "Manage Your Pledge" to the right and remove it. The last 700 comments or so are mostly about whether or not this whole project is a scam. Most are convinced it is. @Shawn, I'll find it then. No worries. :) Just give me 5 mins. I wish I could, I do not know how to repost, and am on an iPhone and can't cut and paste. Sorry, tech challenged. @Cody got one what? Regarding the old photoshopped image and the one that GXP replaced it with (according to GXP unedited), Eversome made a great comparison earlier today: "If this isn't a scam, then explain this: <url>" Because.. magic? Yay I get one!!! @Shawn Can you please find it for me ? I try to take a little break from all this to be honest, this day was exhausting for me quite frankly. But I'll take a look and reply, of course. Manoko, please read my comment/suggestion about an hour or so ago and Dave's response to it. It explains why kickstarter will not involve itself! If KS ends the campaign early and (on the very minute chance) this is legit, that's worst case scenario for them. They would rather play it safe, collect their commission, and redirect the angry fingers to the KS terms and conditions that say they have no responsibility over any campaign, it's up to the backer to verify the validity of the project. The shopped "prototype" is so obviously shopped. I really am upset with myself for not catching it until now. I really wanted to not stop believing. Journey is going to be so pissed. @Kristan Glad to have been able to convince you then, spread the word if you can. No one need to lose money to those horrible people here, no one. @Amir Soltani you are right! The Kickstarter staff really needs to at least pause the campaign and investigate. This is pretty obvious that, at the very least, some things are off and need to be further inspected. @Manoko @Davin Meisch You guys have it totally right! I dont need any proof anymore. Its crystal clear this is a scam! I hope the other backers that still Pledged a lot of money on this project they see all this on time! @Kristan: The angle of the photo doesn't mean a thing: in Photoshop you can completely change, askew, distort, and change the perspective. It is very easy to make it look like from another angle. The point of view of the two image (what parts show in both images are exactly the same) then it is most likely the same image. also the fake shadows in the original photo gives it up. I think if the GXP knows about it and still not producing more they are just waiting for this thing end and then collect their money and go on long term holiday. Also they say this thing will be sold for $299 and they are giving away for $150 that's half of that. I backed over 20 campaigns and nobody gives that much break unless they just want quick cash. Unfortunately KS still doesn't have enough proof to cancel a project of this magnitude. If this fraud had been outed early in the campaign, I think this would be over. I fear it's too late, but I really hope I'm wrong. @Kristan - If you compare the original image against the new one they put up it is exactly the same image except they adjusted the amplifier to make it look less obvious, as well as making the quality worse so that it's harder to see the details. The headband, ear buds and all the wires are in the EXACT same positions in both images which is impossible if they were taken that far apart time wise. Unless they're keeping it in a vacuum sealed room in their "home office" where no air movement occurs to move the wires, of course. :P Where THE hell is THE kickstarter crew??? They are frauds too if they dont jump in on this!!!! This is Taking to much time what a way to start my first pledge with ks. Will report and cancel my pledge, I knew it was too good to be true but a part of my wanted to believe it... Lesson learned! @Kristan I say this: - <url>"photo". Before they photoshopped it, the holes were black, just as this photo, and the amplifier was in the exact same position. Twitter and Facebook is the best way each individual can help spread the word <url>"My first passion, graphic design requires creativity, knowledge of color, and most of all, patience. Tweaking designs to perfection is not for the faint of heart. And it's definitely not for people with large egos, because criticism plays a large role in every graphic designer's life." (<url>"abilites") Missed 2 out of 2 there, buddy. ;) If Wayne had a product, you'd think he would post a video. At 24 hours, I understand, Wayne is guaranteed $40k that can't be taken away by changing contribution amounts. Sadly, the pledge total is crawling too slow to make it.. I wish there was a better way to get exposure to others so they are aware of Wayne's behavior and can choose for themselves. I'm going to repost this. I'm not sure it will do anything, but I think if enough people send him an email about it, maybe he will talk about it on his radio show. OK, so I sent Tom Martino an email about the issues we are having with GXP. I think we could get better results if more of us sent him an email. Yes he is Denver CO based, but I have heard him talking about other issues before, this is no different. Here's a link you can use to report GXP. <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"thank you" reward! Otherwise you would donate at your 150 CAD just for getting a "thank you"! Make sure to change your pledged amount before the last 24 hours, because I believe that you can't change it in the last day of the campaign (but I'm not sure about that, someone please confirm). As soon as this comment get buried, please someone copy and paste it so new comers can see for themselves. Hey guys I need your help I pledged the 150 tier and I have been reading everything below and how sketchy this sounds should I reduce my tier! please respond thanks ! Do you suppose it's easy to mentally remove yourself from culpability when everyone attacks the company name in their comments instead of the individual by name. The company didn't do this...an individual did. Maybe we should start using his name in the comments....what was it again? Ross Simmonds and Willial Ivan Wright , check the contact me link section , there you have another address and phone number . <url>"legally". I have never seen a structure like this, here is an excerpt: "... The appropriation of funds shall remain at our discretion. Use of funds may include (but not limited to) product development, travel, debt repayment, facilities and utilities. If the project does not reach completion, any unused portion will be refunded to those who have rewards still pending and in proportion to the backed amount. We shall not be held legally or financially responsible under any circumstances. As a backer, you accept these terms and conditions." A few disturbing parts jump out to me. 1. Debt repayment should not be a planned use for our money. (In my mind he only listed it because he plans to use some funds as such and he covers his ass) 2. If LUCI does not get produced, whatever money he does NOT spend will be refunded....even more ass covering. Yet at this point when reading, it starts to paint a picture of his intentions (again a flaw with the trust in KS, I bet a significant # of backers don't read this section). 3. In less than 60hours GSX will be locked in to get hundreds of thousands of dollars with NO obligation whatsoever to deliver a product or return the money. (If KS does not intervene) This is the most appalling campaign I have ever seen, but it also shows how stupid people are with their money. (I have backed numerous KS campaigns and followed many, many more. I have watched this product from the beginning, and I had to donate $1 (which of course I'll be canceling in 24hours) to get into this conversation because this will hopefully set a precedent for future KS backers.) Has anyone called that number yet? @Abdulla Ameen, good to hear that :) Hmm, I actually did believe in this project. But it doesn't make sense how they supposedly disproved the photoshopped photo with another photoshopped photo. They could have just as easily posted a new photo of the product from a different angle. I've reduced my pledge to $1. @Davin Meisch I did, actually. And I couldn't care less. Who cares about "reputation" when you've got a bad guy to eliminate? @Michal Brand, I almost forgot about JF. Actually Kickstarter can easilly verify this fraud, by comparing JF and GXT's information (IP, Credit card number, adress..). If this wasn't a scam, why would GXT try to credit him self using a fake name, instead of showing some video of the product ? @Manoko - No worries man, I don't think any of us believed even for a second that you threatened his wife. While I was asleep (irony alert), looks like GXP just managed to inadvertently prove with one of the update what we already suspected: That the white knighting defender "Jean Francois" was really a sockpuppet. Seems just a bit too much to just be a coincidence that their word pattern and obsession with the business registry detail (and the flippant dismissals of our actual concerns) happens to be exactly the same. At least his address and phone no are available on the whois page. Yeah, always try to see the bright side of things as well. I'm just happy to see everyone concerned about this scam now, it is truly a delight to see everyone express their opinion and not accepting the horrendous lies GXP continue to spread. To be honest, them saying I faked the facebook messages and I threatened his wife was the worst part for me. Because with others we worked our ass off trying to prove that this whole campaign was a lie, and they sh*t on all this, and on my reputation, by saying such atrocities. If you knew me in real life, you'd know how harmless I am, and how I always try to respect anyone no matter who they are or what they say. They are just horrible people, no more, no less... At least there is a bit of ironic humour here :) @ Majid and Ben I had problem sleeping as well, which is quite sad seeing that this campaign was supposed to make all of us happier in our sleep. @ Majid me too, I got to sleep at 5 AM @manoko, nothing too important @Ben, I think GXP are counting the remaining hours and hoping there'll be as few damage as possible. They won't get back, and they'll take what they get.. @Dave Even If i were scamming, I'd try to make the situation better Guys, did I miss anything during my absence ? @Ben - If I were scamming a couple thousand people I wouldn't :) I'd sit and wait for the project to close, and run off with what money I could! Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. This is a compilation message made by Manoko which contain all the proof there are showing that this campaign is fake, you can find his other comments on this page, as well as the sources if you want to. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"thank you" reward! Otherwise you would donate at your 150 CAD just for getting a "thank you"! As soon as this comment get buried, please someone copy and paste it so new comers can see for themselves. @Manoko, same here.. I was so frustrated yesterday I couldn't sleep :( I hope GXP reply to some of these tonight @Majid Thanks man, I went out for the evening. I won't be as active from now on though, today at least, I gotta take some distances from all this, it's been an emotionnal rollercoaster to me, really. @Xantomen, .. but maybe just when they's showcasing how remee is so bad.. @ Michael, of course I'll ad that as well thank you. Please when you copy and past the message, use this one from now on. Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. This is a compilation message made by Manoko which contain all the proof there are showing that this campaign is fake, you can find his other comments on this page, as well as the sources if you want to. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"thank you" reward! Otherwise you would donate at your 150 CAD just for getting a "thank you"! As soon as this comment get buried, please someone copy and paste it so new comers can see for themselves. @Xantomen, you can investigate in this comment: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"naysayers" are completely wrong. @Ben - Unfortunately, Kickstarter's customers are project creators, not backers. Without project creators they don't have a platform. @Majid - Those points need to be made before the project succeeds and the project creator and Kickstarter has the money! @ Mike D - Valid point, and that's the angle we should use to approach Kickstarter. The images he has had are very suspicious, and if nothing else Kickstarter should halt the project to investigate. SCAM ALERT Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. I am Manoko, you can find my other comments on this page if you want the original discussions. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"went on vacation" for the remainder of the campaign which ends in just over 2 days. These photoshopped items and the fact that they have no proof of a working prototype violate the guidelines below. "Hardware and Product Design guidelines Show your work Projects must be clear about their state of development, and cannot be presented as preorders of finished products. Projects must show details (photos, videos, sketches) of their progress so far, along with a prototype demonstrating the product's current functionality. Projects must explain how the final design is likely to differ from the prototype, and include a production plan (i.e., how you're going to make it) and an estimated timeline. No product simulations or photorealistic renderings Technical drawings, CAD designs, sketches, and other parts of the design process are awesome and encouraged. Photorealistic renderings and simulations that could be mistaken for finished products or real events, however, are not allowed." @Mike, if they had a product, they'd have posted the video by now. This user's account has been deleted. @Dave and Ben, If ever this project succeeds in funding, we should start by pointing out that the whole kickstarter is a fraud, as they should already know by now that the project is a scam. If ever the scam GXT takes the money and goes away, then we should hold kickstarter responsible for that and give them the reputation they deserve. I am 100% putting my trust and faith in this project. To the creators: don't listen to the critics. but you can silence the critics by posting a video of the product in use! and post it on youtube. that will silence the critics. The lucid dream inducer is the best project I've ever seen on kickstarter, and I can't wait to receive my LUCI prototype in the mail. @Dave 2! so basically kick starter are a bunch of money grabbing ass holes who don't care about their customers? Andreas, I already use the remee for my visual signals. if the ZILD did audio too, Id be all over that I'll just leave this here..... <url>"Hardware and Product Design guidelines Show your work Projects must be clear about their state of development, and cannot be presented as preorders of finished products. Projects must show details (photos, videos, sketches) of their progress so far, along with a prototype demonstrating the product's current functionality. Projects must explain how the final design is likely to differ from the prototype, and include a production plan (i.e., how you're going to make it) and an estimated timeline. No product simulations or photorealistic renderings Technical drawings, CAD designs, sketches, and other parts of the design process are awesome and encouraged. Photorealistic renderings and simulations that could be mistaken for finished products or real events, however, are not allowed." Thanks for the Link Andreas @Ben - I've been involved with two Kickstarter scams previously, and Kickstarter always pointed to their Terms of Service which basically say Kickstarter is just a platform, and any and all disputes are between backers and the project creator. They don't even respond, and when they do, it's a canned, completely unhelpful response. Their motivation for not getting involved? The 9% they take from each successfully funded project and as soon as they get involved in one project they have to get involved in all of them, thereby exponentially increasing their legal liability. I was one of the first backers and I am now backing out. Something like this already exists. Its called ZILD (Zeo Induced Lucid Dream) <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"Hi there, Our information is pulled directly from Kickstarter. If you get them to pull the project down, then it will show as having been removed on our site as well. Best of luck, -The Kicktraq Gnomes " Hell, I'm still not completely ruling out that this isnt real, there's about a 4% it is real. I'm going to keep saying this, GXP you will get you're money back when you make another video! Maybe the biggest mistake GXP has made (at least today) is referring to the "naysayers" in one of their updates this morning. Many backers don't regularly check comments sections, but they'll read that comment in the update and figure they should check the comments section to see what the "naysayers" are claiming. Hopefully people will figure this out in time. I have been following the comments here for a few days and really wanted you guys to be proven wrong by GXP (I think we all did). I was happy to see GXP address the naysayers in their update today (thinking we might get some proof of concept) but they obviously did nothing to prove anyone here wrong. I am going to reduce my pledge to $1 as well as report to Kickstarter and Kicktraq. I will be more than happy to spend the full $299 retail price once this item is (1) proven to exist and (2) proven to work. Obviously not worth losing $150+ in this situation. A big Thank You to all those that dug deeper to find out what is really going on here. <url>#chart-daily if you wanna check how this is dropping.. Sorry Davin, should have said. @Alexander - Ahhh, thanks! @davin - Wall Street Journal @Anthony - My guess is those people will just be out $150. Getting a lawyer to sue would cost you more than the $150 you lost. NEW VERSION: Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. I am Manoko, you can find my other comments on this page if you want the original discussions. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>é-Pakenham so we could organize to contact medias and do something against this scam. It is hurting everybody trying to launch on Kickstarter. My project is fully legitimate (TellmeG) and I have put my face in the camera and all my cooordinates are available on my website (kelsec.com) Sorry Alexandre I did not use the right method to try to contact you and it backfired. Forget my last comment, Mr. Plamondon is a fellow backer of this project. His company is legit. He just created a new project on Kickstarter a couple of days ago: <url>"Caluka Group" that showed on search results (Google) was here on KS and on some cash-for-gold site referencing Montreal Quebec here: <url>"Gerald Plamondon" just searched for me on Google, and tried Friending me on Facebook : <url>´s a scam. @Chantal, that's right. And I guess they received hundreds of complaints about this project only today. They need to be checking this by now. And I don't think it would take a long time to figure this out given all the information in the comments. Unless they're rooting for the commission.. Kickstarter is going to lose ALOT of credibility and trust if they allow this to happen... If there is a lawsuit, all the evidence posted in this comments section would indicate that Kickstarter had enough information to suspect something was suspicious about this project and did not do anything about it. If I were a Kickstarter executive, I would call my lawyer. *no, there is none @Dave, No I have never spent any time in Jersey. Why do scams succeed? Scams target people of all backgrounds, ages and income levels across Australia. There is no one group of people who are more likely to become a victim of a scam. If you think you are 'too clever' to fall for a scam, you may take risks that scammers can take advantage of. Scams succeed because of two things. Firstly, a scam looks like the real thing. It appears to meet your need or desire. To find out that it is in fact a scam, you must first make the effort to check it properly. You need to ask questions and think carefully before you decide what to do. Being aware of the dangerous myths below will help you with this. Depending on the issue, you can decide if something is a scam on the spot, or you might need help—and that could take several days. Secondly, scammers manipulate you by ‘pushing your buttons’ to produce the automatic response they want. It’s nothing to do with you personally, it’s to do with the way individuals in society are wired up emotionally and socially. It’s because the response is automatic that people fall for the scam. To stop scammers manipulating you into their traps, it can be useful to know how to prevent the automatic response they expect. @Terence No, there is one. Only CAD drawings and photoshopped pictures. Is there even 1 legit picture of a prototype? Anyone? Ok, I'm glad I read this latest update, which I sometimes ignore. I think their latest update is extremely lame and suspicious, it seems it's just to buy time and to slowdown the withdrawing backers. If this campaign was legit the creator would be furious that it is backfiring and would do anything to convince the backers it is not a scam, but their shallow (weak) update and the excuse that the reason we have not put a work-in-progress video in the last month is because now we are away just gives it all away. Since I don't really need a fake advanced lucid dream device I'm going to pull out too. and it looks like the many backers that realising this now are pulling out at a steady rate. just watch the numbers. I had cancelled my $150 pledge but I just repledged $1 just to be kept in the loop and make comments. I just reported the project... If Kickstarter does not do anything about this, it will look like they are just after their commission and don't care about their users. I have to get back to class keep reporting, keep spreading the word anyway you know how, stay strong. GXP is going down!! @Rene, Good for you. Now can you elaborate more? Why can't GXT address our issues ? ie. taking few pictures of the prototype and proving it actually exist. Why? I still believe in this project! Addressed* This just in! : Kevin from vsauce2 made a tweet advising his followers to follow this discussion and addressing that it may be a scam! We're not campaigning for nothing after all! @Kelly - you're not originally from north Jersey, are you? The WSJ are on this now. Thanks for the heads up There are many people out there who would run a story about this being a scam. The Troubleshooter Tom Martino would. I've also seen Luci talked about on TV programs, I'm sure they would also run a story about this being a scam. Switched to 1$ and reported to kickstarter Good work, glad we could at least inform SOME people. I have changed my pledge to $1 CAD and reported to Kickstarter @Manoko thanks for your comments changed my pledge to $1 @Andrew, totally, kickstarter should pay more attention to the backers and worry less about the commission they'd loose if they cancel the project. The credebility of Kickstarter is at stake here. If this scam is funded even after our many reports, the 2000+ people who will never get their product, will never back another project ever again. Can someone please post links to news station with a way to write up a report of some sort? We have to get this out there because at this rate it looks like kickstarter isn't going to do anything. But if this goes viral and becomes a big thing it might force them to do something. And it's a good thing for kickstarter in general because they may have to change policies to prevent this from happening again @chris Ahh, it seems I've had a Kickstarter project person lie to me... I am hereby proven incorrect. Thanks for the correction. @GXP I am dropping my pledge to $1 CAD and withdrawing completely before 24 hours. I recommend others do the same. I was on your side for the most part at the beginning of this, however your actions are what have sealed the deal for me. I can completely understand a start-up project that needs funding to make a great functioning prototype and without the funding, that is difficult. However you have stated the proof of concept and have not provided proof to back that. If you are creating a project, you should be documenting every step along the way, Anything such as Test Subject A, Test Subject B, etc. Including their results of the study from everything to comfort and lucid dreaming initiation etc. Along this process it would be typical to have photo documentation. The fact that you have no photo documentation other than at max, 4 pictures is why I am backing out. You don't take a vacation in the last few days of your funding. You work your a$$ off to show your backers how dedicated you truly are. If your product does come out to retail and is highly rated, I will be a customer. Double the cost for a proven product that induces lucid dreaming is worth that cost to me. However you have not gained my confidence with your practices. In summary, no pictures, no data, no proof of concept = no trust. @Anthony: Here's a good summary to start with... <url>#comment-5043028 @ Anthony As very disappointing as it is, this is most likely a scam Please refer to the following : SCAM ALERT I am Manoko, you can find my other comments on this page if you want the original discussions. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"front" sensor/wire/something) As much as I applaud the LUCI bashing, it'd be nice if they could bash the right parts. Again, everyone, if you have any doubts, please report this project to Kickstarter. If it is legit, Kickstarter will investigate, and the project will go on. If it is a scam/fraud, Kickstarter will cancel the project and nobody will lose any money. @Ken Allen you are incorrect <url>"if he could" the real issue is, why is he taking a vacation, while he's waiting for his project to fund? Sounds like an early celebration to me. For those of you who suggest suing him, do you really think that if this funds, and he gets the money that it'll all be accessible by the time a lawsuit happens? even if everyone involved got it to the point of a Class Action lawsuit I'm betting that less than 1/2 the money would be available (talking 3 months almost) and then you have to tack on the lawyers cut of that. If it doesn't go class action, then everyone has to pay a cut out of their $150-175ish to a lawyer which is a big chunk, if you can get a lawyer to even dispute this case, you'd probably end up in small claims, and the money would never be paid back. The other thing to note is, he'll end up with less than the amount that is final, because you have a 5% kickstarter fee (read that as $15,000+) and credit card fee's that amazon charges to actually process the credit cards which is 3-5% (read that as $9,000-$15,000+) so right there that's 27,000 minimum that is in "costs". I'm not saying this "is" a scam, but I'm also not going to deny the facts presented in front of us. If i were in his shoes, with the amount of money involved here, when doubt became growing, he should have cancelled his vacation and pushed it off until they were at the production phase, however that is how i would handle this as a business owner. I don't believe I'm asking for a lot, when i say, just give us a Video, some pictures, maybe even a friend or a test person, who might still have their hands on one for playing, a YouTube video would suffice, ANYTHING at this point. Just save some face please, if this is a project that isn't going to be legit, say that its closed down, and shut down the kickstarter, or provide some real evidence. If this is in fact legit, suspend, or cancel the kickstarter and restart it when you can give us your full attention, if you can clearly and cleanly represent yourself, it would be fantastic. Anyone disagree with what i said? Please let me know, I'm simply speaking my mind here. I just read that GPX took a vacation during the last 3 days of funding. Kind of redflaggy to neutralize any customer service during the exact time one could STILL get a refund. GPX this is bad business strategy. @Ben Cranna I could, but it would be cost-prohibitive, and I could only represent myself, not others. To start an International Class-Action lawsuit takes years and a lot more money than 400K. I just pulled my 175$ @Flocca don't give GXP stupid ideas lol... Here's a fact: The Better Business Bureau has given Kickstarter an F rating (its lowest) for, among other things, failing to respond to six complaints filed against it. Kickstarter appears to reserve project removal for egregious claims of copyright or other severe breaches of policy. Damn Kickstart :( @Ken Allan Perhaps GXP is just want to hire someone like me to photoshop a video for them lol. @GXP We can wait until you make all these clear,so just suspend it. @Albert there is nothing left to discredit anymore -.- Manoko pretty much managed to discredit almost everything they have said. you can do it though Alexandre. @Tim Suetens That won't work, it's the problem with the Internet Age. To sue someone, you have to sue him in your own district, where you live. Suing someone in another State in the US is extremely complicated and costly... Imagine trying to sue someone in another country. It's almost impossible. @Tim True, forgot about that, probably! Pledging $1 for now just so I can comment Let kicktraq know that LUCI is negative trending and should be removed from the hot list (it's currently #2) and have a news article written: <url>"holiday", haha! AKA hiding under a rock, waiting for our money to come rolling in! @Tim let's change the message from "I am Manoko" to "This is a message written by Manoko, tou can find his other comments..." etc. Alright ? SCAM ALERT This is a message from Manoko, you can find his other comments on this page if you want the original discussions. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Yeah, I'm going to say this again, you can STOP ALL OF THIS with a quick video!" Exactly. Yeah, I'm going to say this again, you can STOP ALL OF THIS with a quick video! SCAM ALERT I am Manoko, you can find my other comments on this page if you want the original discussions. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"@GXP Please give us proof. I still want to believe in this product." +1 Well, good news is that the funds dropped $3k in the last hour, two days will hopefully raise the loss rate exponentially. @GXP Please give us proof. I still want to believe in this product. So you never once took a pic of your own device with your smart phone? Riiiiight...... @Alexandre We can trace him too, he is very exposed, we also have his full name and address, if he doesn't deliver and takes money from us, we can sue him/GXP Thanks a lot Alexandre ! We were discussing about that on Facebook with Ben :) Thank you for the scam alert people. I adjusted the pledge from $150 to $1. I've contacted Radio-Canada, our news station here in Quebec. I can only hope they investigate this story. At the very least, if they get away with 375K, journalists will still be able to trace him. Kotaku, Kicktraq and such might be a good start @Ben Cranna yeah maybe, but 370,000+ is still a lot of money I doubt CNN would cover this, maybe a local news station in Quebec That would be fun Manoko Good job, Ziad! I think this is why their goal of $40.000 is deliberately low... It's so we can't take it all away from them when we find out. just got this email from CNN: "Greetings, Thank you for taking the time to submit your news tip to CNN. This message is your confirmation that we have successfully received it. A CNN representative will be in touch with you if we are interested in exploring your tip and require additional information. If this is a breaking news event and requires immediate attention, please call 404.827.1500 and select option 1." Shame i cant call them because I live outside the USA Guys, I strongly suggest that even at the end of this campaign, we should let each 1$ and give it to them. That way we can sue them massively if they don't deliver. NEW VERSION: Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. I am Manoko, you can find my other comments on this page if you want the original discussions. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>… yes sure @GXP i believe you and if pigs start flying i will fly to school :D Wow I'm so dissapointed. Was looking forward to a dream inducer since I saw the eye mask version 10 ears ago. So if this is a scam kickstarted will not refund us? If that is the case I will terminate my pledge at once! It's only $33k for Kickstarter, peanuts to them. Their reputation and loss of future business from the scammed users is easily worth more than a measly $33k. They would not let a bad project complete to funding if they have evidence that it is a scam. The problem would come if they can't prove that it is a scam, I think. Haha, GXP! there is no support! you can end this bullshit now if you make a 30 second fucking video, if you do not, you're scammers! Tim Pietz posted this in the Update section: <url>… <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"wait until retail". Saving a hundred bucks off retail cost isn't enough to overshadow the real risk in investment here. Remember you came to us and asked us for help to bring this to life. Kickstarter is our community and as you can see we have PASSION for keeping it legit. It's also in how you react to the community. You posts don't show passion or empathy for people's concerns. Stop the single one off comments and do a real update that matters. The vacation needs to be put on hold for a day so you can remedy this I just submitted to story to CNN. This must be stooped! GXP AND Kickstarter are under blame here Kickstarter will do nothing, think how much they lose out if this is cancelled..... @ Terence: GET OUT NOW! There is no product! Get out! Terence, just look at my last post. OMG the drama in this forum. Is this project a scam? I just backed it for 150 but now wondering if I should get my money back? All we need to do is get kickstarter to suspend funding by reporting this project by clicking "home", scroll to the bottom and click "report this project to kickstarter", use the option "this is not a project". Thank you @ Swagger Here is the new version with the image of fb posts and the video I took to prove they are full of sh*t: Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"home", scroll to the bottom and click "report this project to kickstarter", use the option "this is not a project". Thank you This can go ugly for @GXP i mean when you have that much hate something is gonna happen... Backers are back up to 2588 but the funding continues to drop! Seems like a lot of us are backing to $1 :) @Alexandre Yeah, I've seen it on google maps as well. What a fucking joke they are, really. Jacob, he knows we won't be able to get their profits below 40.000 in time. They don't care. @GXP Yep, there is a link there, which points to: 170 rue Lottinville, Trois-Rivières (Québec) G8T4K7 Canada That's a home right there. Not an office. I'll add this to my wonderful messages of all their fakes: They accuse me of threatening and harassment from Facebook, those are the two only messages I sent to his wife (because he deleted its facebook account): <url>"office" is at home, and you tinker with the device in your garage (hell, that's the point of Kickstarter - to give you a good start with a good idea!). On the other hand though, I want to see that you made some progress, other than that what I've seen on the project's Home page 3 weeks ago… You can clearly see that words are not enough here. Your campaign ends within little more than 2 days and we feel the immense pressure of losing our money. Clearly, all the noise is here about a reliable video showing the current stage of product development. As little as that. For as much as over $375,000 we give you (+ the other 30,000 from the people who are waiting for the video). I really want to see the product on the market. But on top of that, I want to see your passion and involvement towards your project, because that will affect the product more than any money we can give you. When I first saw this project I was really stoked for it. And I guess I let that block my BS sniffer. Everything all the "skeptics" are saying is true as far as I can tell by looking at the information that was given by GXP. I'm pulling my 175$ backing as soon as I get home. Manoko, I'm with you man. They're trying to keep up this circlejerk until the funding period is over. Tell me what you need to sue these bastards into last year. I offer up to $100. @GXP Please then, give your office address. It's not "170 rue Lottinville, Trois-Rivières (Québec) G8T4K7 Canada" because that's your home address. In the Quebec Enterprise Register, which you so like to talk about, there is no office address. Conclusion: Another lie. @GXP Saying they have a home office, doesn't give the adress. @Dave - I feel the best distribution is via user viral sharing, like imgur - <url>ÜT. Perhaps he can get his fanbase to remove their pledges. As of this moment, they still seem to be in the top 10 for kicktraq, for starters. This must change. I submitted a news report. Can anyone help? I'll see if i can contract CNN about this @Manoko Calm down - I think nobody thinks that you have written anything else than what you have shown us to GXP=Wayne's wife. And of course this isn't a threat against her life - but you say you can sue them because you know who they are/she is. At this point even if they post the picture i will still don't believe them. $1.00 <url>"office". My guess: Home address. @Everyone Let's not miss the golden prize here. There must be other internet news groups to submit this news to. Can anyone think of any? @Manoko - Unfortunately, I've dealt with two Kickstarter scams in the past (one for $80k, the other for $200k), and Kickstarter doesn't get involved. They still get their 9% of the funding raised whether the project is fake or not, so they aren't very motivated to take any action at all. Welp XD @manoko you can refresh the site too, to eliminate changing text somehow, but @GXP you can post something, prove about the "threat", prove the project. Sure if you take a picture of your wife wearing it, you will take more pictures. Only one? come on.. Too much false information too much missing details. Only 3d models and only one picture that not clear and looks like phostosheped Just look at those figures plummet, 10k in about an hour! Keep spreading it Manoko: I have no doubt in you. You were one of GXP's most avid defenders, so you dug deeper than anyone to find proof of their authenticity in order to shut up the naysayers, but ended up finding just the opposite. There is nobody wiser than one who has seen both sides of the coin. @Manoko Good job,but I just want to remind you that making a fake Facebook page is very easy,you should make a steady proof. Or just call the police,tell to kickstarter whatever. @Marco Mertins And yes, I CAN photoshop a video. That is not so hard to me,but I'm not so boring. @GXP You should make this kickstarter project pause,and show something real to us. We don't mind getting few days delay. If they actually receive any money I mean, if Kickstarter isn't quick enough. @Eversome well done Thank You! Guys, if any of you want to contact the police and sue the persons behind this project, I'm up for it as well. They try to make a liar out of me, facebook records every message you send on their website, the police will have no problem confirming that I am not lying ! Wow. The guy behind this project is showing to be more and more of a fool minute by minute. @Nick they will probably claim now that the old image was never posted here and has been faked by "conspiracy theorists" to discredit them! lol @GXP Please, give me your office address. As you very well know, you have none. @Eversome - Wooooow! well done. This has kept me entertained all day. Oh and I have also dropped my pledge to $1.00 If this isn't a scam, then explain this: <url>"@Alexandre, we are away from the office this week." Hey that's no lie, they probably don't even have an office Wow. Just... wow. This has to be the worst attempt to cover up a fraud I've seen. Great job. To all who dropped the pledge to $1 but still keep it to be able to comment, don't forget to remove the last $ before the finding period is over. $2500 is Still quite a bit of money. No Manoko, I believe you. I was saying that, while a video could be faked, it couldn't be done in the limited time you had. You have proved yourself, they have not and cannot. Furthermore, the message doesn't even matter in the big picture here. It's just another tiny bit of evidence in a huge pile against GXP. Thank you Manoko! :) I'm out... reducing to a $1 pledge. This is getting ridiculous. Unless there is more proof, I'm staying at $1. I can't trust the company, I can't trust the product. Everything seems shady and a cover-up. @Alexandre - They can't post it - the video is still in post production XD @MANOKO nice job @GXP away, that's convenient. @Manoko They're just trying to deflect the issue, but it's not working, they're losing hundreds of dollars a minute. @GXP Yeah right, this video software is my iphone you lier ! @GXP Then please do provide some PROOF!!!! Manoko has uploaded his video, upload yours. @Manoko, I think you will find the community here on Kickstarter is more inclined to believe you. You have provided much more prof that GXP and based on that alone I think you will find the gross majority of individuals are backing you up - fret not @Manoko Thank you sir, you made me lol lets see it then, your move GXP Everyone, Make sure you reduce your pledge to $1 or cancle all together and report this by clicking "home", scroll to the bottom and click "report this project to kickstarter", use the option "this is not a project". Thank you @Robert, I'm sorry I am not as good as them at faking stuff and making things up. But if you need more proof, please ask, I have nothing to hide unlike them. They accuse me of lying, that's crazy ! What king of creators are they, whay kind of people are they ?! On 480p, you can actually see well enough the text to compare it word by word if you want to, please do it I beg you. After everything I said here, after all the money they are trying to rob ! It would maybe be possible to fake a video as well, but not in that amount of time. There is no way Manoko is lying about this. Just another addition to the lies of GXP and proof of their scam. Good stuff. @Manoko - good on you for the video, just a suggestion though, you may want to do another video holding your phone landscape so as you give a better view of all of the words, and maybe start the video on a different page and LOAD the chat page to show it isn't a photo with a text box. But other than that - good idea "@manoko, nice try." @GXP Still waiting on your version then I can't be clearer than that, they can't be shadier ! Compare the video with my message, I even type in the video to prove that it's not some kind of weird photo, I make the mouse pointer go on the text to show you this is real as well ! @GXP Manoko put up a video, where's your proof? Or are you going to continue your act of smoke and mirrors to discredit Manoko so his voice won't be heard, to hide your secret? @GXP Of course you'll be happy, you will have gotten away with scamming 200K out of people. I'd be very happy to have that kind of money too. @GXP WTF nice try ?! Guys, see for yourself !!! Wait, here's the video: <url>#1 I'm sorry for not believing you, but you have not exactly been honest and trustworthy. You have been caught in a lie on multiple, separate occasion. So I won't take you word for it. And anyways, you have not legal obligation to refund people, so why do it? #2 Manoko has provided proof of the message he sent you. What have YOU provided? #3 Very good choice, going away at the last moment when you can't back your claims, or provide any sort of proof. Everyone, Make sure you reduce your pledge to $1 or cancle all together and report this by clicking "home", scroll to the bottom and click "report this project to kickstarter", use the option "this is not a project". Thank you nope 2585 Without counting how many are pledging $1 just so they can opine here 2586 now 2600? You mean 2587 and dropping? I'm supposed to be writing a thesis right now, but how can I while all of this is going on?! This is the most ridiculous thing I have seen in ages Also guys, don't wait too long to reduce your pledge, as per the Kickstarter Terms of Use ( <url>"[Backers] may not cancel or reduce their pledge if the campaign is in its final 24 hours and the cancellation or reduction would drop the campaign below its goal." I've made a video with my iPhone, sorry for the quality but you can atleast see that it is the same content, same words. same hours. Let me upload it. Losing 20k overnight.. You'd think you'd take a plane back home quickly just to take a picture.. Goodluck losing another 60-100k over the next few hours. Hopefully the loss totals 380k and the funding falls through. Should have waited another two days for that vacation. Good stuff Monoko, that will completely discredit them. Ok guys, I'll try to take a video connecting to my fb account and going to my messages. You'll see who's the honest one here. "All the materials and parts are sourced. The circuit designer is all but hired..." Ok, are we supposed to take your word on that. How about some proof? <url>"a few naysayers" which is "normal" with any project? There time wasted giving useless responses and assuring us they have responded to all objections (which they haven't) could have easily been spent stepping up to the plate and proving their product. They use vacation as a excuse, but they were asked for this info some time before they decided to go on vacation. It seems to me they may be going into hiding, rather than on vacation. Everyone, do not wait until the last few hours to reduce your pledge to $1 or cancel. Do so ASAP so others can wonder why the amount is going down and see for themselves by either comments or the Kicktraq trend @GXP, so you have no idea how what the prototype looks like yourself ? you never had one nearby ? It's not be cause you are away from the office ? And because you refuse to post bad quality pictures ? Make up your mind man ! Wow... dropped my pledge to $1 and will cancel if GXP does not step up here. You're going on vacation for the last three days of the campaign when there are so many backers asking for proof of this prototype?? Are you kidding me?!?! You've got people ready to give you upwards of $400,000 and you don't respect that enough to provide proof that your product exists? I'm out, this is ridiculous. You're too busy? Our money isn't worth the couple minutes it would take you to make a video to prove the thing even exists? Everyone, Make sure you report this by clicking "home", scroll to the bottom and click "report this project to kickstarter", use the option "this is not a project". Thank you @GXP, you just lost 20k$, now can't you go back to your office and take those pictures ? To get back your 20k$? (yesterday you were in you office, so you can be that far) These backers are dropping like flies. Just reduced my pledge to $1 Summary thus far for anyone still on the fence: Photo analysis programs have shown the photos to be fake ( <url>’s domain doesn’t resolve, email addresses fail. On top of that according to the published timeline at this point in time they are supposed to be "Redesign[ing] a PCB which includes the amplifier and microprocessor on one board", but instead they're "Taking a well deserved break" for 5 days. Conveniently can't take any videos of the device because they're nowhere near the office, and decided not to take this device on holidays with them. Perhaps they’re taking a break from lucid dreams too. They keep saying that they have resolved all the issues, but they totally haven’t, as evidenced by the $20,000 of backers who are backing away. (Note $20k is half of the original $40k goal) And still, they can’t be bothered to head back to the office to take a quick video… Heck I’d think that $20k (so far) would be plenty of motivation to take a quick trip (even if you were halfway around the world) back to the office to appease your supporters. just dropped my pledge down to 0$ @Manoko, you can always use a software like Team Viewer and log into your account with other people looking at your screen and show the message as it is. So GXP has time to post on the comments but hasn't had the time in the past days to address any of the concerns raised? C'mon man. Comments and concerns have been addressed? Uhm, no. People are asking for more pictures of your prototype. You ignoring them is a red flag this might be a scam. @Dave Here's the same image on your website: <url>"we are not responsible" clause in your project page, that isnt a legally binding contract, and you can still be held legally responsible for fraud None of the concerns have been addressed. The picture is photoshopped and you won't take a new one. I just dropped my pledge down to a dollar. All this talk of a scam and no evidence to prove it's not has got me spooked. @GXP if you have a working prototype please make a short video of it as proof and I will be happy to up my pledge again. thanks. Everyone, they say I changed the messages so it's my word against theirs. Who doesn't want to show you real photos of product you bought ?! Who's saying they are on vacation but come back each time they find a way to attack on of us ?! @GXP, yes really, I did not lie ! @Manoko You can make a screen recording video and scroll up and down the page Suriname the video. You can't photoshop a video! I've posted this before, but I'll repost it here just to be on the safe side. Let me start by saying that I live in Quebec. The Registry only proves that a company *exists* legally. Anyone can start a company, on paper, using this. This is what I've found when looking at the Quebec Enterprise registry: GXP Technologies DOES NOT exist. Even subsidiaries must be registered. And about Caluka Group: First off, it is an individual company with no employees. Secondly, there are no business address. Thirdly, its Primary Industry Sector is Informatic Services (IT Consultations) and its Secondary Industry Sector is Precious Metals Recycling. Fourthly, they have used multiple aliases throughout the years in Quebec...Why the need for so many different names? For those who want to read the full report (in French): <url>"real message" from him. They can't post a real photo or a real video. Why? They are super busy. Never mind the fact that they spend plenty of time researching Michael and his project, arguing of Monako's message that none of us really care about, and repeating stupid phrases about how they are a real business and thanking us for understanding that they refuse to validate their selves or their product. It would be utter folly to back this project if things don't change seriously and quickly. That said, if you are really excited about this type of product, wait and see if it's real and if it gets good reviews. If so, it will be worth the 299, would it not? I just don't understand why we can't get one picture or video If this is legit you have a lot of money to make, and if the product works you have even more. Why not just give the backers what they want to ensure this projects success? full screen screenshot @GXT, where are the pictures man :) Guys, can anybody smart tell me a way to show you that the messages are indeed not modified ? Please, I want to prove them wrong so badly, once again. I bet Kickstarter will step in, cancel this project, and file a police report Aaaand reported for "not a project". What a f*cking disappointment. At first I thought "FINALLY! It's happening!". Finally a way to LD regularly. But noooo. A scam -_- Yes please, show us the real messages GXP !!! I'm curious to see it. We'll then contact facebook if the police wants to know the truth. Good idea Wayne - cancel your campaign and go somewhere else - as you did with all your projects in the past. @manoko IS NOT THE PROBLEM HERE STOP PUBLISHING BS P""""ys They didn't contact the police, because they are truly lying right now. This is insane ! "Now, if we cannot get back to discussing the development of our product, we won't have any choice but to seek our funding from another source." We have been doing so for days, and you have been ignoring us. And to everyone else, don't let GXP derail Monoko's claims with BS about threats, its just a sideshow @GXP - people are freaking out because you are being suspiciously difficult and defensive - just post a video and/or some pictures - throw us a bone here GXP Post his real message then, if his posting was false You can show us what he really wrote to you Guys, I can assure you, I give you my word, I did not change a single letter from this message !!!! @GXP Stop saying nonsense. You are about to get our money, you give us no way to contact you on this page, you do not reply to our questions via the contact feature. OH MY GOD, You're accusing me of photoshopping now !!!!! GXP Just give us pictures! We need to see a design prototype for how the headphone jack will fit into the head band and still be able to sleep on our side comfortably Why would you go on vacation at a time like this? Thats just even sketchier @GXP - Simple fix is to post photos and get things back on track. I've heard of the cool suggestion of an audiofiledatabse or rather a communitydatabase for maybe lots of different stuff to share. I assume you heard of it, but there is a very similar project on Kickstarter, that just got funded. It's Shadow (<url>"Hello, I am Manoko from Kickstarter. Just wanted to let you know that if it is indeed a scam and Kickstarter doesn't end the campaign before its completion, we know who you are now. If you're indeed saying the truth, please take a little break from your vacation to show us the prototypes, and non photoshoped pictures of it please. Sincerely, someone you apparently tried to fuck over." I don't know why anyone would care that your business is registered? Personally I would be more impressed with a self-introduction video. Putting your name and face on a screen and telling us who you are, why this project is important to you, and what you are planning to do is to me more important than having an above-the-board business. But that's just me... Look at them, this is pathetic. We are the bad guys now, this is ridiculous. It was not a threat at all, it's simply saying that if you're not delivering, we have a way to know who you are. Since you're spending so much time trying to hide it from us. @Luisor You're very welcome my friend. It is morally normal. @Ricky I'll update my message to include the instructions to report the project. Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>#20 just now, I'm even more confident with my decision to withdraw. Lethargic/apathetic team or scammers...neither one do I want a part of. I'm hoping a motivated team somewhere builds a unit like this....the "success" of this KS shows an obvious demand. Lawl GXPs newest update: we can't make a video proving we're legit because of our spontaneous mid-week three day vacation we've decided to take with 3 days left in our campaign. Thank you for your money have a nice day What's the best way to report the project? I wanted to believe so much that it blurred my mind, but there's just too many proof to dený the truth Thanks guys, specially to Manoko, who really put a lot of effort on letting us know what this is about and fighting for it. We owe you. I think we all can take a leap of faith to some point, but after seeing the original luci photo and the -more- photoshopped version they posted after we got them enough is enough, <url>`e just reduced it to 1 $ , good work for all the proofs and evidence that you people managed to bring up front :) thanks in advance for letting me and others realizing that not any shinny is gold. They're not coming back but they are still walking away with most of our money @Ben Cranna, I know they aren't, just in case somebody still has faith in them, that's the best thing to do (drop to 1$, untill they come clean). So I've followed a lot of campaigns and backed only those where the creator believes in the product and has a passion for it. I've reduced my pledge to $1 because I can't imagine anyone who is about to have a very successful finish to just up and leave the community when they have legit questions or requests. (Real pics or video of the product) Step up. Do the right thing and prove that you deserve my backing and the backing of the other 2600 people who believed you. @Michael Glambeck, it's the exact same picture just the layer slightly rotated. Now imagine YOU want to prove your product is real. Wouldn't you rush to your phone/camera, and take many pictures to prove skeptical people wrong? Or would you take a leave for the few remaining days? GXP are done, I don't think they are coming back. @elad, drop to 1$, watch the comments.. help us spread the word when you are convinced yourself. If GXT comes and meets our demands (which are very simple, we want pictures of the prototype they claim they have and/or a video..) then you can put back your original money. @elad Yes you should, there is no evidence to suggest the product exists What about their comparison of the picture from the manufacturers website and the one from the picture of their prototype? @Elad, I'll give you all the reasons why we withdrew our pledges. You must choose for yourself. Here it is: Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"All available photos and videos of our prototype are on the project page. Thank you for your understanding." Is that enough answer for you? Why would ANYONE refuse that request ? Ever ? @Ian H, I think that it's not legal in canada or the United States to rob banks. And yet people do. For less than that amount of money. I think for 400k$ some people can ignore any law. Now, if that was legit, why the heck he's not able to send us some pictures ? He explicitly denied this request. Would he, if his project was legit ? @Ian the legal agreement states that they only have to deliver what they have promised to the backers. What have they promised? Nothing. They state in the risks and challenges that they cannot promise we will get our rewards @Mike Park - Are you kidding? People are providing lots of reasons to be skeptical. You're either not paying attention or you're a puppet account for the creator team. @Mike Park - We spotted that the only picture of Luci is fake. - GXT denied that at first, but then they admited it and said it was for clarity reasons. Which is not because the whole device is photoshopped in the picture. - We asked GXT for some other pictures, which is normally, not very much to ask. It is as simple as taking pictures with a phone and putting them on the site. They refused to do so. - Right after that, the owner disappeared from the internet (deleted his FB profile), and said he would take a leave for the remaining days. Can you imagine somebody loosing backers (20k$ so far) and deciding to take a leave for the remaining tow days, while ignoring the 100s of people backing of ?? While he can take 5 minutes of his time and upload a 1min video or a dozen pictures to get back the lost backers ? @Andrew, in Canada and the United States, a disclaimer such as that does not void a legal agreement. A legal agreement can't be voided, legally, without consent of both parties. For that disclaimer to mean something, Kickstarter would need to tell GXP they doesn't have to fulfill their promises. I think the main picture has actually been proven as fake 3 or 4 different ways. The only pictures they have posted have either been renderings or photo shopped. Won't give us any new pictures, it's take 10 seconds. They disappeared. More reasons. Read a few hundred comments, surely you can do that much with $150 on the line. Go to reddit, too. <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"hah. thats a TDA7293 Parallel 250W Mono Power Amp. let that sink in a moment. 250 watts. into a pair of headphones. (usually rated at 300-500mw, or 0.3-5 watts for those who don't know the ratios). orders of magnitude much? these amps aren't terribly useful for signals that aren't audio, and a simple headphone amp of any origin could give them audio output from a 9v battery, these things require at least 30v ac and probably around 35-50volt amps. this is always done via crazy heavy block transformer, or toroid coil, and those are usually pretty heavy themselves. the amp is indeed edited into the image, as the angles of everything match too exactly. from skew, to the placement of the labels on the components, and having worked with electronics parts for the last 20 years, i can tell you nothing is that precise when it comes to the labels. this completely ignores the fact that the in/out wires are stuck into the tops of the terminals. protip 'shoppers: if you're gonna do this, make the wires go in the sides, as the tops are where the screws are to adjust tension to keep the wires in. angled wire edge, no actual wire after the white. the white edge found on almost all boards from the cutting apart is absent, and from all samples i've seen of these amps, they've never been absent the typical white rough cut edge. so, amp costs 30ish, from alibaba, power unit to feed this and a case to house that, plus amp, plus heatsink, puts you around 100$ish, possibly more. now, imagine lugging or even just installing this thing that weighs almost as much as your standard stereo receiver and gets about as warm, and uses almost as much energy. yeah, i thought not. to continue, the board next to it (the blackish one) looks like some flavor of audrino, which has amp capabilities (audio out via pin setup) and addon cards for all sorts of things, as well as the possibility of being powered by a single 9v and can do just about all of the stuff they could possibly want without need for anything as insanely powerful for this application as a mono audio power amp. this makes the power amp is superfluous! reference amp by itself original shot of supposed prototype updated prototype image note washed out everything and they managed to cut out the mounting holes this round! doesn't fix the left most 'wires' though as they still appear to be flat white curves instead of the nicely shaded set on the audrino looking board. inconsistencies people! do your homework! uhh... how is this supposed to be something totally not shopped in? okay, so you sourced a new angle shot. the 'wires' are identical (and still flat white curves) the placement of everything else is the same, and all you really did was swap in a new chopped up variant and jacked the light curves to annoying. Hahaha. see above comments about size of housing for amplifier, as well as actual need for it. audrino/clone? maybe. so, price of audrino and case and whatever may run you around 50ish the electrodes run around 75c when bought in 100 packs, headphones are dirt cheap if bought in bulk, and i'm sure finding a source for silicone headbands can't be terribly hard if you plan on buying oodles and oodles. so i'm tagging this at about 75-80 max, add in a minor profit margin for giggles and i'd put it around $100 even. 150? not a chance. now me, if i were doing this, i'd have the audrino code perfected before hand, so it was a simple upload and package deal. (not that i believe in this sort of schtick, but whatever.) so, my .02? major scam. cheers." No, I'm not saying that a legal investigation would go anywhere, I'm just pointing out the technically they are required to, by law. People break law all the time, I don't think we cam do anything unless the project is stopped by Kickstarter. "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill" @Ian H There was another scam on KS: <url>"This is not a project". Reduce your pledge to $1 and eventually cancel it. Please go to: <url>"plif" and "3firstnames94" and give them a thumbs up so others can see that Luci is a scam! Help other people get there money back before its too late! Thank you. No, they have no obligation and kickstarter will not investigate this is taken from Ian's link: It's the project creator's responsibility to complete their project. Kickstarter is not involved in the development of the projects themselves. Kickstarter does not guarantee projects or investigate a creator's ability to complete their project. On Kickstarter, backers (you!) ultimately decide the validity and worthiness of a project by whether they decide to fund it. No, dropped to $5, for the ebook. I don't trust them, I was just pointing it out. So Ian H do you still have Your pledge of 150$? Pledge dropped from $175 to $1 I was going to have faith but things are just too suspicious at the moment. If GXP can come in and clean this mess up I, like many others will reconsider. Until then I'll be patiently waiting for an update. I urge those yet to do so, to do the same, its the best way to get their attention. Correction, "server" was meant to be "service" @Majid, they do have an obligation. By signing up for Kickstarter and using this server the have a legal obligation to fulfill reward. When starting a project, you agree to the TOS, which creates a legally binding agreement that says you must fulfill the rewards. No matter what they said, they still agreed. See here <url>#Acco Have you seen what they wrote under Risks and challenges? I have baked several projects and read several more but sth like thi I have never seen and as far as I know it is against the kickstarter rules: Risks and challenges "As you know, some things can take longer and some can take less time than anticipated. We hope that you will understand if there are unavoidable delays or complications. The appropriation of funds shall remain at our discretion. Use of funds may include (but not limited to) product development, travel, debt repayment, facilities and utilities. If the project does not reach completion, any unused portion will be refunded to those who have rewards still pending and in proportion to the backed amount. We shall not be held legally or financially responsible under any circumstances. As a backer, you accept these terms and conditions." Kickstarter says in its Terms of Use: "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." @Lorenzo Pappaletteran that's where most people are wrong. They DO NOT have any obligations. Read on the project description: --> "If the project does not reach completion, any unused portion will be refunded to those who have rewards still pending and in proportion to the backed amount. We shall not be held legally or financially responsible under any circumstances. As a backer, you accept these terms and conditions." -- ie: if they use 380k to buy a house and the car in the name of the project, then the remaining 3k will be refunded to backers according to their original pledge. And you can't sue them. Quote from Manoko Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>"I know you guys are on vacation, but I am not. There have been hundreds of people accusing this project of being a scam. I dont wish to stop backing it up yet, but I will unless a formal response proving these comments are wrong is published by GXP Technologies. In my view it is pretty simple to prove this project is real, but taking a vacation is the way to loose my support." It's not even hard to fake the product, since both the Arduino board and the amplifier board are readily available, and it's not hard to attach a few wires to it. Even if they were to show up with this on the last day, I would still be doubtfull unless we could actually see it in action, registering the brainwaves etc. @Brad Bishop, you should drop it now, so more people see that the total pledge is decreasing. If GXT prove themselves innocent (which I doubt they do), then you can return to your original pledge. For now, people need to see this thing decreasing.. Well, thank you :) Very well said Manoko. :) @Brad Those fishy campaigns are hopefully a very small minority of Kickstarter. Don't make an opinion about the entire website only based on this please, you'll likely miss amazing projects if you do that. I can only assume GXP is still reading these commits; I just don’t understand why they wouldn’t step up and reassure their backers; it wouldn’t take much. I was super excited for this product, now it looks like I’ll be dropping my pledge down to 1$ in two days unless they post something. This has been the first Kickstarter I ever backed, and diffidently not seeing backing more projects in the future if this is standard procedure. I think what worries me is not the problems with the photos so much as the extreme simplicity of taking a few extra photos of the device, whatever state it is in, from different angles. If they took all of 30 seconds to take half a dozen photos and post them here they would have an instant $20k of backers re-pledging. Surely $20k is worthy of 2 minutes effort? Hey, I was following some comments for a couple of days. I didn't backed just because this looked like a fraud, now I'm sure 100%! At the begging I've searched the company in Google, didn't found a thing about the company. In GXP's bio, they wrote that they were involved with software engineering and web hosting. So sure a company with this past, that exists from 1998 would have a web site or someway to contact them. But nope, not even a trace. So I sent them a message a couple of days ago. Didn't answer my questions. Now with this Photoshopped picture that is clearly a fake, I'm 100% sure. THIS IS A FRAUD. Proofs: can't contact a website-hosting company? image is fake - too much brightness and no reflection on the table in the voltage regulator circuit. and a lot of misinformation in the page. Also I've seen someone who did something like this idea (luci), and the electrodes should be in the front, where is skin. Im glad to wake up and find that we have made such an impact. @Nekratal I second that bit about PR. XD @Michael Yes, this would never have been accepted in any other business form. They think we are so dumb they can photoshop everything and we'll open our wallets for us to take what they want. This makes me furious, I hope they either show up soon and succeed in reassuring everyone worries (which at this point, to me at least, seems pretty impossible, but we'll see). @ João Paulo de Carvalho Menezes I agree that they are not a big company and might not have experience with such a kind of project. However the "demands" of the community are not really that hard to meet: Make some photos / videos - which any normal phone can do nowadays. Their unwillingness to do such simple things to reassure the backers is really fishy. The best thing to do is to report the project and hope that KS will take a look before the funding period is over. When they find out it's a scam they can close it and save a lot of people a lot of money. If they find out it's not a scam GXP should seriously hire someone for PR the next time but we can re-pledge safely Sorry for posting that twice not sure what happened there @João Paulo de Carvalho Menezes, seriously what more concrete then them disappearing as soon as we discovered the pictures are photoshopped? What's more concrete then them not sending a picture of their prototype, which is, the least they can do to avoid the hassle ? How hard is it, if there was an actual product? @Manoko yes that is important as well but we only have 60 hours to make both kickstarter and the people aware of the situation. If kickstarter can't do anything about this then GXP will walk away with our money. We have to contact the backers so they can take the money out themselves. But we should definitely keep fighting from both angles and hope for the best @Manoko yes that is important as well but we only have 60 hours to make both kickstarter and the people aware of the situation. If kickstarter can't do anything about this then GXP will walk away with our money. We have to contact the backers so they can take the money out themselves. But we should definitely keep fighting from both angles and hope for the best @João While I really wish I could give GXP and the project the benefit of the doubt (I was among the 500 backers of the original Limited Edition tier!)... For them to respond to the image of their prototype being found to be doctored, by then not only refusing to post any other images of working prototypes to reassure backers, not only further replace the original image with another image that was even more easily found to also be a doctored image, but to also disappear for a holiday right in the middle of the last 72 hours of the funding period? ... Well, it just simply doesn't inspire any confidence that the ~$400k pledged by backers would ever result in a real product. @Ken That's a pretty nice way to look at it. No creator, honest at least, would prefer losing that much money over facing their backers and replying to their worries. @Andrew To me, the most important thing is making Kickstarter aware of this. Even if you spread it all across the internet web, there will still be a lot of people missing out the info and backing up if they decide that it's shady and aren't trusting GXP anymore. @ross simmonds, I'm saying if this were not a scam (hypothetically) , I would be answering questions left right and center, making sure nobody is unsure of whats happening. Guys, I am not stating that they are 100% real. But we can't also prove that they are 100% fake. All I am saying is: don't expose them before having any concrete things. As I said, they are not a big company, and after all the charges, I belive that I would be very stressed at us and wouldn't record a video just out of pride. Which is not an excuse for them to do so, but it is a possibility. We shouldn't sentence them like that, we shouldn't expose their personal life for that. That's all I am saying. I think we have well established, with concrete evidence, that this is most likely a scam. But now I think the right thing to do is focus our energy in spreading the word elsewhere. If we don't do this thousands of people will be ripped off and GXP will walk away unscathed. I first wrote this message last night and have been posting it since: Everyone, report this project. Use the scenario "This is not a project". Reduce your pledge to $1 and eventually cancel it. Please go to: <url>"plif" and "3firstnames94" and give them a thumbs up so others can see that Luci is a scam. Also use your other social media accounts like Facebook and Twitter by using hashtags like #luci and #kickstarter and state that this project is a scam! Help other people get there money back before its too late! Thank you. PS Copy and paste this message if you want I'll probably post it at least ten times myself. Good luck everyone! One thing that we could do that I left out is contact a local news station. We're dealing with a lot of money and I'm sure some news station somewhere will be glad to take this story. Thank you This "vacation" has already cost them $15k... @João Paulo de Carvalho Menezes Lets say you put together a great device, then an investor offered you close to half a million dollars as a support but only if you posted a short video of your device online or take a few non modifed pictures of the gadget. Now, would you do it? or would you announce that you are going for vacation? Why? He just has to sit tight and hope kickstarter dont intervene. Then the 400kbis in the bank. I'm still keeping with this project, I do not believe, that Wayne would wonder away now, at this extremely crucial moment. If you had almost 400K ready to be put in your bank, wouldn't you be working more, answering questions, making sure you get the money? @João Paulo de Carvalho Menezes Why wont they prove us its real? @Sascha Don't worry, I got this thing covered for a while longer at least. Thanks anyway, thanks to everybody who made that switch happen, from being blindfully taking everything GXP said as the truth, to actually questioning them to the point they couldn't defend themselves anymore and had to flee. @João Paulo de Carvalho Menezes You're very right, I am not saying this is a scam yet, but we have more proof that it is than not. I agree about what you say concerning their right to not expose themselves, though to be honest I don't quite understand why they wouldn't simply show the prototype then. @manoko: sadly i have in moment only internet with my Smartphone so i can't copy and paste but I hope kickstarter will react because of our reports. @ William: good luck for your project, would be great if somebody serious cuold realise the idea If the product is real, and ends up getting good reviews, it'll be worth the $299 asking price. I'll just wait and see I guess. @Ben @Svein @William Eric and Kroth I've got a few ideas about who would be a very nice addition to creating such a wonderful project. William Eric and Kroth, I'll share my thoughts when you get back to me. This brings hope again to this campaign, in a very weird way. Haha. :D Me too @William Hey guys, I have been following the discussion since the beginning and I think there a few things we should consider before sentencing them: 1) The information is blurry, that's true. However, they are not a big company, as far as we can tell, they seem to be a couple plus a few friends that are helping with the project. That can explain a lot about the "bad" communication, they simply haven't a customer care or experience in dealing with people. I know that, as customers, we want the best, but it's reasonable to take into account that we are not talking with a huge company that has many people envolved in the process. 2) They reserve the right to not expose themselves as people. What I mean by that? I think it is a bit harsh to expose their personal life, such as Facebook account, pictures and home address. I mean, I could understand all that hate if we backed them, and in February we discover that they really scammed us. But, before that, really, we can only complain that they are not communicating with us the way we want. 3)We still don't have concrete proofs of anything. So, consider the act of actually saying 'THIS IS A SCAM, DON'T PLEDGE". I mean, I am a bit suspicious about it too, but I'm still pledging 150 CAD and I think it is very fair that you guys expose the weird stuff, but to say it is a scam, you are simply making people take the conlcusions way too fast. Just say it is suspicious and expose your point of view, but let people come to the project themselves and take their conclusions. To simply create a hashtag for LUCI and say it is a scam, well, you're not only damaging them, but can also be damaging the people that are pledging, because it will make less funds to be gathered. After all, every project in Kickstarter is a leap of faith, as GPX well said, if you can't trust it, you might wait until February and buy it. I really get that you are all skeptical, because I'm a bit too, I think that Michael's considerations are way more constructive, saying that, maybe, the product won't have such a successful rate as high as they claim, but that's a whole different story. So, just be more prudent about the info of real people that you are sharing. Good luck to all of us with LUCI! Same here. @William Eric Kroth Alright, just sent you an email. for those of you who are interested, this is my college email address: <email> I'll wait til tmr and see if GXP replies, if not I am going to reduce the pledge to 1 as well @william eric kroth's brother I am very intrested as well I don't feel entirely comfortable giving my Facebook account, I'll put my email on my bio. Will('s brother) I would be interested in this project. That being said i have no idea on how to send a PM on here @William Eric Kroth I am highly interested. You can find my name on my profile, I say this because I don't find a way to send you a message on Kickstarter. My facebook page is named exactly as my real name, go check my profile and drop me a message. Hello guys, my two brothers want to make an actual "LUCI" if this campaign turns out to be a scam. They were going to back this project until the company decided to be unprofessional and started to act suspicious. Actually one of them is typing up this message. So I'll just drop the third person talking. :P I was so disappointed in the project. On top of that, I go to college and I have a few ideas. If some of the professors say that my ideas may actually work, I would like to make my own EILD (externally induced lucid dream) device which will hopefully work better then what is currently out there and be cheaper... hopefully. If you want to stay in touch after this kickstarter campaign just send me a private message to this account... I'm looking at you Manoko, Micheal coder, Alexandre Dubé-Pakenham, Ben Cranna, and anyone who has been here since the beginning, making comments. Though I do hope that this company is just only being unprofessional and that's all it is. @GXP Hey MR!!!!!! take a look :) <url>#chart-daily And this is the facebook page of his wife, do you want it integrated in my "compilation" comment ? <url>"Luci Is A Scam", Wayne Kendall said that he doesn't have a facebook account and that Martine his wife is camera shy, well, lies again: <url>#luci and #kickstarter to tweet that this is a scam I just did @Ken I would love if someone could take inspiration from this project and make a real one here on Kickstarter. They already know that there is a high-demand for it at least (seeing the financing of this project). Unfortunately, I do not have enough knowledge I think to make this happen myself. Though, I'll try to get into those things seriously and hopefully will be able to make one myself. But let's not give GXP the weapon they want to attack us, this is purely speculative and I do not consider launching a project like this anytime soon. Don't want them to say I am a naysayer because I want their product to fail, they already used this trick on Michael Paul Coder. @Manoko Yeah, I was really excited too, I saw your posts back at the start and know how excited you were. The awesomeness of this idea will be replicated somewhere else. Perhaps Michael Coder will do a kickstarter with his project, cause I really want something like this. Heck, I would have been happy even if it didn't trigger a lucid dream, just let me record my sleep patterns and wake me up at the right time. Unfortunately you just don't treat your backers the way these guys have done to us. Even if it turns out that this is real, I'm not sure I would be comfortable supporting them at this point. Everyone, report this project. Use the scenario "This is not a project". Reduce your pledge to $1 and eventually cancel it. Please go to: <url>"plif" and "3firstnames94" and give them a thumbs up so others can see that Luci is a scam. Also use your other social media accounts like Facebook and Twitter by using hashtags like #luci and #kickstarter and state that this project is a scam! Help other people get there money back before its too late! Thank you. PS Copy and paste this message if you want I'll probably post it at least ten times myself. Good luck everyone! Thanks manoko for the alert! i hope KICKSTARTER will act on time. Also special thanks to Michael Paul Coder. One of the first sceptic. Yeah, a lot of us are responsible for exposing this scam attempt. I feel pretty bad about Michael Paul Coder to be honest, a few days ago when he started to warn us no one took what he was saying seriously. That's enough. I've been following the last developments of this "photoshop" thing, and I can't understand why GXP won't post a simple video of the actual prototype. You don't have to show any face, just a video of your protoype, to ensure us of its authenticity. You cleary refused to provide this very simple thing, and this is really suspicious. I backed for 150$, and i'm certainly not the only one. My trust in this project is now really shaken, i'm taking my pledge back. It's a real shame... Yeah thanks manoko, it was a team effort, but you definitely did most of it :) @Daryl Thanks a lot my friend. Yeah, I was pretty pumped about this project as well, lucid dreaming has become one of my passions. I'm so sad that this actually turned the way it is now, it literally made me a little depressed to be honest. If anyone's still looking for the photo they deleted, you can find it here: <url>"Report this" link. As I said, go to the home page of this project. Scroll down to the very bottom, there is a way to report the project there. How can we notify Kickstarter? image URL at eBay is <url>~~60_12.JPG @Faisal Yes, this is where I found it. @Luci is a scam Thanks a lot for your findings. Him removing is account yesterday when things really got heated may be another sign that he is aware people will try to find him. Backers ! , the image mentioned by Manoko is copied from ebay, go to eBay, do a search for "TDA7293 Parallel 250W Mono Power Amp assembled board high quality" then decide for yourself. He claimed he doesn't have a facebook account. I found it yesteday. He just removed it this morning. Luckily i took some screen shots: His profile, before he removed it: <url>"Too much flash!" image (as lower layer, with colours inverted): <url>"overexposed" due to "too much flash"? Sorry, but that's a no-go. There, corrected: Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"output" on the amplifier board, but i think that ok, its a lighting thing, sure. The natural retort from the group would be to simply post some other pictures from other angles. You have the thing, take some pictures of it and shut the conspiracy theorists up. The shadows are either all wrong, or lit from multiple sources, but the glare on the caps and the logo on the headband is not in keeping with the light levels on the rest of the picture's subjects. Basically they dont change when they should. Now I'm no electrical engineer, well not for the purposes of this comment, but the connections to the amp appear to be rather odd. The top of the blue connection banks are little holes with screws in them. These raise and lower a metal clamp inside the connector that grips the wires as they are inserted parallel to the board, which you should probably try doing before you post the different angle shots suggested in my first point. While sitting wires atop of these screws will indeed provide some operation, the fact that the minescule voltages being read require an oscilloscope to map them would require you to actually use the amplifier connections normally. The all important "Deep Sleep" stage that this product doesnt interfere with (aside from the hangover like headache that will come from having a silicone/latex/perforated silicone band on all night ) isnt actually as important as REM sleep infact you can actually do away with deep sleep. So dont include made up answers in your faq. I feel personally insulted by the sheer lack of effort that has gone into this scam, and you deserve all the guff you'll receive from angry backers. I had high hopes for the product, I believe an ACTUAL product which does something along similar lines could indeed enhance the chances of a person having a lucid dream. The project would be run far more carefully. And for shame, taking a holiday when the most crucial part of your kickstarter campaign is at hand. How did you think that one would pan out ? @Shane-O Thanks, I'll look into it and correct it. @Haimon You can't be more right, A real shame that a lot of backers may not be able to see for themselves before the end of the campaig,. But that's where Kickstarter is our greatest weapon. Please, before cancelling your pledge, report the project to them for further investigation ! 2600+ backers are counting on us, even if they do not know it yet. @Manoko The URL in your message here is broken: "The previous photo, which exposed the black holes problem, can be found here: <url>" I'm gonna cancel my pledge too. I sent them several messages, way before this supposed "vacation" and they didn't even sent me a reply. Now, with all those problems coming to light, and still nothing of them, I'm canceling my pledge. I hope many of those who pledged can come back and see what is really happening. It is a shame that so many do not care about the discussion. Alright Adrian, here is an updated version of my post: Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>"flashy" photoshoped photo after my posts, and this time thought about changing the color of the holes. Just read my posts, and see for yourself the original photo. Adrian, you're refering to the new photoshoped photo of the main page, they changed it since then. You can find the original photo on my post. I find it funny the only name behind all this is "Marty" with no Surname. "Yet, on the complete prototype photo, the table isn't black. If the amplifier was really on the table, the holes would be brown, and yet they are black." -> They are brown buddy... thanks for the comments guys, Im dropping my pledge to $1.... is a shame really, I was hoping for this project to be good :( Please, copy and paste this post as you please. I made the direct URLs of my comments a lot shorter to avoid the website breaking them by shortening them. This is the comment which exposed the photoshoped photos: <url>#comment-5034717 Please, share this post whenever you can, so that new people coming to read the comment can understand and see for themselves that this is a scam ! @Everyone who still doubts what the "naysayers" are saying. Just click on my profile page and see my comments there. You'll find the comment that started this very long and often confusing discussion: the one where I talk about photoshoped pictures and give link. This will prove to you, without a doubt, that all this campaign is fake. I won't be here until the end of the campaign, I refuse to even give them a single dollar. I trust those of you who know the situation very well to keep on informing people about this not-so-well designed scam. @Manoko Thanks man for showing me what you did so that I could remove my pledge in time. I was sceptical in the beginning but I thought they would deliver. @Michael Paul Coder I'd like to apologize to you sincerely. It was hard believing you at first but since my latest findings, it now makes a lot of sense. Sorry mate, and thanks a lot. I really want this project to be real, and actually the so called "naysayers" wouldn't bother me too much. What bothers me is how the problem is handled. The accusations given are valid but the defence is weak. For a team that builds technology capable of reading brainwaves it cannot be too hard to make 2-3 duckface photos with their prototype instead of reposting variations of their old pictures. Also going on vacation might be well earned - I know people who run a KS campaign and they were working their ass off in the last week, so I could understand that - but you cannot just turn your back to those problems and expect to problems to go away. And apart from a professionality standpoint i want to add my personal opinion that the goldseller / buyer site looks very fishy. I will go to 1$ an continue to monitor the next two days but in the end I would rather pay double if this really works than be fooled. Cant kickstarter check THE ip adresses From gxp and Jean-francois and see if they match? @Michael Yes, but I figured this new photoshopped image is so obvious that it doesn't even need to be compared with the last. This is ridiculous, they take us for complete retards. @Sascha You're welcome, now we just need to make sure no one will get scammed. Please, those of you who read this using your brain, report this project to Kickstarter ASAP. 65 hours to go is not long before GXP collect your money and never talk to you again. What's even more ridiculous, on further examination, is how the supposedly "Too much flash!" image: <url>"going on vacation" and coming back a day after the campaign has ended is bullcrap, again, something really fishy. Not to mention this "Jean-François" that never was active in the comments until GXP left, and since then have done nothing to defend them even if it meant to contradict the most basic of logics. Just a suggestion for people who don't know yet if to remove their pledges or not: According to the GXP, this will be available for sale about the same time as the last of the rewards has been shipped. By then there should be quite a few reviews out there. It might cost a few dollars more, but then you at least know what you will be getting (if anything). LOL...glad others have the same suspicion about JF that I commented on earlier...I should have just come out and said it :) "Jean-Francois -- you are quite the spirited advocate. Too bad GXP is on vacation and can't see how well you are going to bat for them........Hey...wait a minute...." This is getting comical...JF hasn't even addressed the accusations that he's really GXP. Don't forget to ditch at the last hour...would hate to leave him still with $2,612 Good night Jean-François, may you retrieve those eyes you seem to have lost. LOLL. Okay, that is really getting stupid. I'm speechless, don't even know what else to say but have fun with your photo forensics! HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!!!!!!! Nighty night. @Jean-François "I pretty much remember he's the one that started the whole discussion with Manoko." At least you recognize me as one of the initial detractors, thanks bro. :p My pledge: $175 -> $1. Will probably remove the last $1 completely before the campaign has ended. @Michael Brand thank you, ill be cancelling my $1 in the final few hours. @Jean-Francois - you are kidding right? You are a troll or something right? Look at those pictures! How have more people not removed their pledge? Show me where GXP explained these images!? This is insane!!!!!!! Jean-François is clearly GXP. Alright, I finished my long dreamy night, time to read all those comments since I went to bed (220+ comments to read !). How can you "hide" things in a photo by just skewing it? You can't. I think GXP explained all those images earlier tonight, no? Anyway, with the 3 days that are left, I would love to actually talk about the product's development. That's what brought me to this discussion board. @Jean-Francois aka @GXP Well what do you think of this irrefutable proof that all the pictures are photoshopped. The band at the least seems to be real in the photo but as you can see in the corner the iPhone has been shopped in. <url>"device" I can hardly say the same. <url>"market" release before I get this even if it means I end up paying x2 of the value that is posted on KS. Ill also get in contact with KS and try to get them to verify a few questions that I think most would like answers ill post back with the results if I can get them in time. @Nayan Kanji Here, I reuploaded all the images for reference... Original image, with the conspicuous black spots in the corners of the PCB: <url>"Sorry, you must think we're blind." Anybody who looks closer to those "big cylinders", can see for themselves that the sleeving for them are EXACTLY the same. No maybe, ifs, or buts about it. I don't think there're many more features they can add to the LUCI anyway. We'll see when they add an update with all their compiled features. And I believe we comment after the campaign has ended. So it doesn't change anything really. I agree, the timing is a little bad, but if the 3 days remaining are not even spent discussing the project, who cares if they took some time off. AHAHAHAHA I've just looked at this image... <url>"Hey, GXP...want to speak up?". In this case clearly the creator is stupid enough to go on vacation during the final few hours of his project....take your money and run! Don;t be one of the suckers who hasn't kept an eye on this project and ultimately the targets this scammer loves to pickpocket! I hope I'm wrong I hope it's all just negative hype! But let's face it...the guy has gone on holiday leaving this $400k project to coast through to the finish line...that is beyond stupid. That sort of money is more than the finalist of "The Apprentice" get. More than the majority of startup's have access to in the first year. More than enough to make some nasty people get greedy! Enjoy your holiday...I'm not getting your beers in! @Jean-Francois Now its just sad. These people gave their money to you, they trusted you, and this is how you treat them? shame on you @Nayan They posted the side-by-side photos directly on the project page. For me, that's honesty. Funny how everybody backed up this project just the way it was. But then... - We thought the photo was photoshoped, but they proved us wrong. - We thought they weren't who they said they were, but their business registration proved us wrong. But now we want a video, and if we don't have it, we're backing out. If they provide a video, we'll want something else! I'd be taking a vacation too! loll please link the first image, it comes up with access denied for me. i have seen the one with the transparent holes I've been looking at the side by side pcb's. One of them has 2.5 yellow things showing behind those big cylinders (sorry, I have no clue in electronics) and the other one has 1.5 yellow things showing. And the pins look like they're bent in the one on the left. It's not the same board. This is important because this is something that has caused everyone to panic. And they provided strong proof (to me anyway) that it's not the case. I hope the band can second as a blind cover for those bright sunny mornings you just wanna go back to sleep and hope for another lucid dream @Jean-Francois Sorry, you must think we're blind. Using photo-manipulation software to rotate the PCB slightly and add transparent holes into it... Doesn't do much when it's bleedingly obvious that the sleeving for the components on the PCB are also EXACTLY the same as the source image that was found on the net. @Jean-Francois The pcb's don't look the same because GXP cropped the image, removed the black from the screw holes with the "wand tool" and brought the brightness up almost double, then added a layer mask to only affect the Pcb board and the headband. Simple shit easy editing! Im a student photgrapher and i know when someone who doesn't know how to use photoshop gets ahold of a image. Also the board in the original image from online has some depth to the chip, looking closely into the image they have, its paper thin! you deleted parts of the image u could not see! and resulted in making the image more fake! This user's account has been deleted. jean-francois, can`t you see the wiring is fake? I like how the input of the amplifier is connected to the microcontroller and the output is connected to the headband.. <url>"video" @Jean-Francois Away from the office, in contradiction to their own timeline ("Nov. 11 to Nov. 22 - Redesign a PCB which includes the amplifier and microprocessor on one board.")... And in the critical last 72 hours of a KS project funding period, right as serious concerns about the legitimacy of the project was being brought up by multiple backers, and some of the images used for the project was discovered to have been photoshopped? Sorry, you're just providing support to SnookumsBooboo's guess that you're actually a plant. Thanks for the name. I Googled it and came up with this... <url>#Acco They do have an obligation fulfill the rewards @Jean-Fracois They can write whatever they want, but when they started the project the legally agreed to the Kickstarter TOS therefore creating a legal bind that says the have to fulfill their rewards. Read more here about their obligations. <url>#Acco @Everyone Jean-Francios is likely a plant. And not the leafy kind, the underhanded kind. Look at how he just recently joined kickstarter. Backed only ONE project, and feels the need to comment ONLY to white knight GXP. At this point anyone that thinks this is real, deserves to be get scammed really. I mean come on, I do financial and business due diligence for a living, when the owner refuses to do a simple thing like taking a picture or a video, its rather obvious something is up. Shame, I was very excited about LUCI This user's account has been deleted. @Jean-Francois Please, tell me how these two images (note especially that the cables' location are exactly the same): <url>"competitor", you mean Michael Paul Coder's OPEN SOURCE project? Jean-Francois, there is no evidence Michael is trying to sell anything. I dont care about company names, trademarks, going on vacation, taxes etc. What I care about is that the prototype photo is FAKE. If you zoom in it is obviously a cut and paste job. Then check out the fotoanalytics links. If he has a working prototype then why would he post a faked image? LOLL. Since when is having a Facebook an obligation??? Even I don't have a Facebook account! Boycotted it a long time ago. Caused too many personal issues. And from GXP's comment regarding Facebook, it appears to be the case too. This user's account has been deleted. Jean-Francois -- you are quite the spirited advocate. Too bad GXP is on vacation and can't see how well you are going to bat for them........Hey...wait a minute.... This user's account has been deleted. No offense, but they have no obligation to do anything! Especially because of some competitor who planted doubts in people's heads. I have a general question for you knowledgeable people. Can raw data from the electrodes be exported into the open-source software that exists out there? Like on OpenEEG's web site? This user's account has been deleted. @Jean-Francois it may all be over reaction...there may be genuine explanations for all these questions but...by simply not being here to quell these issues and set minds at ease, they will lose backers. If I had $400k sitting in an account for me. I would sure as he'll defend it and do my best to ensure it was hitting my bank account at some stage! I hope in wrong about GXP. I sincerely hope they are genuine and the product is as awesome as I hoped. But the risk just isn't worth $150 for me and I don't think they have done enough for me to take that risk! @Jean-Francois It doesn't make sense, if he was legitimate, why can't he take just 30 seconds to take a video of the product? Explain that. Worst case scenario, they'll have to change the name to something else. BTW, they posted a comparison of the two pcb's. And they're not even the same. Stop panicking! And you guys are ganging up on the creator because he's taking some time off? I'd be taking some time off too if I had to deal with this crap! SHAME ON ALL OF US FOR DOUBTING GXP!!! But you still cannot use tm if there already is a registered trademark with the same name? (See <url>"R" (R). The TM can be used by non-registered trademarks as a non-official way of saying that they don't want anyone to copy them I have also lowered my pledge to $1.00, I asked them a number of questions that they never responded to. One of the main reasons I backed this was for it's multi-use .. i.e.. They had stated that if there were enough backers, they were going to add on a USB device where you could then analyse your brain waves on your PC. That would have bee pretty kewl, as you could then use it as a Sleepbot app of sorts and it could accurately record how much sleep you're getting. But as far as I can tell, they never received enough backers for that.. Although I came on board late, so couldn't missed the update of that being included. When I messaged them about it however, I received no response. @Jean-Francois inb4 owners account + that link doesnt event link back to the actual registry page just the general search area. Oops, here's the link to their registration. <url>"poor preparation and time management", regardless of the legitimacy of the project. just dropped my pledge from 175 CAD to 1 CAD, this is just getting to hot for me.. sorry GXP, i REALLY wanted to trust you and i absolutely will buy Luci if it will come to market, but right now im feeling to scared to back this bullsh. Dropped my pledge from $150 to $1 and reported the project to kickstarter. "Nov. 11 to Nov. 22 - Redesign a PCB which includes the amplifier and microprocessor on one board." Make that: "Nov. 11 to Nov. 15 - Take a break guy, chillax, take a load off, those dogs are barking." Dragonbait..see the fotoanalytics links below I removed pledge but have now added $1 so I can comment. Anyone who doesn't think this is a scam...(which it may not be!)...put yourself in GXPs shoes for a moment. Imagine you have an invention, that works, that people want, that you can build a career on. You get it on kickstarter and raise well over the necessary funds. When it's done...you will receive just shy of $400k!!! It's stressful to manage the project...lots of people asking lots of questions...but it's your career, your credibility on the line here...so....YOU GO ON HOLIDAY...shortly before the funding is due to end! The guy doesn't respond to negative comments other than to address the criticism as it being normal at this stage in a KS project!? Which it isn't...plenty of projects have people really excited at the end. We live in 2013...doesn't matter where this guy is going he has a mobile phone surely...that's more than enough to get in touch. If he technologically capable enough get in touch while he is on vacation with his family to the people giving him nearly half a mil...he probably isn't going to be able to build this thing! Not worth the hassle or risk of finding out it is a scam...I'll leave that to some other idiot...last one out turn out the lights yeah?! Which bit of that doesn't add up? I Also reduced pledge From 150$ to 1$ Going on vacation in the heat of the moment? Are they focking serious??? Why isnt kickstarter abandoning them?? I'm a little confused. I can see they used a picture of an off the shelf amp, but they stated it was a third party amp. Also the side-by-side pictures are definitely different amps (albeit from a similar angle). Dropped mine to $1 and will cancel all together in 65 hours. FWIW, thx to google images and the site: prefix, I found the amp... <url>"This is not a project". Reduce your pledge to $1 and eventually cancel it. Please go to: <url>"plif" and "3firstnames94" and give them a thumbs up so others can see that Luci is a scam. Also use your other social media accounts like Facebook and Twitter by using hashtags like #luci and #kickstarter and state that this project is a scam! Help other people get there money back before its too late! Thank you. PS Copy and paste this message if you want I'll probably post it at least ten times myself. Good luck everyone! I'm gonna rely on the comments here for some reason, and I'm pulling my pledge from $150 to $1 cannot believe kickstarter havent pulled the plug yet. What do people think about tweeting Kickstarter...hashtag suggestions anyone? just reduced my pledge from $150 to $1 Check out how this is trending NEGATIVE on Kicktraq, now.... Lol i mean in the last few hours, should have been a little more clear on that. lol Maybe you should go fishing on your days off... or perhaps you've already had enough of that over the last 27 days. we need to keep at least $1 so we can comment people, please go to manage funds, scroll to the bottom and cancel pledge. this guy/company does not even deserve $1 of your hard earned money!!. not to mention the stress hes put on you with lack of updates. Is there any way to warn everyone else who may not be checking this page? If I hadn't been checking this page, I'd still be losing $150. At this rate at least 2000 people are still backing it. If they have read the comments and are still going to back it, that's their loss. But I want everyone to at least see what they've gotten themselves into. If you have any doubts about this product make sure you report it. If it turns out to be legit thats great but if it turns out to be a scam (which it is) we will save alot people there money. Also write a comment on <url>"proof" requests. This feels way, way fishy. For what I'd be saving versus MSRP, it's definitely not worth the risk after seeing the facts at hand. Sucks too...I know everyone on here wanted this to be real just as much as I did...and seeing some of the arguments others are still having with the GXP broken record...there are some still holding out for that shred of hope -- and I can respect that, but I'm cutting and will happily pay MSRP if/when this or something like this is ever made available. I am fairly certain of one thing though...if this thing were legit, judging by how GXP chooses to handle things, those that stick around are in for one helluva rollercoaster ride. I'd rather keep my sanity and pay MSRP. Good luck y'all. "nitice" = notice Entirely legit or not, such poor preparation and time management that you "won't be anywhere near the office this week", during the critical last 72 hours when so much doubt is left uncleared in the air (especially there's $400k of OTHER PEOPLE'S money on the line)... Simply doesn't speak well for where the project is going. At this point, I have no choice but to reduce my backing amount to just $1. btw- generally, with the 40+ projects i've backed, i don't see this type of problem unless something is up. something that also seemed to bother people besides me, is the addition of the 500 extra black LUCIs, when if you backed for the first run of them, you paid $25 extra dollars for a color, and that color was supposed to be limited to the first 500 backers. to exaust this supply, and then say "well, whadda ya know!? since people are so into paying extra money for a different color, let double what we said we would produce!"- i can't think of a good reason to do this, unless the first 500 backers got something special for being with you since the start... as i was saying, a LOT of projects reward the first backers to get them going... AND , if something is limited, it's limited because only so many were made. you don't make more based on demand, or the success of that item. i mean, if you are going to do something like that, just make that color unlimited like the rest, so you don't give people the wrong idea, or do what many would consider an outright lie. i'm starting to nitice the funding is dropping... not much, but people must be a little upset... Please, every backer, remove your pledge as soon as you can. I just spent the last hour reading comments and : 1. Wayne Kendall removed his Facebook account. 2.The picture shown are Photoshopped. (<url>"Taking some well deserved time off with the family". 5. You will not get a refund. taking some time off with the 400k huh. hope everyone sees this and backs out. Just another lie from the good people at GXP Tech !!! @GXP #2 You really are trying to debate taxes? Please, do link some proof instead of making un-backed claims! #5 No, you did not answer anything. All arguments/claims you have made were either refuted or discredited. Questions you could not answer were ignored. And now, here you go...leaving with your hard-earned money after the campaign has ended. Also, good job on the good ol' Facebook stalking. I hope you liked what you saw. OH MY LORD! "WON'T BE AT THE OFFICE" NOW I KNOW THIS IS BULL! I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT THIS IS THE EXCUSE THAT THEY ROLL OUT! I HOPE THEY LOSE SO MANY FUNDS! And there it is, people.....the Company is going dark, on the last 3 days of their Kickstarter campaign......what does that tell you? Lmao :) To anyone who wants to help spread the word about this scam, report this project to kickstarter and go to <url>"Wayne Kendall" removed his Facebook account. We are giving money to someone we've never seen who owns a company who never existed. If it's a scam, is kick-starter refunding the ones who pledged ? Good catch Ricky 1,2,5 it made me lol No you havent addressed all the scam issues...why is your prototype photo a fake photoshop job? @GPX It really bothers me that GPX technologies or Wayne Kendall cannot be found on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, or Google. And also, for people who followed the comments a little bit : "Wayne Kendall" removed his Facebook account. We are giving money to someone we've never seen who owns a company who never existed. If it's a scam, is kick-starter refunding the ones who pledged ? Your #2 answer is a non-proof... the fact that there are articles telling you it happened could very well be the reason you are claiming it happened. PHOTOS/VIDEOS, MAN! That's all we need. Just listen to the backers a little GXP and provide different proof. Why are you beating around the bush with that! If you provide new proof YOU WILL RECEIVE ALL OF YOUR LOST BACKERS BACK! I mean you already have so many backers that I think you don't care about us lost backers and that you're already scamming so many people out of their money that we don't matter. Show us the photo! I don't care about the taxes. None of us do. Until you supply a legit photo or video nobody will be satisfied. Yep GXP you addressed all our concerns accept our concern that Luci is not real. 90% of the comments are asking for a simple picture which you refuse to provide because you don't have a Luci. Loser And I mean like everyone in the comments has been saying just provide us lost backers with a little more proof and you'll gain all of your lost backers back and some. Listen to the users a little. @GXP why cant you just take a quick picture or video of your project and post it online, its not that hard lol 1, 2, 5? We are in the top comments last time I checked the video. Here it is again: <url>#1 Kickstarter is very careful about fraud and scam, but things can slip though: look at the recent Kobe Beef incident. #2 Really? How did Revenu Québec even know of an unfinished campaing on an American website? They don't know you have money unless you declare it. And Revenu Quebec has jurisdiction only in...Quebec. It has nothing to do with the rest of Canada. And again, how would they know about your project? #3 There are a lot more than 3 of us who doubt the claims you can't (or won't) back. You, by refusing to provide the proof we ask, have yourself cast "a shadow of a doubt" as you put it. #4 Kickstarter has a lot more than its comission on its mind: its reputation as a safe place to create and crowdsource new project and ideas. I think they can pay the bills with 20k less in their pockets. #5 That is what you claim. You have provided no proof to back it, or anything else you've said. How will it be manufactured? Where? How will the testing be done? What will you do to obtain the various certification needed? When you read through it, your project has very few details and a lot of words. But it turns out to be empty, just like you. I don't really know how I feel about this project and whether or not its fake.. However I will note the lasts comment from GPX saying that Revenue Quebec called them to make sure they pay income tax on amounts funded........... I know how the Canada Revenue Agency works (for any none Canadian backers won't understand how a province has a completely different tax system than the rest of the country but Canadians understand how Quebec is different). Anyways I very highly doubt that any legitimate call wound be made, however given the fraud that has being committed in Quebec I could see a phone call being made. My point is comments like this make me question everything else even though I don't really believe its fraud. I know what I know and this is just weird. I backed for the e-book and was waiting to be convinced to purchase the actual unit... If I have too I will pay retail price when the time comes. And there still posting updates? @CURTROCK 8 Nice find. I was just about to post that. No, from what it sounds like they can use the funds however they want. So, let's assume they buy a $300k car for travelling purposes to meet with manufacturers. Now they only have $98k left. Turns out it ain't enough for production. Woopty-f*cking-doo. Guess it's time to refund the leftover $98k to backers. I mean, they did need that car for travel purposes didn't they? Case dismissed. I'm removing my pledge in 68 hours should there be no proof. Thanks for linking that Curt they pretty much said "We might not even have a product made but back us so we can make one and when we send it to you it might not work and we won't be held legally for that and we will keep your money to try to develop a product that will be sold for $300 and it'll be good then but the one you'll receive won't be the final version so buy the $300 version for the good version This is a copy of the RISKS & CHALLENGES section on the main page. If you read it slowly, and really think about what it says, I think it speaks volumes about the developers of this product. "As you know, some things can take longer and some can take less time than anticipated. We hope that you will understand if there are unavoidable delays or complications. The appropriation of funds shall remain at our discretion. Use of funds may include (but not limited to) product development, travel, debt repayment, facilities and utilities. If the project does not reach completion, any unused portion will be refunded to those who have rewards still pending and in proportion to the backed amount. We shall not be held legally or financially responsible under any circumstances. As a backer, you accept these terms and conditions." can you please release a photo howing where the headphone jack will be? I sleep on my right side, so I need to know where the jack will be please Thanks just share a pictures! Guys you're not getting a new picture of the Luci because it does not exist its a rubberband with photoshopped electrodes and a photoshopped amplifier. But hey! Those earbuds look pretty good! If GXP doesn't release any new information soon and we can get Vsause2 to make a formal statement to its viewers saying this project is a scam we can save alot of people there money. You can comment on the video ( <url>"project" Also like the other comments related to this scam so Vsause can see it and inform there viewers. To anyone who wants to help spread the word about this scam, report this project to kickstarter. also go to <url>"real deal" when it comes to dream exploration/control. The concept of flying and fantasy fulfillment while dreaming, is really just the tiniest little tip of the iceberg of the VAST implications of the mysteries that the dream state holds for human beings. The idea that an inexpensive and relatively simple piece of technology can facilitate "control and awareness" while in the dream state, while an attractive proposition, unfortunately, I find this highly unlikely to be effective. I wish it was as simple as getting an auditory or visual "cue", as many devices have claimed, over the years. Becoming conscious or "aware" in the dream state, is much more about ENERGY, and personal/spiritual state of mind/being. Everyone wants to fly like a bird, or soar like Superman, and indeed the scope of lucid dreaming does provide the possibility of these experiences, and much, much, more. There are genuine methods and practices to facilitate lucid dreaming, and if you really desire it, it can happen. I would recommend to those who truly want to explore the dream state, that reading the wealth of books available on this subject, is prob the best way to further your journey of discovery in this area. I hope someday we can just take a pill, and experience psychic phenomena like lucid dreaming, but we are not there yet. This is just my personal opinion, and I make no claims about any specific "lucid-dream assist" technology. I put this is not a project. At the end of the description it says something about getting a product which we will not get from GXP, or it won't be as described @Andrew, we have been using the "this is not a project" scenario Hmmm.. backing out and reporting for now. However, the "Report this project" button doesn't give an option that fits the scenario... what are you all choosing? The band at the least seems to be real. <url>"device" I can hardly say the same. <url>’t be very helpful after the campaign either. Even if it is a legit project I cannot stand when there is a lack of communication and would not want to back this anyway if the communication and lack of overall evidence continues on its current path. Guys! We are making an impact! The pledge amount has gone down! Please keep spreading the word! People just seeing the comments read them! Let everyone know this is a scam anyway you know how! Not sure you'd have to figure that out by reading kickstarters rules and regulations and legal stuff Yeah this company is going to have to do A LOT in the next 70 hours to even make me consider to back this project again. If they can prove themselves, which is very doubtful, then I'll back again. Wow... i backed this project a week ago but after stumbling onto the commentstoday, I'M BACKING OUT!!!!!! Thanks to everyone who did their research and due diligence!!! By all of the backers Well I mean if this project isn't real couldn't this guy be sued for so much money? Yep, we all wanted this product and to trust GXP. It's sad that this happened. You've ruined kickstarter for me GXP. And it sucks even worse that this dude is just walking away with nearly a half million dollars. Public address: 170 rue Lottinville Trois-Rivières (Québec) G8T4K7 Canada A Google Search of that address returns: <url>"project" man, i hate this sooo bad... i really wanted to have this device, and now, if this is a scam, i'm not just upset about that, but that the actual product doesn't even exist. i'm reporting this also, and i would advise everyone else to, as well. i have remained silent since my last comment asking about features, but his has become a nightmare. GXP is flat-out ignoring everyone and the concerns of the backers, which are all justified. i'm very upset... so much so, it's pissing me off that i keep seeing the pledge amount rise, knowing that this is still being "advertised" by vsauce (apparently), and others. what is so hard about a prototype pic?! he can't even be bothered to explain why he can't do it. oh, the suffering GXP would endure if they had to post a new pic!! and why are there people who are concerned about the feelings of someone who doesn't give a damn about those of his backers? we assumed he was being truthful about being "shy", and we told him he didn't have to show his face, but apparently his hands are trade secrets, or they are "shy" as well. maybe "LUCI" has low self-esteem, and doesn't want to be photographed, either. maybe GXP is worried we will paste his head on a horse sex video, or something... is that it? =P i just can't figure this out... and the backers keep a-comin'... =[ Reported. Thanks Manoko for noticing the now obvious photoshopping. Hopefully Kickstarter will be investigating asap. To add to Majid Liassi's comment, please report GPX. If they are legit, then there is no problem, but if they are trying to scam us, then we just kept them from stealing $400,000. Wow I left my device upstairs for just a few hours and this "project" has become a complete disaster. I've read every comment since my absence. I agree with the others, back out of this "project" or at the very least go to the $1 reward AND report this project. Also write a similar message about reporting this "project" so as many people as possible can see this "project" is indeed a scam. Furthermore I would like to thank Michael Paul Coder for having the initial doubt in this "project" and the others who helped research all the lies and bull crap we've been fed by GXP. Thank you So a summary for the future comments readers so they don't get lost: - Manoko spotted an oddity in the only picture available of the prototype : the amplifier (in the left side of the picture), is clearly photoshopped. <url>"Report this project to Kickstarter" button at the bottom of the Home page. I used the option "This is not a project", since there are no options for a suspected scam/fraudulent project. And what about an EXPLANATION behind the reasoning for this refusal of an updated picture?? Did your camera and/or smartphone(s) break all of a sudden?? Seriously. It would be super easy to clear this up if they were legitimate. I suggest withdrawing and reporting. I wish it had been real. It is a great idea. :/ So..... you got nothing. Nice. There's your answer folks!! WOW, All that time and that is what you come up with !! What a joke !! @Pontata, Same for me Okay. This is it guys. If GXP doesn't prove anything by their next comment, I'm out. Thank you for all your time very true* @Edward That might be very truth. It's interesting how you can only know about this stuff if you look good in the Comments section before or after Backing Up. It would probably make sense to have a "Positive Votes from Backers/Negative Votes from Backers" in the main page of Projects so you can get a vision of how it is going before and after you get your money in. @Edward unless we all report and Kickstarter look into that before it's too late. @GXP Please. I urge you to at least show concrete proof. If there still isn't, I may have to withdraw. Actually, they don't. In three days, if nothing becomes of this, they have all that money. You're not going to get 2600 people to back out now. They're very nearly free and clear. If it is a scam is a complete disaster, of not it should be celebrated as a great achievement. That said, beneath the comment is it says to 'be respectful and considerate'. I think it's a Shane that GXP are being neither. Lets say....that this is real guys. The way GPX have handled this is completely unprofessional in every way. I think its awful the way he is talking to the backers of this project. And we are going to trust this person with 400k who replies to us with riddles and rudeness, . Remember GPX you cant get far with this idea without US (the people who are paying for your product!) You need to either grow up and listen and respond to what people are asking you. Provide us with some type of evidence what so ever of your current prototype. Or you wont see a single Canadian dollar, @Manoko I reported also, and hope that more people do. Please ask to Kickstarter to investigate guys. The sooner the better: either GXP is for real and we'll avoid many more hours of not trusting them and being really disappointed, or they are indeed a scam and everyone who backed can be prevented from losing their money. I think we gave enough proof that this, at the very least, needs further investigation. But, my gosh, trying to redeem themselves for photoshopping a picture by giving us another photoshopped picture, this must be the definition of stupidity. If this isn't cleared up ASAP I'm backing out on this one. Sad :/ @GXP If your product is real, and you have worked hard at creating this product you are indeed passionate about, because i would be on a product like this. Something that you can be proud of, to say i created something that people wanted! If you are indeed the real thing you need to understand the damage you are creating to yourself and the Luci Brand. You will be throwing away an opportunity to create something amazing, because that 400k can be taken away with no more than a few backers reporting you for fraud, and so they should even if you and your product are real! You were so willing to change and add features, but when it comes to a simple photo or video, you ignore. Real or not, i am disappointed in GPX. I'm on my phone in my bed, having trouble sleeping due to all of this. I'll keep it simple, the new photo is so fake that it is becoming humiliating, they truly take us for retards. GXP, new photo, new 30 seconds video, how hard is it to understand ? Anyway, if this is indeed a scam, you will not get away with it, I can guarantee that. I already sent a message to Kickstarter asking them to investigate, this is just too much crap coming from someone who is about to get $400.000. Congrats to everyone for your persistence. Man, just think of all the new picture you could have taken in the last 10. Could have convinced a lot of people. Averted a lot of this unnecessary questioning and arguing. @GXP This was your answer: "They're rubber "pads" and we put them on after the photo was taken. After the wife noticed scratches all over her desk. lol" My question: How did the rubber pads disappear from the original picture, when you said they were put after that picture? Because the 2 pictures you showed us are exactly the same.... Yes. I badly want this to be true, and wish that I can support something as great as this, but really. I was a big supporter of this project as well. Please answer our questions professionally, and give us something -concrete- . Doing so is to prove that this is in fact not a scam and to regain the trust of your backers. So please. Really the doubts are piling up pretty badly, and if nothing is done to assure your backers, it would not be pretty for both sides. The only people who are this defensive are people who have something to hide, what are you hiding GXP ? I rewatched the video. There are only two shots of the device. Both are shopped - it's not hard to tell. Take a new photo. Think of all the hassle it stops. Where did the rubber pads go, as they clearly are not in the "original" (the one recently uploaded), but are, according to you, visible on the modified picture you took down? you are being very difficult GXP... Again, for the 3rd time, I ask my question: Alexandre Dubé-Pakenham 7 minutes ago I'll ask my question again: If I understand correctly, there are 2 versions of the EXACT same picture. From what you said, you "found" the original picture (let's forget the fact that it is, too, photoshopped) How can the "rubber pads" not be on the original, but be in the picture you took down? People, realize that GXP does not want to make new pictures or videos. He displays that clearly. The question is, is that OK for you? If not, you should remove your funding of the project. Because he is not going to make new pictures or movies. Why, I don't know. What a joke you guys are!! None of us understand your shady ways!! There is absolutely no explaining your photo that makes sense based on what you've said about it. If you can't provide another photo (at the very least), then you obviously have nothing to show for us to support. Plain & simple. @GXP <url>"layer" slightly rotated. I am still waiting on that video I can see the pictures just fine. But they're clearly shopped. Why are you being so difficult about this? The amount of time you're spent trying to argue against all of our, apparently ridiculous, claimsyou could have posted an entire album. Surely you have your Luci close by? What about a camera phone? You're already uploaded another picture, so we know you're capable, but I think what everyone here wants, seeing as how in 3 days you're going to be in charge of our collective 400,000 bucksbucks, is one or two non doctored photos. @GXP Do you understand the situation? We want new and better proof. If that is not provided, everyone that knows about this will back off the project and ask for an investigation report. Xantomen, very nice :-) I'll ask my question again: If I understand correctly, there are 2 versions of the EXACT same picture. From what you said, you "found" the original picture (let's forget the fact that it is, too, photoshopped) How can the "rubber pads" not be on the original, but be in the picture you took down? Again that cpuld just be plastic with earphones under it, please make a new short simple video. @GXP How about this? Why don't you take a photo of yourself or your family member wearing it, then censor out the face using mosaic or something? That's better than nothing Please gentlemen, I think we agreeded that what we want is extra proof on the device existence. The gold discussion, who said what, and the general attacking tone of the last 10 messages is not really going to help get what we want, and if he was saying the truth you'd be hurting him emotionally, which will make him not think clearly and get in an argument instead of doing the best for everyone. Please leave some space. GXP this video wont take a month, just showcase the product and then put it on yourself or someone with your iphone. So take a picture. Takes 5 seconds. Make a video !! We know you have a smart phone as seen here <url>"original" picture, the non-photoshopped one. How can rubber pads not be in the "original" (still photoshopped) you just put up, while there are some in the picture you took down? @Majid I think the fact that there is a ripoff of an American website made by the Caluka Group is proof enough of the fact that it is a scam. @Alexandre, please focus on the photoshopped picture.. that's enough proof. Otherwise he's going to be again talking about the companies and how they're legit, and turning us away from the main subject: The pictures ! @GXP What happened to the "rubber bands". That was the explanation for the black dots earlier, was it not? JESUS CHRIST GXP! just take a fucking video! why is it so hard! I was really looking forward to this product but at this point i'm very skeptical. I want to see a unmodified video of your prototype.it will only take a few seconds with a smart phone Hack the planet! <url>"shyness". God, we're talking about $400.000, and you can't overcome the fact that you're camera-shy ?!... This is ridiculous, this is disappointing, this is making me so sad. Only way to redeem yourself now is with an ACTUAL updated (& UNALTERED) picture and/or video. Yeah, GXP, from the outside as a backer, you are not instilling confidence of your product right now. There is one single solution to this, and that is to take some pictures with your mobile and uploading them. There is no reason I can think of, that can explain not showing real pictures, if the product is real and tested. <url>"picture guy" you know.. Seriously? Yes.... Hehe. haha, mataba means murder also :) Thanks auto correct. It was hakuna matata I meant, obviously. You mean hakuna matatah? No, truly we all deserve love, and that is how love was expressed this time. No worries, hay una mataba. Come on people, I am not defending anyone. I am just wanting to give some positive stuff here, because obviously that is what is needed to inspire some positive reaction from GXP, I addition to the pressure you all are offering. :-) he has gone off to take some pictures, because he is in such a good mood from the love here :-) And no, NO ONE does anything just because they should, sadly. Unless they are talking pictures right now, or faking some, I let you guys have your own opinion about it. yes manoko, They should respond promptly. @Svein, I think he can make some sacrifices for us about his choices, and send us some pictures !! Anyone else wondering about the sudden silence from GXP ? This is so weird, really... :( @Richard A picture is worth a thousand words. Thanks for summarizing my comment on one single image ! :) @Svein Well, whatever the reason, I do not think anyone here deserves to be the target of a harassment complaint. Interesting Richard The reason GXP has mentioned a harassment complaint is because he is hurting for not receiving understanding for his choices, and that is one way of expressing a need for some love and compassion. It is a popular defence mechanism in our society. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. But obviously they got some reason. I guess all this pressure will result in something. Maybe GXP will use the opportunity to take some shitty pictures :-) .. or file a complaint for asking for it. I am glad I could expose this photoshop oddity. GXP, we're waiting for you to explain this. We deserve it, I'm not the only one asking for it so you can't ignore it. I am with everyone on our worries. I don't yet understand the reason for using photoshopping. And I too seek some comforting response on this. I have no idea what GXPs resistance to exposing their prototype in all its glory is about. And anyway we are NOT harassing, we are not being offensive, rude or anything for you to have to file a report, we are asking something very reasonable. @Svein, ok now let's assume that. How hard is it to get (medium quality) pictures to calms us down, instead of filing harrasment complaints ? Just look at other projects from the same category, ie "Technology". In everyone of them, there are a lot, and I truly mean a lot of photos of prototypes. This is something to be proud of as creator. GXP, be proud of LUCI, show us what it is, show us what we are buying. Exactly Manoko. I'm sure he is a little resistant to openly admitting to using photoshopping, yes. Svein, to me, we really deserve an explanation of this. If you think about it, it shows us that GXP never provided actual photo of anything but the rubber band and the earphones. This to me is the real weird thing. Every photo of the amplifier comes from other sources. I'd love that too! :-D I also want to show GXP understanding. @Svein Daniel: he just denied there's any photoshopping at all =) @svein at the moment I don't think we want quality photos, just something real. I can understand that GXP want their pictures to look good, maybe something has made it hard to make them look professional. And that is the reason for sing photoshopping. I don't know. @Svein, thank you for backing me up on this. @Richard, yep the cope/paste of it is pretty obvious to me as well. And the "drop shadow effect" on the top of the amplifier. Just as Manoko said...I want to believe in you. That's why I'm still a 150$ backer. But when small things start pilling up, it casts doubts in my mind. @Manoko No problem, I will share the results here, as soon as I get them. @Svein Daniel Solvenus I do not ask GXP to show their faces. All I want is a video of the prototype. Videos are almost impossible to fake rapidly, and doing it well requires skill and a lot of time. I believe many has reacted to the photoshopping that GXP has done on their pictures. That of course gives an impression of not being authentic, and I now some haven't given LUCI a chance just because of that. This user's account has been deleted. Also 1 grand away from 400K! Ben, the logo is a detail and can easily be a trick of the eye. The amplifier, and its "black holes instead of brown", aren't. Please reply to this comment with honesty. Counting on you GXP. GXP, just read my comment from earlier this night, wait I'll repost it: "Alright, I spotted something very, very weird. On the photo of the latest prototype, which can be found on the campaign home page (this one : <url>" I was talking about them making a video of themselves. The photoshopping, I don't know. <url>"other" pictures of Luci prototype (or a video, without showing your face). Anyways, I do believe this project is real. @Svein Daniel Solvenus : shy to show pictures ofnon-photoshopped Luci prototype ? Please GXP, we are asking nothing vast, just a few un photo shopped pictures. GXP, that's a start, alright I recognize that you're right on this part, I didn't know that. That's all I ask, prove me wrong on everything I said ! People easily will attack any form of hiding, whether it is caused by an effort to deceive or it is cause by honest reasons. I believe GXP is authentic and honest, and I feel a little sorry for them at this point. That in mind, this is what happens when someone gets popular. The more popular, the more scrutiny. And no matter the reasons, honest or not, some people get automatically worried when they can't see someone's faces. I can see by all the other evidence that GXP is real, and I understand some don't want to show themselves in public here on kickstarter. GXP has given me the impression of being a little shy from the get go. And shyness is usually accompanied with some effort of hiding, and any effort of hiding trigger people's insecurity. That is why people get bullied at school, even though their behaviour has good reasons, people pick at them because they are hiding themselves in some way or another and the bullies don't understand that empathically. So, empathy people! Alexandre, résidant en France, je ne serai surement plus debout lorsque l'heure de la fin de la maintenance arrivera. Pourras-tu partager le résultat de ta recherche au registre des entreprises québécoises dès que tu l'obtiendras ? Je te remercie, Amicalement, Amine. Alors oublions les autres projets passés.. et concentrons nous sur celui là. Can you provide some non-photoshopped pictures of the latest Luci prototype ? GXP, je ferai aussi une recherche dans ce registre pour prouver votre bonne-parole. Je ne comprends pas non plus en quoi poser des questions consiste en du harcèlement. Nous essayons simplement d'y voir plus clair, j'adorerais avoir mon LUCI dans les mains et le porter dès ce soir, et je crois que vous le savez très bien après avoir lu mes nombreux commentaires, en large majorité pour vanter votre produit. Je doute que parler français vous fasse entendre raison, mais j'essaye tout de même. I can handle the harassment complaint, I don't think pointing weird things from a creator is that big of a deal. The prototype photo is photoshoped, there is no trace over the internet of you nor your company. I am a $175 backer, this is so frustrating. I want to believe in you and your product with all my heart, thus the passion I had writing every single comment on this project. Yet, some things are really bugging me, and you're filing a complaint instead of replying to them (I'm talking about the photoshoped prototype image). I really do not know what to say, I'll wait for Kickstarter to contact me I guess. I do not think I've done or said anything out of line, there has been a scam project about Kobe beef recently on Kickstarter, so I think we should not blindly take your words for the truth, and you should understand that as well. I'm out of things to say about this, again as I said, this is so frustrating and unfair. I hope the Kickstarter staff will understand the position of all of the backers that find this particularly odd, and raise their voices to clear the situation. Je ne vois pas en quoi poser des questions légitimes, et ne pas obtenir de réponse, peut se classifier comme du harcèlement. Nous ne voulons rien de compliqué: des photos de LUCI et/ou un court vidéo du prototype. Show us pictures of the progress / prototype of Luci, and there will be no harassment. www.iwait.ca and www.raffinor.ca are both written in perfect French, so they are definitively not scammers from India. Both websites have the same opening/closing hours. Raffinor.ca has not been updated since 2011, as you can see by the dates they are claiming to be visiting cities: <url>"There's a photo of Martine wearing the prototype on her head." Firstly, this doesn't explains why the prototypes photos are photoshoped. And, in the photo, we do not see the amplifier. @GXP: That's a piece of plastic wrapped around her head. You should have tons of non photoshopped pictures at this stage of the project. Why can't you show some ? raffinor.ca is a company claiming to buy your gold at a better price than the concurrence: They promise a 5% better rate than anyone else. I also found an app called, "Iqueue Wait List App"there are no ratings for it.and it's ,and its made by Long Range Systems. GXP, we do understand that you do not want to be shown on video, but it's the least you could do. Also, please tell us why the pictures are photo shopped, and just give us a video of JUST the LUCI, nothing more. @Manoko "iWait" doesn't exist in the Android App store. I've tried finding it from my laptop, or my smartphone, and it does not exist. I don't own any Apple products, so I can't verify on the iTunes Store. As for iWait.ca I think it also is a scam: This is the contact phone number on iWait.ca: 1-888-705-5755 After a quick Google search on that phone number, it redirects two companies, iWait and : <url>"We ask that that you show respect to the people who's useful comments are being diluted with your conspiracy theories." I'm one of the most active backers, I want nothing more than this product being real and working as intended. Why do you have to be so shady, when there is no trace of you on the internet ? This is ridiculous, you shouldn't talk like that to your backers. Again guys, another weird thing, what the hell was that ?! Also, what's up with the prototypes photo ? Why did you have to photoshop it ? How about some NON PHOTOSHOPPED pictures of the prototype without showing your face ? @Alexandre Dubé-Pakenham: I tried to contact you via hangout but you don't seem to be connected (@manoko as well) Sorry, typos: it's <email> , without the "-". You can find this address on the whois of "caluka", right there: <url>"iWait" on your smartphone store, it should be an app dedicated to avoiding long queues in hospitals. By the way, apart from a few articles talking about this app at the end of 2012, there is nothing to be found since then. Please do verify, if you live in Quebec, that is exists in the app store of android store (Alexandre Dubé-Pakenham, can you please take care of that for me ?) -Neither "iWait", nor "Caluka seem to exist in the Canadian Copyright Database (<url>"Wayne Kendall" doesn't appear to be the author to any copyright for that matter, you can search either direct copyrights names or authors. -Furthermore, LUCI is supposed to be registered (you can see it by the little "TM" on the right of the name of this campaign), yet the same website, but for trademarks (<url>"LUCI" (you can try it out yourself, that's why I sent you the link), and none corresponds to either the description of the device (as a lucid dream inducer), or the author name being "Wayne Kendall". - The registered domain by Wayne Kendall, ie "caluka.com", leads to a blank page. Again, try it out yourself. -There used to be a facebook page for the iWait app, you can see it by typing of google "iWait facebook". It's the first link that pops up (at least here in France). "IWait, Trois-Rivières, Quebec. 9 likes · 0 talking about this.". When you click on it, it redirects to your home page, meaning that is has been deleted. Add all of this to the things I found about the prototype pictures, and there you have it, a lot of reason to doubt this campaign. GXP, you absolutely have to reply to this. Alexandre Dubé-Pakenham, we will be waiting your result after you call, thank you. I live in Quebec. Tomorrow, I'll make an inquiry into Quebec's Enterprise Register, and make some calls. They are offline for maintenance this weekend. They should be back online by 11:00PM today, GMT-5 I too, would love to see a video of them with the product. No need to make/edit a long one. It would go a long way toward easing my doubts. As for Manoko's comment about the photoshopped picture....If I don't see anything conclusive from GXP before the end of the campaign, I'll cancel my pledge. Come on GXP.... This user's account has been deleted. GXP: Do you have a ballpark figure for when Luci will be available for purchase after the last kickstarter rewards havw been shipped? A month? A year? I want to say "hey guys, let's go with the approach Innocent until proven guilty". But you're not making it easy for us, GXP. I thought it was ridiculous when people were asking to see Barack Obamas birth certificate, but I find myself wanting to join in on the hunt for proof. And with more and more unexplained oddities and GXPs lack of immediate response the more riled up I get. I don't like that side of myself. But what if the mob is right? I hope that the product is real, that it really is the first-of-its-kind machine that will change all our lives. I really do. But I don't know if I can. This is all extremely suspicious, get on this GXP... Hi GXP, I sent you a private message, a few days ago. I need a reply ASAP, otherwise I'm gonna have to cancel my pledge. Photo is really strange, especially the fact that it is only one. People need more proof that this is not a scam ! Well said manoko, it's the least you can do GXP! look at how much money you've got, you OWE us this. @Zola It gives us a sense of trust by making us relate to individuals, that's for the faces part. And, for the prototype, it shows us that they actually have done some in reality, not only on photoshop. I kinda feel bad for saying things like this, since it is once again doubting them. But we can't simply overlook oddities, after what happened a day ago. Them not wanting to do a quick video is actually very weird to me, Kickstarter is a website where small businesses are supposed to be close to their customers, because they literally exists because of them, or at least heavily rely on them. It's the bare minimum, to have faces to relate to, and a real view of the product we're purchasing. That's why a very quick video (even from a smartphone as Ben said), would really solve any trust issue anyone giving you their money can have. Show us who you are, show us what we're buying. You make it feel like it's a lot to ask, yet looking at things it should come naturally from you, we shouldn't have to ask that (especially true pictures of the prototypes, for those of you who don't understand this part, scroll down, I made a comment about it). I also agree manoko, a video is not much to ask, even if it is from a small digital camera or on a phone, just showing the creator and LUCI. @Manoko Just what exactly would a video proof? And if they don't want to make a video they have their reasons for it. I for example are paranoid I would never show myself in a video. :D @Manoko: I agree 100% This project is really awesome, but there was so many wired things in the last days... I backed down to $1. If they provide a video, I will back $150 again. I agree very much. It would bring peace of mind. @Michael: You're welcome. It may not be that important, but I'd like to hear GXP's side of the story about that. And thought this was interesting to point out. I quite don't understand why Wayne and his wife do not want to make a 30 second youtube video, unedited if they are really busy, showing us their faces (it's always easier to trust someone you see, rather than a nickname) and the latest prototype. It would be so quick to make, and stop everyone worries. Please GXP, simply do it, even if you have a relevant reason not to. This is quick, easy, and very helpful to this campaign... Anyone else agreeing with me ? That was a question ;-D . So will you??? Also, since you probably will decide to avoide bluetooth-hardwareintegration, will you be considering a software-integration, since a bluetooth-stick could easily be put in the usb-slot. This user's account has been deleted. Will you integrate an alarm-function? I just thought, if there`s an ear-bud in my ear, I´m afraid I will not here my alarm clock. Another oddity of the complete prototype photo is the LUCI headband logo, which doesn't appear on its reflect on the table... Alright, I spotted something very, very weird. On the photo of the latest prototype, which can be found on the campaign home page (this one : <url>~ Dear GXP Technologies, I just saw your project and immediately backed it with the maximum amount. I hope that helps :) With your permission, I would like to make two important points, learned from another project long ago, which was the company Zeo, which you may be familiar with. The company went out of business after it failed at doing almost what you are doing: Creating a sleeping monitor. It was similar to yours, using a headband to detect the brainwaves (minus the voice, it wasn't meant for Lucid dream inducing, but for lucid dreamers, it could have been really useful) You can read the details about what essentially happened, here: <url>– it is also open source. I am not selling anything. Hence the recognition from the hacker community. And you will see that I have been doing this for years. As a hobby with a passion. And with real equipment. So I just wanted to warn you guys… I backed this project because I felt morally obligated to alert you that it is a scam. I bought the USB drive, so don’t worry about it. On another note, who's excited to see LUCI hit the $400.000 mark ? I am, I am really pumped about it ! This campaign is such a success. :D Michael Paul Coder developing another product about lucid dreaming indeed explains a lot. He's just trying to kill this campaign because he's afraid his product will be useless and won't sell when LUCI is released. All this simply serve no purpose, just trust GXP and trust LUCI. We have all the reasons in the world to do so. GXP are fine now, we should all just lay off. Personally I can't wait and the naysayers are really, REALLY putting a damper on this then hiding behind a comment 'I don't wish to doubt you but...' or 'I don't want to ruin this but...'. There is trust and there is no trust. GXP has already proven themselves that they -know- their stuff. So it's extremely annoying to see this on a kickstarter. Come on folks, what are we intending to back here? GXP Technologies as a company or the Luci product? I would say the latter, which is exactly why I pledged in the first place. I could care less about the names of the company and its employees. Moreover, I believe a Facebook link is highly overrated (and easily faked) for Kickstarter purposes. There are numerous studies in the world and perhaps an equal amount of contradictory studies, i.e. for every result of a study there could be at least one other study "proving" the first one wrong. Just take a look at one of the greatest geniuses of our time: Stephen Hawking. In some of his studies he proved that other genius wrong: Albert Einstein. Still, lots of people choose to believe what they find most plausible, which is what I do with this Luci project. I wish GXP all the best in developing a quality product that does what they claim it does. And if you read their front page carefully, you know exactly what that is. There is no supposed "80% claim". All they say is that, with THEIR test subjects and with a specific type of prototype Luci, an average of 80% increase in a specific time period was noted by the test subjects. So.... I'm NOT exactly thrilled that you are absolutely refusing to do a simple 2-5 minute YouTube video. Main thing is that we want to see the actual working product, and YOU talking about the final changes that you have decided upon implementing into the device. What's the big problem with that???? -I feel that it is quite necessary, given all the changes that you've talked about making from the original prototype. That way everyone will definitively know what to expect from the finished product. I'm no expert on this topic, but based on my own personal past lucid dreaming & astral projection experiences, along with my time in sleep studies for sleep apnea with somewhere around 10-20 sensors placed all over my head, plus my ownership of a Zeo product (which I'm not exactly sold on it's accuracy & ability either, BTW)..... I must say that I still don't have much faith in your single sensor & its placement, or your "too good to be true" 80% claim. I'm honestly feeling like the timer will be your main trigger for the audio. Why else would you even need to include a timer trigger if your electrode actually worked?? Anyway, as GXP rightly said it, if you have trouble believing in the project and/or GXP now, you're free to buy LUCI once it is available through stores. The only problem being, you'll not be one of the reasons why LUCI exists (which is something I know I'll be proud of later), you won't have a limited edition, and you won't have the 50% discount. To me, those discussions are getting pretty counter-productive, and I agree with Zola about being sorry for GXP. Let them do their work, you either trust them or not, it is your choice. I truly believe that we should stop talking about this, let's get back to the amazing suggestions everyone proposed daily, it is far healthier, and opposed to doubting the authenticity of GXP or their claims, those kind of discussions will result in a better experience with LUCI for all of us. Seriously, they provided far more evidence than needed, the video would have been the icing on the cake. PS: Jarrod, the first 500 limited editions that are gone were not entirely purchased a few days ago, I am one of the backers of this pledge, so I can assure you that there really are 500 real backers who pledged at this level. @Zola I fully agree. This kinda is far too much. This whole thing is indeed getting hatred. I'm actually being sorry for GXP to have to deal with all that... Evidence or Proof means nothing if it is not believed, it is an endless circle and each time you just have to be very careful what to include. People could spot a fly on the wall and claim it's not real! Either believe it or not but don't go into calling for proof of all kind till the end of time. You are realizing that the device that is getting developed here is helping you to get lucid dreams in general? Guess what, lucid dreaming will make you question the very sense of reality if you try to learn it without the device. You HAVE to actually question yourself if you are awake or not, having doubts on that topic as much as here can be very dangerous. Draw a line at some point... Either say it's enough or quit but don't go the route of endless evidence. It only hurts the mind and kills the mood on both parties, if there is no trust than there is no business. Though I will see and read how everything develops~ Grammar Errors can be kept if found, they seem to roam free through my text. I'm sorry if I insulted anyone in my text or seemingly threw myself to either side of the camps. This was not my intention to begin with. I am sorry for doubting you, but our money is on the line, and hopfully you are true to your word To break all doubts, please make a short video of your self explaining the product or somthing. I would help if we can call you, or if we can do a google hange out session. You guys make me doubt about this project ..and maybe even some pictures would be nice :) "And sorry, but I do not have any Facebook account..". @GXP, So "www.facebook.com/wayne.kendall.5/about" is not you? Both name and city match (Trois-Rivières, Quebec) as well as education (Computer Science).. I second the request for the 30 seconds youtube video of you saying "hi this is me and this is the Luci prototype..". Thank you. @Jarrod - On Kickstarter, when you add a new tier that is at the same price point as the original, the new one appears ABOVE the original one. I believe your "not accounted for on the total money donated" is based on double counting the (already "All Gone") $175 tier twice. If you've correctly added up the tiers * backers of each tier, it current adds up to $384,857 , which is lower than the current tally (of $386,935). If you add up all the money they've made based on the numbers of backers per donation amount the initial 500 limited black "LUCI's" are not accounted for on the total money donated.. witch I find rather odd.. Or is it that there was no initial 500? I assumed there was because "we've decided to offer another 500 black limited edition headbands." I don't know who to trust, both of them are discrediting each other. I hope this product isn't a gimmick. Dang this is getting heated This user's account has been deleted. I second Manoko. :) GXP, can you please reply to the long message of Michael ? Also, please make a video of you and/or your wife showing one of the prototypes, it would make every worry of you not being who you say you are go away forever, and this for everyone I think. It's just the most efficient way to make us all believe 100% that you are for real. A simple video, just to say hi and show us the headband for example, or share with us some new infos or some of your work ! @Zola You're very welcome, it's always a pleasure to talk about this wonderful project. :) I hope GXP will take the time to reply to the other part of your questions as well. @Manoko Thanks for clarifying parts of my questions! :) Zola, I can atleast reply to your second paragraph: The data are from 6 subjects, and neither of them had ever experienced a lucid dream in their life. You can find the sources of my affirmations both in the comment section and in the FAQ of the LUCI homepage (scroll down to the bottom). So concerning this, assuming this 80% success rate is true, it is absolutely amazing. The test subjects were absolute beginners, they never had a single lucid dream in their whole life. Just imagine how much higher we can push that success rate on persons that are working and learning on how to get lucid dreams, and already had some. Ultimately, it wouldn't shock me if somebody in the future said that he managed to have a lucid dream almost every night with LUCI and some training. If all of this is true, the 80% success rate and the fact that the testers never had a lucid dream, it is pretty amazing. @GXP I had a question to the electrodes itself. Since it is shown that the back electrode is rather pressed against the hair, how is it making any contact with the spots that are usually required to recognize the brainwaves or brain stimulation in general. What were the ages of the test subjects and how many test subjects had been tested? 80 % success sounds rather like the test subject possibly had a natural talent for lucid dreaming in general, which is why I bring my question up. Just my curiosity coming out of me : > facebook.com/wayne.kendall.5 I want to hear GXP counter his arguments again. The answer will be very informative, not in the sense that it will prove the authenticity of GXP (we already have proof for that), but it's again a proof of concept on how LUCI can be as great as the 80% success rate seem to indicate. The replies to naysayers are the best, because you don't only need to convince them that you're right, you have to prove that they are wrong as well. Why are you backing the project then, michael? As one of the researchers at the forefront of this field I feel morally obliged to point out that it is a scam. Use your internet street smarts here people. KickStarter does not verify any claims – it is up to the investors. The only external link you have from Wayne points to the Quebec business registry, which I posted first. And they are offline for the duration of the weekend, so we can’t verify that Wayne has any link to it. We don’t even have a picture of him! No LinkedIn account of anyone at GXP or even a Facebook account. The only references we have are of flaky failed enterprises. And caluka.com - please don’t make us dig into that. Wayne is leading people to believe that they will have lucid dreams 80% of the time! I have recorded hundreds of sleep sessions for the sole purpose of detecting REM sleep and playing audio tracks. And I have been uploading some of the raw logs to an open online sleep research database that I created over two years ago. Everything I make is available for free if not open source. I don’t sell anything – I am in it for the search of lucidity. And for science. What you are looking for is already out there in much higher quality and available for dirt cheap. But 80% just doesn’t make any sense. Stephen LaBerge managed to get it to around 10% with real REM detection in a sleep lab, and after all these years I haven’t been able to beat him by much and he is still tweaking on the NovaDreamer 2 to get a few more percent out. There was no mention of a second electrode at the front of the head until I brought it up. Look at the pictures and diagrams and write-ups. They are making this up as they go and all they are capable of is triggering the voice recording from a timer! And if there really were an electrode at the front they would be looking for eye movements, as these are much easier to detect (the current from the eye muscles is much stronger than brainwaves - on a whole other scale). And you wouldn't have a “neutral reference signal” if one of the electrodes is making skin contact on the forehead and the other is tangled in your hair. If you don't understand the neuroscience behind this, please trust me on this: I have worked on multiple EEG devices and have built my own according to the specifications of the OpenEEG project. Even if the Luci were able to detect the dream state, recordings played during the still of the night will wake you up! How will you ever have a lucid dream if you can’t even tell that this is not real!? :D This user's account has been deleted. But if we want it to eventually connect to an app in the future GXP would have to add a Bluetooth feature because you wouldn't be able to add this through a firmware update I have one question. Is it going to have batteries? Or is it going to be charged with a charger or pluged into an outlet? Yes, everything can come later if this is the case. Please GXP, make it possible, make it possible for us to change things, like the firmware for example. Then you'll have a product that can evolve with firmware updates for example, to add new features. :) True! So instead of making the production model app compatible they just have to make it updatable. I like it! :) Depending on how they integrate the USB, it could give us the ability to flash the ROM with a new firmware in the future. Functionality like that on the initial release would allow new tech they offer to be backwards compatible via firmware updates and extended versions. I think why he is bringing up the idea for the app now is because the LUCI would have to be compatible with the app before it, or the app even come out. Even if the app was made after the production/release of LUCI we won't be able to add anything to our LUCI(app compatibility) I agree manoko. I ask because I still see a lot of naysayers on lucid dreaming forum for example. This would be a very straightforward link to give them, proving that you are indeed not a scam as everyone here now knows. Would it be possible to have a video update before the end of the campaign ? Alright, good news keep on coming with this campaign. Thanks GXP. :) I think those things (like the app) are best developed after the initial product has been shipped to Kickstarter backers. They are in the middle of redesigning the PCB, they have many other more important thing to do right now, I say this because the app for example can be designed and developed later in the process. We should give them suggestions about the device itself and what it could do. Everything other than that is far too soon to discuss according to me. They need to implement a wake up alarm for example if possible, among other things. This is our priority because it can't be implemented later, when LUCI is being produced. @William Bixler, also some tips if lucid dreams aren't occurring. This user's account has been deleted. For 175 CAD! Oh I also have another question: GXP, could you guys offer like 50 limited edition red LUCIs, never to be offered again? They could represent Canada! That would be cool thanks :) A thin layer of spandex would stop hair tugging but might take away from breathability I had the same idea about adding fabric but with the concern that the silicon would pull hair. But for breathability the silicon, if I remember correctly, will be perforated @GXP: I came up with a question. The thought occurred to me that the silicone head band might not be breathable and cause sweating which would be very uncomfortable to some people. Are you planning on lining the forehead area with perhaps some sort of wicking fabric (underarm or type)? "In actuality, there are 2 electrodes. One of them, located in the front of the head provides the neutral reference signal." I don't understand why the second electrode doesn't appear in both the first sketch, as well as the photos you took of the LUCI device (the one where Marty wears it, as well as the one where it is sitting on the table). Is it there, but we can't see it that easily given the angles ? Thanks for the clarifications GXP, now nobody can doubt your intentions and your authenticity. Thanks for the update and the additionnal infos about the redesign of the PCB. I know this is far too soon, but can you at least tell us some of the new features you'd like to add to the product by redesigning it ? It would be cool to know, and I'm sure it would shift the topic of the conversation back to LUCI, as it is, since some time now, pretty much always about doubting you. You gave far enough justifications and provided a lot of evidence to back you up, so this conversation , to me, should be forever closed. @Luis The wake up alarm is regularly asked by backers to be implemented on the final product. GXP is currently hiring somebody to redesign part of the product, to make it able to include new features. I am almost 100% positive that the wake up will be implemented, it just doesn't seem to be that hard to include. But that is just speculation of course. :) I hope they will though. New Backer to the Project! Found about it yesterday and funded it almost immediately, an amazing idea! I have one small question/suggestion for you guys, as part of what could be customizable via usb port for it: Since the product comes with earbuds, which I love, it might make it a bit hard to hear one's alarm in the morning. Would it be possible to program an alarm to wake you up at a certain time on certain days? This would certainly solve that problem, and could also be a more effective way to wake up than an alarm clock. If implemented, it would also give the product yet another dimension. Amazing product guys, keep up the good work! Can't wait till I receive mine! This user's account has been deleted. Is my pledge money amount tax deductible? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Woops, Caluka group. Manoko is right, and if you really want to you could phone REQ and request one of their services, or call em up and confirm their details. If you're still suspicious. I think GXP gave enough evidence backing them up, but if you need additionnal information, I can understand. To get back on the LUCI hype-train, the fact that you're hiring someone to re-do the product is amazing news, please give us updates about that, since it is the first step towards more awesome features ! And my god, 80% success rate in complete beginners sounds unreal (not questioning your claims though, rest assured ;-). It's pretty obvious now that, with this as a starting ground, we can build our way up to have a lot more than this, using the classic methods now to induce lucid dreams and improve dream recall and vividness. I'm pretty amazed by your product already, I just want everyone to understand, as well as probable future backers, that it is nothing short of incredible to have that much success rate on prototypes. Keep up the amazing work Wayne, Martine, and everyone else included in the team ! I wouldn't call it strange at all if the original company was founded at that date and the GXP is simply an extension or renaming of the company. If it hadn't been renamed yet in the big books, it will possibly lead to no information about it. But it would have been wise in that case to write down the original name the company had before to avoid confusion~ Anyway, waiting to see what the answer will be. This is indeed very strange!! Found on the Project Creator's KickStarter bio page: "Based in Montreal, Quebec, GXP was founded in 1998 by Wayne Kendall as an IT consulting business. Since then, the company has become involved in web hosting, online retailing, precious metals recycling, advertising, software development and product development." I googled "GXP Technologies 1998 Wayne Kendall" and found nothing. 6 hours ago, the project creator posted this: "GXP Technologies is a business name we came up with especially for the development of the LUCI. When the product goes to market, we plan to market it under that business entity. You won't find any website simply because we haven't created one yet! We thought this would seem pretty obvious." However, it is stated in the KickStarter's full bio: "Based in Montreal, Quebec, GXP was founded in 1998 by Wayne Kendall as an IT consulting business." I would greatly appreciate a response to this confusing situation, thanks! @GXP Great to hear such swift and nice response of you GXP! Got me worried there for a moment... @GXP great to hear! Please make sure it works 80% and test it on as many people as possible, and post the results in detail! @Everyone else stop bringing them down already. They're making the effort to respond to us. Posting this is a scam or rallying people to withdraw their pledge does not help, and if it got to the point where it's not funded, we will 100% get nothing at all. Very early morning here in France, woke up naturally just to check if GXP replied. Very glad that you guys took the time to wipe out our fears. I'll read everything when I wake up, please understand our position, knowing nothing about you and people coming to the comment section affirming you could be trying to scam us. It put doubts in our minds. Never wanted to do this campaign harm though, I guess it's quite obvious how passionate I am about it. All in all, thank you GXP. :) When testing did you count only one of the six people having a lucid dream as a success or is it the average of all six people's LDs added up and averaged out? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. There you have it folks...relax... I've been wondering about that one solo sensor & its position as well. I know on my Zeo headband, there are THREE sensors in the FRONT of the headhead. But those three sensors pick up different stages of sleep -not just the REM stage. Regardless, the Zeo sensor pads need DIRECT SKIN CONTACT on the forehead to pick up the signal. So I'm wondering how this sensor on the Luci actually picks up a signal through all the layers of hair without some sort of conductive gel?? ....And are REM sleep brainwave patterns detectable on both the front AND back of the head (where Luci's sensor is)?? Thanks a lot for the comment Michael. Alright GXP, give us names of members of the LUCI team, explain to us why Wayne Kendall doesn't seem to exist, as well as GXP Technologies. Basically, reply to everything Michael said. Who's with me to contact the staff of Kickstarter if they don't ? If this is indeed a scam, we must act quickly. Another thing really weird, on the home page of LUCI, scroll down to the "Risk and Challenges" paragraph, you'll read: "The appropriation of funds shall remain at our discretion. Use of funds may include (but not limited to) product development, travel, debt repayment, facilities and utilities. If the project does not reach completion, any unused portion will be refunded to those who have rewards still pending and in proportion to the backed amount. We shall not be held legally or financially responsible under any circumstances." "We shall not be held legally or financially responsible under any circumstances." ... Ok guys, if they do not provide strong evidence in 24 hours, I strongly recommend everyone to back away from this project, a lot of things are really weird. It is scam. Similar to REMEE, they are selling people on the idea of lucid dreaming. Not a product that has been researched and tested. The creators of REMEE also led everyone to believe that they would somehow have unprecedented amounts of lucid dreams with their product, where Stephen LaBerge found a 4-10% increase when combined with REM detection! And now GXP wants you to believe that you will have lucid dreams 85% of the time with their invented test results. I have been researching the effects of audio tracks on REM sleep for years and have recorded hundreds of sleep sessions, but haven't been able to beat Stephen's findings by much. And I have real EEG devices and other sensors that can detect rapid eye movements. Their EEG is a joke. Every electroencephalograph that I have come across has a reference electrode and requires skin contact for any meaningful reading. Even with voltmeters, you don’t just wave a wand around a board to magically see what is going on with the current. You need two points of contact. The amp in the picture at the time of writing this is the TDA7293: “intended for use as audio class AB amplifier in Hi-Fi field applications, such as home stereo and self powered loudspeakers” (run a Google image search on it). They are selling you a timer that plays the recording after a random interval. I expect the image to be removed, just like they removed the image of the light switches and light bulbs in the cardboard “circuit board” after I ripped them about it on external site. A random sound played during the stillness of the night will wake you up. Pro tip: you need to play background music throughout the night if you want external sounds to bleed into the dream world. Another major variable that GXP hadn’t discovered. What change in brainwave activity are they looking for exactly? And why at the back of the head!? I can tell you now that the LUCI will increase your lucid dreaming rate by less than 1%, at best – when it doesn’t wake you up, just like the REMEE. That is thrice a year if you wear it each day. Playing an audio track randomly throughout the night is cool and all and I was probably the first one to write an app for it back in the 90s, but in this day and age you can just schedule an alarm on any phone. Not to mention the countless free apps that will do it with all sorts of bells and whistles. With REMEE, at least a real company and some real people ruined their reputation: <url>"the public’s good faith in the development of real, evidence and science based lucid dream induction aids is hurt” by profiteering gluttons. To end on a positive note: who else is excited about the branded USB flash drive?!1 :P Please be quick to provide evidence GXP. As am I. I don't want to back anything that won't back itself. Ok GXP, we're all pretty skeptical, I'm out of this project unless you provide some evidence. @Ian Yes, let's see if they can be a little less shady. It's getting late here, I'll try to lucid dream and see tomorrow morning when I wake up if GXP took time to prove everyone who doubted them wrong. Well, let's not take hasty decisions. Let GXP reply first. @Manoko You should not rely on Kickstarter regarding any sort of project creator check. That is rather clear in their general conditions, and the following text is displayed in a corner when you are about to finalize your pledge: “Kickstarter does not guarantee projects or investigate a creator's ability to complete their project. It is the responsibility of the project creator to complete their project as promised, and the claims of this project are theirs alone.” Scams seem to be a rather current issue on Kickstarter, and backers are left on their own when it happens... In the present case, your link was very useful but your post is a bit misleading because of a couple of typos. I think that what you mean is that they meet all the standards for being scammers: - NOT connected on Facebook - NO first-person video - NO reference whatsoever - … Hmm well I'm starting to fear this is a scam. Hopefully it's not, that would be a shame. If that is the case though and your credit card is billed to remove the charge may(or may not) be as simple as claiming the product is "not as described". Although you may want to consider taking a preemptive strike and un back the project before time runs out. Good luck everyone! <url>#faq_41857 From the FAQ of Kickstarter. I'm starting to be doubtful about GXP, we can't find them on google, they have connected via facebook, it's their first project. Well, they meet none of the standards Kickstarter tell us to pay attention to to spot scammers. GXP, please tell us more about yourselves, and post some links showing that you are indeed "for real". GXP, next time you read the comments, please tell us more about yourselves and provide links to reassure everyone thinking this could be some sort of a scam. I do think you're legit, simply because I trust Kickstarter and it must not be that easy to scam on this website, you must, I think, give a lot of informations about yourself before getting your project approved. But that's just speculation, honestly I don't really know. Also, please tell us more about those tests you did, give us numbers, testimonies, charts, everything you can. And finally, don't forget to keep us updated about your project of redesigning the product. Please do it fast, because my guess is that a lot of people are waiting for those changes to be made before pledging. It's for your own interest as well. Ian: I agree. I too tried to find info about them on google, but this kickstarter page was the only thing I could find. I've made the pledge, so I guess I'm just that desperate, but I'm debating whether or not to cancel my donation if some more reliable info hasn't been released by the end of the kickstarter. dreamer* So glad I was able to get this at the KS price! For a few years in my early 20's I was a natural lucid dream and looooved it! I've since fell out of this ability and really hope this will bring the lucid worlds back to my life! Something I'd love to see is the ability to download what happened that night.. like how many times I woke up etc. Can't wait for this to come out! I agree with Frank. Seeing some statistics would be nice Yep, some first-time testimonials would be nice. Also the number of tested people so far and a percentage of lucid dreaming occurrences for the persons with the LEAST and MOST amount of lucid dreams you tested so far. This should at least give us some very basic indication on how high (or low) to set our expectations. Some people might be disappointed if it only happens in one of three nights, while I (and I think I'm speaking for the majority here) would be thrilled to have lucid dreams as often as every third night. I know you have some test results on the first page, but it doesn't say if this was for a single person (though it looks like that is the case) or an average of, say, 20 people. Charts would be nice. Charts are good. And as a backer of 7 Kickstarter projects so far, let me say that graphics (charts) in the official updates are ALWAYS a good thing. Like Ben I'd like to see some feedback from the testers, especially the ones who had never had a lucid dream before, to see exactly what their experience was like. Knowing it works a large percentage of the time is already pretty exciting, but I think potential backers would be more excited if someone actually described their experience while using Luci. @Ben Well, I think that it is for GXP to stop putting doubt into our minds! I can deal with the naysayers regarding the functional part of the device: I take the risk. BUT I would like to know a bit more about who will deliver and what he (they?) will deliver... @Ian. Stop putting doubt into our minds :) @GXP I love your project... and I have a niggle of doubt about it: IS IT A SCAM ? Your "full bio" is rather short, for a project collecting this amount of funding. It says that GXP was founded 15 years ago in Montreal, but a quick search on google does not provide any trace of It. Is it possible for a company "involved in web hosting, online retailing, precious metals recycling, advertising, software development and product development" for that long not to have a web site? Can you please give us some reassuring references ? I am still unsure about what I pledge for, even after checking the FAQ. - Will I receive the eBook? - Where will the stereo jack will be ? - Will there be batteries ? - Will there be some external storage (SD card / usb stick) for configuration, custom sounds and recording ? I agree, it would be really nice, but I think they are most likely under a NDA... It would also be nice to hear some feedback from testers, what the activation felt like, so on. I as well am curious about the number of people that tested the prototypes. I think it would be a nice addition to the FAQ, it's a perfect counter-argument to the naysayers. Just backed and super excited about the product. Considering we will being wearing ear plugs that reduce sound all night, it would be nice it had an alarm feature to wake us up, considering we won't be able to hear any other alarm. You could even get as fancy as having the alarm read the optimal time to wake someone up in accordance to the sleep cycle. So how many people did you test GXP? Also, you want to keep in mind that the ear phones GXP will provide will, for sure, be comfortable enough to wear during sleep. It's their main purpose, to be worn at night, so I think they'll provide good ear phones for this matter. :) Manoko: I probably will do that depending on the "comfortableness" of the ear phones, since I've tried sleeping with them with much discomfort. Ben, unless I'm mistaking, you can buy both the product (LUCI and the sleepphones and use them at the same time, since there will be a jack plug on the headband of LUCI. I wonder if they've thought of something like this, <url>"intereted" = interested ack...XP @GXP- man, here i thought i was done with thinking of other things i would care about having included...=P Manoko's comment is very much like what i am wanting to see implemented. for me, i would also like the ability to have a recording begin (or a live show) when the LUCI detects the REM state. i also think that besides for learning, you could use it for music... i have actually written over 75 tracks myself, and i would very much like to be able to play them, or the music of others, when i enter dream state. also, as i mentioned briefly before, it could be great for subliminal messages, for things like quitting smoking, or working on issues one might have, such as anxiety problems, or certain fears. with the inclusion of a simple feature allowing for a message that doesn't stop, or repeat (unless you want it to), you could possibly open up a whole new use for your device, gaining support from a total new group of intereted backers. even if you include this now, and there isn't a ton of time left in the kickstarter, when it is produced, you won't have to change anything, and it will continue to appeal to a larger percentage of people... thanks again GXP for taking our thoughts on the functions of LUCI into account, it is going to make for one hell of a device for us all to look forward to. =] Wow kickstarter, no option to edit comments? Please someone tell me that I am missing something here. Regarding my last post, I just saw your response regarding how the device will be powered, so disregard that. I agree that if one option goes that it should be the batteries, although both options would be nice so you could take it on a plane or something with you. Since everyone is putting their opinions, I figured I'll throw mine in too. I don't want my headband to be wireless. It will require recharging or replacing batteries and I would prefer not to deal with that. I do like the idea of wireless in the sense of the module auto transmitting to a mobile device or computer to upload data. The data may give a better idea of when the user is in certain stages of sleep during the night in order to use other techniques to assist in lucid dreaming. How will this device be powered? Will it be plugged into the wall, will it be battery operated? Will all of the major design changes be implemented before the end of the funding period? If you were to change the idea of the headband and use something like the sleep phones, I would not want to back still I can't sleep with a fabric headband wrapped around my ears personally. If that is what everyone wants, that is fine, but I wouldn't be a customer. Keep up the good work, GXP, and keep the updates coming. Just reposting a comment I've seen in the update section: "One thing I'd like to see would be a way to play a long audio (I've always wanted to experiment sleep-teaching)" GXP, with the redesign of the product, can you please take that into account ? It would be really nice to be able to play teaching materials like podcast during our REM stages of sleep, since it is known that the brain is actively storing memories during those stages. And it comes with a headphone jack too ;) A better band would be this if you want to incorporate speakers in the band: <url>"active" sleepers. Then in the morning you just unplug the micro usb from your phone and plug it into the module on the band to charge. Please build this version!! Why not just add a circuit loop that would allow an 5v charger to charge rechargeable batteries? It would solve both sides of the issue because you could run it plugged or unplugged. I think it would be nice because i could take it off in the morning and put it on the charger until i go back to bed. No need to include the charger because most of us already have USB cell phone chargers, as well as micro USB cables. I would also prefer batteries because of the portability. If you are a very active sleeper, the AC box would be very annoying. In my oppinion the best solution would be an Accumulator, which could be charged via USB. That would kick all the other possibilities right into the face If adding an AC jack, would this be compatible with standard Euro 230V sockets? An external power adapter (non-proprietary) and batteries seems like a better bet for global compability. No batteries? I was planning on using a phone armband to keep the box on my upper arm since I turn around like 20 turns a night while sleeping. If you have an external AC/DC converter (power brick), which voltage would it output? If 5V, you might want to use a standard MicroUSB port. It would then be compatible with most mobile chargers, and for users who want portability there are a great number of power packs for mobile phones that would work. What kind of batteries does it use (or does it require a power socket?) and how long can it run before a change is necessary? @GXP You mentioned in your update that we can use amplified speakers since you will be including the jack. My question is: where is the jack? I had seen posts from others speculating whether it would be on the headband, module, or both. For earbud use, obviously the headband would make more sense. But for speakers I would thing the module would be the best location in order to avoid a day's nest of wires. I can't wait to start using it! hey GXP!! thanks sooo much for including the voice alert feature in your plans! after everything that has been said, you really are adding the best of the recommendations made by the backers... that's what is so great about the kickstarter way of creating a product (that is, when the creator listens =]). my last concern was that voice being played, and i very much appreciate the inclusion of this... i was backing already, but i have let many others know about it now that i'm so satisfied with the features! it's good to know that if us crazy backers come up with anything else that really needs to be added, you will take it into consideration. =] so, is the ebook included? just wondering... btw, couldn't we work subliminal messages into our alert? maybe i could stop smoking. =P Ben: That's all depending on if a comatose person is registering ANY sound. Many comatose patients have been reported to do so, but not all. Not sure if the experience any dreaming at all during that period; if they do, this should work. But I don't think it's one continuous dream they are having in that case. Speaking of nightmares, that is the main reason for me backing this project. I often have periods with nightmares several times a week, and knowing that I am actually just dreaming will hopefully let me take control, turning a nightmare into a pleasant dream. Might be worth mentioning to your friends if they have the same problem. Hey! I had an idea, it probably wont work, but still; could you use this on comatised patients, or are they in too much of a deep sleep to recognize the command? because think about it if you were dreaming as a comatised patient, and you had a nightmare, wouldn't you be stuck in that? This sounds really misinformed typing it now, but I'm not deleting it... Also, since you're here, myself and others are wondering if you'll be providing the E-Book to the higher pledges ? I think it would be a great addition to our LUCI, and since it isn't a physical product, it literally costs nothing to bundle it with LUCI (every editions). Thanks GXP, you just relieved me of my very last worry. Have a great day too ! @Erwin: This is managed by your kickstarter account. Click the top right corner on this page: Me > Edit settings > Account tab. On kickstarter projects, a survey is usually sent out when the product is close to shipping where color choices and addresses are gathered. In this case probably in January or February. The reason for doing this so late is to make sure all information is up to date when the product is ready for shipping. Out of the 2000+ backers so far, a number of them will have changed their addresses by then. Tje survey is done here on the kickstarter page so even if you don't have your email address anymore you can still fill in the survey as long as you have your kickstarter account. Richard they never asked me for my e-mail so how would they know to send me an email? We need a DIY guide. I really want this but I'm impatient xD. I'm looking into DIY but eh, I doubt I'll figure it out. This user's account has been deleted. I just donated 175$ for the black edition of luci... How come it didn't ask me my address to send luci? Anyone got this same problem I'm new to this app Do we still get the E-bok if we pledged 175$? I think it'd be a cool bonus(: @Edward Wilkinson Yeah its crazy so many new backers from Vsauce! shows the power of youtube! keep up the good work GXP Man, pledges pouring in now! Hopefully Luci keeps trending this way so we can see all of the improvements come to fruition. I think it would be wireless because we move around in our sleep, also it should have a recharger able battery (if it needs one) I'm a backer -> thanks to Vsauce2!! If I'm a backer, it's thanks to Vsauce2 :) Thanks to youtube.com/user/Vsauce2 if its wasn't for him i would have missed this. Mac and Francisco, please take time to read updates and/or FAQ. The customizable voice alert has already been confirmed: "Vocal alert WILL be customizable with your own recording". <url>#chart-daily Progress over the last couple of days had been god damn incredible. I agree that the function for change the vocal message is very important! Please try to integrate that if possible. Also i think that a usb port to be able to analyze info is very important as well! PLEASE INTEGRATE =] I think the function for change the vocal message is very important! With that, we will able to give a direction to our dreams. Exemple, the voice Say: "You are in a dream, and now you want to meet steve jobs!" You can choose the subject of your dream before sleeping. Thank's for your jobs! GXP, make and update about your last comment here. I think it will greatly increase the rate of the donations, especially the fact that you're brainstorming to redesign the product to add new functionnalities ! Almost up to 300k just a day after the positive communications started! Great job: see what a difference it makes?! We'll see then, I still think 60 seconds is too much though. GXP, make you're amazing comment an update, it is very informative and needs to be put there ! Manoko: From my experience with Lucid dreaming, I was actually unable to get out of the lucid dream state. So far as I know, once you've achieved it, it's difficult to lose. Though my experience is limited to about three cases, each time it happened, the only way it could end was with me eventually waking up. thanks for your quick answer GXP :-) Yeah, but it doesn't say how much time/night it worked. That's what I'm concerned about, maybe if it was 20 or 30 seconds only, we wouldn't miss a single REM sleep stage. :) This user's account has been deleted. Sorry I didn't mean to post my last comment that fast, here's the next part: Isn't 60 seconds too much ? I mean, during those 60 seconds, isn't there too much room for the device to stop for a brief moment reading the brain waves and resetting the counter to 60 seconds again ? It seems to me that we could lose a lot of dream time with this. By the way GXP, you should take that very long comment you shared with us an hour ago, and make it as an update, since it is very important and informed us a lot about what you're currently doing with LUCI. "In order to avoid false alerts, the device will only trigger when it samples the desired frequency for 60 seconds non-stop. We experience 4-5 REM stages per night, each progressively longer, so there will be plenty of opportunities." Isn't 60 seconds "We are looking into the possibility of completely redesigning the device with your suggestions. Some things we never thought of now seem comnpletely necessary. We will keep you posted on how far we can take it." Just a quick post to congratulate you on being innovative enough to consider this. You keep on delivering, this is truly amazing to be part of this journey. Please, keep us posted on this, as many of us would really like this redesign to become a reality, and have a more refined product at the end. GXP, I take back everything I said about your communication, you really are amazing now that you talk to us and share the progression of LUCI. Much love from France ! As an update to my previous comment; My postal code is 4018, but I wrote 04018. Will this affect the delivery even if the address is otherwise correct? GXP- i really like the idea of hearing your brainwaves for a few seconds when first putting it on, however, my other concern (a big one), is that the voice is working correctly before deciding to wear it all night. i mean, if i'm unsure the voice is working, it could be silent, and i could be wearing it for year(s) with no use to be had from it. this worries me a bit. i do think having the system do a quick check when turned on is a great idea, from the brainwaves you mentioned, but also having the voice play when you turn it on. this would also allow me to decide if i want to replace the headphones, in case they are the part not working correctly. otherwise, how else am i going to know? would it be hard to have the voice play when turning on the device? if so, why? this just seems like it should be a given feature, as i consider it very important for everyone to be able to determine the working order of the LUCI with each use. please, consider this. if it means anything to you, most all of the people i have discussed this project with have had similar concerns keeping them from backing... btw, congratulations on your aproach of $300,000 and 2,000 backers! i'm sure we will see that happen, now, and i think taking the thoughts of backers into consideration has a lot to do with your overall success. thank you for keeping in touch! =] GXP: Thank you, this is exactly what we want to be seeing from you! Also good that you keep an open mind about the design. I don't mind the scheduled being a bit delayed if it means we get a product that is a whole better. You've won me back. <3 This looks so amazing and I've already backed the 150 CAD pledge already backed, but I would definitely be prepared to be pay more than $299 CAD maybe even a thousand, (assuming it works, that is :).) So thank you to everyone at GXP, this is gonna be awesome! Thank sauce :) <url>`t get me wrong, i`m a backer and also about to get the Luci inducer and of course will use it, but it`s like i`m not sure about what can it cause... I know there is no radio-electro waves that it`s transmitting, but still... thanks if anyone will replay to my comment and have the same concerns as i do :) Thank vsauce2. If it wasnt for them, i would have never heard about the Luci. I pledged and i cant wait to get it! Crud, I wrote the wrong postal code when donating. Any chance I can redo it? Haha Tony, that is a very honest comment. :D Wow many possible times a night? I better get more sheets! Lol "We go through multiple states of REM sleep peer night, right? So will LUCI activate every cycle, for multiple dreams each night?" Yep Edward. Basically, each time the sensor detects REM brain waves, it sends you the voice alert. :) So, a lot of fun, multiple times per night ! We go through multiple states of REM sleep peer night, right? So will LUCI activate every cycle, for multiple dreams each night? Any chance you could estimate a maximum head circumference? I know you say it should work for everyone, but "one size fits all" hats don't always fit those of us who are especially well-endowed up top. It would be nice to know for sure that my Luci will fit my head. Thanks! "I hope that you're able to ship out Luci to Australia." According to the FAQ, they're able to ship worldwide. So don't worry about that, and welcome aboard ! Vsauce brought me here and I made a pledge. I hope that you're able to ship out Luci to Australia. I'm really excited for this. Hope it all goes well. Also, the team that created Luci. Youse should find a way to contract and thank vsauce 2 (The YouTube channel). I've seen a lot of pledgers that has signed up and pledge cause of their latest video featured Luci "Maybe something like.. $1000 for a personalised LUCI of yrou color choice, name imprinted and signed. or multiple bands for a higher tier." I saw another person make the same comment in the updates section. GXP, if you're reading this, please add a tier to purchase txo LUCI on the same account. Shout out to Vsauce, came straight here! Limited Black REPRESENT! This user's account has been deleted. The second i saw this on vsauce, went to the link, signed up and pledged for the limited edition black luci. did not think twice, i have to have this! Go LUCI team! Go Saw these guys on Vsauce2 LUT and had to back this with the 175$! I love lucid dreaming and would hope this goes on the market some how or in some form! any thoughts on the Luci naysayers in this forum? - <url>™ is on YouTube! Vsauce2 talks about it in his 33rd episode of LÜT. I just thought that was pretty cool. <url>"Luci active. Sensors operating" (if headband is on and Luci is actually detecting brainwaves)". To keep it simple, this voice confirmation does not have to be customizable. This user's account has been deleted. Welcome & thank-you for participating in the comments section. Whether you develop & provide software or not is less important that providing the ability to retrieve data from the device. Plain text, .csv, easy, friendly, open. Let me plot the data & analyze it myself. The USB port mentioned below for uploading new sound files could be tasked for downloading as well. Thanks again. wow, i really wish i could edit past posts on KS... just wanted to ask how long LUCI waits once it detects the rem brainwaves before playing the message? right away would seem like WAY too soon, for me. at least a few minutes would be great. thanks again! OK. With the delayed alarm I meant an alarm that wakes us up ca 10 minutes after the lucid dream notification, so that we can remember and write down our dreams. This shouldn't be a mandatory feature, but something optional, especially in the beginning, to help us learn to remember our dreams. Which is paramount to enjoying the lucid dreams, as most dreams during a night, lucid or not, is lost because we don't remember. To wake up just after the dream state, is so valuable in remembering dreams. And with LUCI, we can, if there is a wake-up alarm that gets of after the lucid dream is induce with the voice command. I have commented about this several times, there are more details further down. sorry- i forgot to mention how much i agree with the thought that a volume dial/knob should be added to the box for the LUCI. this would be quite a perfect addition. @ GPX- thanks so much for communicating with backers, i have been reading this page, and getting very depressed about this... i understand being unable to add certain things, and with your latest reply, i am satisfied with all, but one issue. my question is, will there perhaps be a button on LUCI to allow us to test (without a PC), and make certain that the voice function is working correctly, and that the headphones don't need replacing? i think this would be very important, as there is no way of knowing it's working when we are asleep... personally, i would like to check this on a regular basis, to be sure there is a reason i'm wearing it each night. =] i do find that i'm a bit obsessive, but i've spoken with others, and i know i'm not the only one who would find this to be truly needed in this device. also, if we change the voice, and/or message, there needs to be a way to test it, without needing to hook it up to a computer (i know that many times i use it, i will not be around a PC, and i would hate to only know it's working when i have a computer nearby...). please, consider this, and that some of us may not be in the group that has the money to afford all the things the features such as USB and bluetooth would allow. i do strongly agree that they should be included, and it's nice to hear that they will be, but i already have a problem getting the money together to back for this, being on disability, and unable to work, and with my PC down, i'm using other means to keep up with online issues, so i would not have use of many of the functions that require a PC to use (though it will be something to look forward to... =] ) please let us know any thoughts or plans you have on something as super-simple as a button to test the message on the actual LUCI device. thanks so much! =) "In all honesty, any extra money will probably be used towards better materials and packaging." Alright, let's be smart about it then: listen to what Svein is telling: "simply an output that goes from 0V to 3V or 5V when LUCI detects the REM state. NOTHING more. You already have an output that does that on your circuit board, right? So just pull a parallell wire from it to a physical output on LUCI, like another jack-plug, what ever. This single implementation opens up a whole new world of possibilities for hackers and tinkerers. And it allow you to easily make extensions to LUCI later, that can be just plugged into this output." 300k is not a very large sum in the grand scheme of an integrated technology like this. If they can pull off the software, I would be truly impressed. But if they are already too busy with their logistics, planning, and finalizing designs, I can't imagine they would have time to write a bunch of code before they ship the product. But with the usb port existing, that should offer them the ability to later offer downloads to users for software and firmware updates. Outsourcing to a software engineer is a pricey endeavor. As long as I get Luci as advertised, and it works for me - ill be happy. Everything else is icing on the cake. The output functionality I talk about is NOT to the computer. It is simply an output that goes from 0V to 3V or 5V when LUCI detects the REM state. NOTHING more. You already have an output that does that on your circuit board, right? So just pull a parallell wire from it to a physical output on LUCI, like another jack-plug, what ever. This single implementation opens up a whole new world of possibilities for hackers and tinkerers. And it allow you to easily make extensions to LUCI later, that can be just plugged into this output. "Output functionality to a computer is on the drawing table, but will require us to develop a software application." Please make it a reality. It will allow the product to evolve with time, and make possible adding useful features like an alarm to wake up in the morning for example. You're likely gonna have $300.000+ when the campaign ends, you have the money for all this I think. Nice update, thank you. Custom audio and jack-plug, good :-) And you forgot to mention the delayed dream alarm and the logic HIGH output, of course.. Right? The delayed alarm requires a mere small addition of simple coding and the HIGH output is also pretty basic. AND THEY ARE IMPORTANT! Yes? :-) Guys, check the updates: vocal alert fully customizable ! :D About the bluetooth integration, simply put it as an option in the first model, make it possible to choose between wired or bluetooth please, even if you don't know the health effects of bluetooth. It's just that, I don't want the backers' product to lack the functionnality of the product you'll sell later. I read in the FAQ now that it was some type of silicone that would be gentle on the head, hope that it wont squeeze to much then. :) Tnx. Will the size be "universal"? I have issues with caps that they can feel to small sometimes. If its a tight rubber band that is going to squeeze the life out of my head? Looking forward to the "not so limited" knob** Typo on the word know Can you please show where you plan to have the headphone jack, will there be a volume adjustment know? Will these both be on the amp? Will they be on the actual headband? If on the actual headband, please show a design picture. I sleep on my right side, and I need to know where the actual jack will be Thanks I think the best solution is to stick the jack and the volume knob on the amp itself Thanks for answering GXP. You can't make promises about additionnal features, that I understand. Though it would be really interesting to know where you're at concerning those features, since a lot of us are backers of the initial project, but would be thrilled to hear about new things about it. I know it would make a lot of backers update their pledges to your benefit, and also bring new backers that wanted those features to be their in the final product. Just talk to us more, I assure you that you will have a lot of new funds available when everyone see that you care about your backers. And new funds = additional features, you see the pattern here ? DOUBLEING the limited edition is like painting a Monalisa, then for the high demand and need for the painting the paintor would have painted a couple more of them..... For me it's essential to have available the possibility to select a different language. I think its just a basic option but very necessary.I'm going to wait untill last day and if i don't have news about that i will remove my pledge too. I can't take that risk. Please, keep us informed GXP. "Have any of you who asked questions with private messages actually gotten any answers? If GPX don't start talking to us, and SOON (not waiting to the last two days or so), I'm out. I can't trust them." They indeed have not responded to my questions on PM, which I sent more than a week ago. GXP, just talk to us, omg... The lack of communication makes me not being able to take GPX seriously. This smells bad news. Bad customer support, Could it be that they really don't know how to make the product and that's why they are avoiding all questions? That they have no idea how to actually add the USB port, where to place the jack etc.? Have any of you who asked questions with private messages actually gotten any answers? If GPX don't start talking to us, and SOON (not waiting to the last two days or so), I'm out. I can't trust them. I wonder if you have considered that the connection between the amplifier and the headband would be a wireless connection ? (If possible of course) I'm also really surprised with this "1000 limited editions". I thought the point of a limited edition was to be limited to the amount you fix before you sell them. Well, this campaign is far from perfect, that's for sure. I am part of the vast majority that would like to hear from you, we are not simply the dollars we give you, there are persons with questions behind the pledges that make your project real. If you do not understand that you need to be close to the persons supporting you, like every other Kickstarter campaign by the way, I will remove my pledge too. The ball is in your hands GXP, just frickin' take 5 mins and talk to us now and then !!! hmmm... I might back out. Starting to think this one is a scam too. No face, no GXP Technologies company existing, short updates not telling much. Need to see some convincing proof not to back out. @ Sandro Huber @ Raymond Self Exactly guys... I also ordered the limited black version. Really, this project is going worse, not better.. Right now (with creators' decision to remove the integrated earbuds) the product is not even going to look like it supposed to... @ LUCI Team - You are going to receive $200,000 more than expected - for what?? Please communicate with us! This is a BAD joke right? Offering 500 Limited Edition Luci and now there will be 1000 of them? It looks for me, you want to make more money instead to offer something really limited!! Glad I'm not the only one with this opinion. And about the headphone jack: Give us the integrated one PLUS a headphone jack on the amplifier. Don't forget to add a USB port with the ability to change the language, upgrade the firmware and/or save the sleep states. I'm really thinking to cancel my pledge otherwise. Please, JUST COMMUNICATE WITH US!!! I think it is incredibly bad idea that you are offering another 500 limited edition LUCI's the whole idea and benefit of paying that bit extra was that there is ONLY 500 now that there is going to be 1000 the novelty has worn off I dont know how you can write "ONLY 500 WILL BE MADE" and then lie to all the backers of that 500 and add another 500 that is not acceptable!!! They don't have to answer individually, if the amount of individuals overwhelm them. Then they speak to more of the people at the same time. I don't care. What I care about is that they show that they are people, show where they are, and make me able to relate to them. They can begin to archieve this just by commenting in this place, saying something "We understand the frustration you (the backers) have from that we have been so out of touch... blablabla" As long as it works and that i have no trouble using it. If it really is what they say it is and it does what its supposed to do. I'll guess i get what i pay for. But yeah i can understand that they have alot on their head right now with so many backers with their own questions. I've got many friends who would love to test this product out as soon as i have it haha but since they never experienced a lucid dream they don't quite well understand and/or believe it. Does GXP Technologies even have a website or something? BTW if popular demand overwhelms your capacities to respond please invest some money from the soon to be received pledge amount and pay for a temporary Customer Relations Person! This makes ALL the DIFFERENCE! MUCH MORE IMPORTANT than this is the ability to CHANGE the Sound-File played (too experiment and language localisation) … USB or SD-CARD-SOLUTION. Any comments on this. I am from Germany and being talked to in englisch might not work as good. Also I would like to induce other settings via audio then the regular suggestion. I don't quite understand the unbearable lack of communication from GXP. But I could understand and that would have eased my mind a lot. Right now, I almost hope everyone pull their funding before the project ends, just to communicate to GXP how necessary it is for them to begin communicating like PEOPLE. The human touch is not to be underestimated GXP, even online in the digital world! And right now, you seem pretty cold to us. Not like a caring and warm being, that keeps their word and are honest, and thus act in the best interest of us. yeah this lack of reply, overall communication and updates that effectively just sum up the fund status is disconcerting. & I'd have no problem with zero upgrades of any sort if they weren't acknowledged as being determined by the funds available. In that case I'd say, congrats on the profits! but thats not what happened OK GPX..... I've been watching this project ever since it was about 5 days old. I love the concept. I used to be really into lucid dreaming & astral projection (both naturally w/o aids) about 10-15 years ago, but have since moved my interests elsewhere. I really do WANT to back your project & try out your headset. But as of right now, I'm only pledging $5 for an e-book that I don't really need. And I'm really only pledging this amount right now just so that I can leave this comment here. We ALL feel EXACTLY like what Matthew Bufford posted (about 10 hrs before this post). If you don't communicate with us BEFORE you get our money, then I'm 100% certain that you won't communicate with us AFTER you get our money either. But if you start answering questions on this board & actually start communicating with us here, then I will more than likely upgrade my pledge amount to support you more..... It's up to you, GPX. Just a hint for the creators, the USB does not need to be a 3.0 as in the picture but a 2.0 would be good enough as it is not a data intensive product like a HDD. This would bring cost down and a higher chance of us, backers getting a USB port so we could programme our own voices which would suit ourselves better. Thanks Wish they would communicate more... every other consumer EEG headwear I've looked into has at least USB support and some are even cheaper then LUCI. Even if they do confirm USB/Bluetooth support how far will that go? will they continue to develop and support the product/software after they release it? They have yet to answer my question about all this and there is only 9 days to go. At the moment I am very doubtful this will be worth the $299 they expect for them. add wireless, usb, make sure its comfortable for side-sleepers and combine with these <url>"killer" :) p.s. seriously, these guys are right, you should speak with the community more, especially on a closing week. GXP, you could quell much of the angst in your chat rooms by simply talking with us. Other ventures I support have the creators constantly answering individual questions in the comments, and treating each supporter as an individual as opposed to the, so far, general information approach. These are very valid questions being posed, and much of your pledged funding is riding on the line. Though not everyone speaks up in the chats, most are reading and agreeing. Please provide more information about the final product. What is the jack/earbud determination? What is the USB determination - have we not provided "enough funding"? What about Bluetooth, software integrations, etc. with the funding you folks stand to gain, I would hope you are more interested in holding onto it than we have seen evidence of. The new update's wording doesnt actually confirm the head jack The real question now is will there be USB to program and pull data off of the Luci. GXP said with "enough funding" but didn't specify an amount. With less than 9 days left I feel this should be something that is addressed because 594% funding (trending towards 834%) far exceeds their initial goals. In a situation when $40K is initially expected, 594%+ should reasonably be considered "enough funding" and USB (along with its functionality) should be announced. Also, the announcement will increase/maintain backers and therefore overall funding. Keep up the good work GXP but also increase communication especially during the final days of this campaign. This is why I love kickstarter.... Who needs a board of directors to make decisions for us? Yes to the headphone jack and I agree with Marsha below on also including a bundled headphones. In addition to the wanted headphones. Can you please make the connector for those headphones be of the neutrik type? The are the "L" shaped ones rather than straight - they excel when it comes to durability because of the way force is relieved due to loss of a long leverage. Make it happen! I don't want my lucid dream device to break down on me =). Keep up the great work! Jared, the new update confirms head jack. So guys, it will be awe-some !!! :D you guys need to announce whether we're getting a head phone jack or not I know a lot of us will pull our pledges if there is no head jack. so let us know whether youre giving us headphone jacks or we will just have to pull the pledges if you dont confirm that there will be a headphone jack limited Edition Almost Gone "Seems to me this may be an indication of future customer service levels... I too am extremely excited about this product, but if I can't trust the company..." As much as I would want this journey to be perfect, I can't disagree with him. Please, be a little more closer to your backers, it's important to us, and it also shines in the eyes of potential new customers. Be a little more involved with your community, it's necessary. This user's account has been deleted. I'm a relatively new backer, but in less than 20 minutes I've read all comments up to 27 October. This comment cost me about 1 minute to type on an Android tablet. Now, why can't GXP do the same? Doesn't seem that hard to leave a small comment, just to reassure your backers. It does seem odd they are not communicating - at all! Nine days left; if it gets close to the end and I'm not seeing better communications I may withdraw my pledge. Seems to me this may be an indication of future customer service levels... I too am extremely excited about this product, but if I can't trust the company... I really expect that they didn't lie about the results of the prototypes. If this is true, this device would be a life changer! Hopefully they add USB support and more cool options. GXP, your last comment on this section was on the 17th of October... We need you guys to be more active, we're trusting you with our money, and I think we deserve you to answer our questions and give updates on the project. @idan: Not that I have seen. But hopefully the will throw in an extra pair of earphones and a good travel case (not a flimsy pouch). What do you say, GPX? :) There is a difference between the limited edition and standard edition Except the color and the little writing? I agree, I hope they use this opportunity to make their product as good and multifunctional as it can be. That being said, can't wait to try it! I used to have more frequent lucid dreams and I hope this will boost the ratio of occurences. (cont.) But note that it says "for computer analysis". Let's hope that they realize that the possibilities don't end there and that firmware updates (for future or custom functionality), configurations, custom messages/languages etc. would raise the value of the product a LOT. And make for happier backers. :) Well, it says on the front page "A USB port for computer analysis may or may not be offered. It will depend on the funds available." Based on the fact that we are already at over 550% of the pledge goal, I can't imagine they NOT implementing the USB port. If they don't, GPX will be seen as scammers, willfully promising things they won't deliver. Yes, come on GXP! So much activity, so much funding, and almost no communication from you? We are starving after knowing what is going on with the project and what your plans are now! Be good and communicate with those that make you able to realize this project so well, pretty please? Yes? Good :-) Now. 100% agree with manoko. It would be nice to have more regular updates. A lot of us are still wondering what changes you're gonna implement on the final product since you will obviously have the money necessary to make those changes. I just hope it does what it promised!!!! :) @adrian "add another 1 meter cable in your bed just for telling you a single sentence "This is a dream... take control..."" Well, thats the whole point of the product, that single sentence. Thats the whole reason why youll go to bed at night wearing a head band. Thats the reason youll wake up with ear pain from ear buds too :P I can't wait for the USB port, too. There is enough over-funding already to implement it (considering that I can't see other stretch goals in this Kickstarter project). @lofhua - please go to Updates page, there is a big discussion about the headphones jack included in LUCI (2nd thread right now). Personally, I am against it, because it will add another 1 meter cable in your bed just for telling you a single sentence "This is a dream... take control...". I would like to see a port on it so you can plug in your own earphones. In fact, I hope all of the wires have jacks so you can replace them if they break - it would suck if you turn the wrong way in the night and rip them out. I really hope USB port will be integrated. I think it is way better to have the user be able to record the specific message that works for them (or sound). The pitch, tone, etc. could effect the nature of the dream state in my opinion, as I believe that you can't control 100% of the dream parameters. Also make sure there is a way to change ear buds... so are we doing a phone jack or what? please make an announcement of the outcome of the poll. I look forward to seeing a USB port on the device where we can put our own voice file to the device. :) I really can't wait until this product gets finished, I've always wanted to be able to have lucid dreams on the go. But because of the lack of time and dedication I couldn't do it on my own. I hope that the head band is comfortable, stays in place and doesn't prevent me from falling asleep because of the electrode or the headband itself feeling uncomfortable, earbuds falling out or the cables being in the way. I guess I can put the little box under my pillow or something like that.. Still can't wait! I hope they didn't lie about the amazing test results that they had with the prototype haha, my first backed product on kickstarter^^ Yeah, we finally reached 200.000$ !! Congratulation everyone, now with that much money I hope we can expect a very refined end product and some cool new features. Let's see what the next updates tell us. :) For those interested in recording your dreams: <url>"I also think that Bluetooth and/or wifi connectivity would make more sense than USB. GXP did originally state that it was considering both USB and Bluetooth" But, as I have written earlier, to be able to configure that LUCI only begins the wake-up-after-dream-alarm after having dreamt 3-5 times would be good. Then we get a little of both worlds, peaceful sleep and help with dream recall. And of course, being able to not use the wake up alarm at all. But if GXP make an output that goes HIGH, I don't need this wake up alarm. I can make that myself then. Maybe that output should be the first priority! @Joshua Yes. And losing itsy bitty sleep in the beginning, is a great technique to start being good at remembering and having lucid dreams. You don't have to do this forever. You might not need LUCI at all forever either. LUCI is kind of like nice training wheels. How is part of the system remembering dreams already? Which part? @svein the entire point of luci is to have lucid dream, not lose sleep and still remember your dreams. Part of the system is remembering the dreams or else this product would have no value. @Svein I agree with what you have said in your last post. By waking up at the end of your dream via some type of alarm would definitely be beneficial for remembering your dreams after you wake. But i don't think such an alarm would be a good thing if used more than a few times a month. Constantly waking up multiple times every night so you can remember your dreams is not worth the health problems that might be caused by the constant interruption of the sleep cycle. The sleep cycle is incredibly important for the healing of the human body (growth hormones, repair, and such) and really shouldn't be interrupted. @Daniel. This is more or less what I have tried to say, thanks :-) I think, though, a wake up alarm after the dream is almost as necessary as the dream notification itself. Because dream recall is paramount to enjoying lucid dreams. And waking up right after the dream, greatly enhances dream recall. And, we dream many times during a night, so if we remember only one partial dream, we have forgotten A LOT that we have done, lucid or not. And having an output that goes high during REM-state doesn't take much developing. They probably already have this internally on LUCI, they just need to make an physical output and connect it to that signal on the PCB. I'd like your thoughts on this :-) I think a lot of the things that have been talked about on here would be great features to have, but i don't think they are necessary for this product. This project is simply meant to aid us in lucid dreaming. Other than a different option for headphones, the developers should stay away from unnecessary changes, at least for this kickstarter. Changing the internals of this device by adding other functionalities will not only increase the price and bulk of the device, but it will also drastically lengthen the time frame for the delivery date. Engineering extra electronics into a very small device like this takes a lot of time and sometimes it ends up being a waste of time because the engineers are unable to make it small enough to be usable. Remember guys, this is a kickstarter. The developers are new to putting out products and have probably severely underestimated their time frame for putting out this product as is. I hope they haven't, but the fact is that most developers on here tend to take twice as long as they originally thought they would, even without making changes and adding stretch goals. Oh, and for the people who wireless functionality, all that extra bulk that the battery and included electronic will get, and the increased costs are pretty much (and a lot more) already archived with the MUSE (similar headband formed design) and its software developer kit. Also they have 6 EEG sensors instead of 1. <url>"HIGH" during REM-state. We could easily build an arduino thing connected to this output, that does all this, when that output goes "HIGH". That is, it goes from 0V to 3V or 5V, which is logical ON/HIGH. This is what I mean with customizing LUCI as we wish. Such an output makes LUCI very hackable, for dream research. For those who wish. GXP can even make their own such arduino mods, that they can sell pre-made to people wanting extra functionality, if they integrate such a super-simple output on LUCI. Yeah, a simple/advanced mode switch could be used. Or something like that. Emotiv Insight is made so that it is possible to lay with the back of the head resting on a surface, like a bed. EPOC wasn't I think. But yes, you can easily detach the standard sensors and attach you own to Insight. I would just detach the standard sensors and connect LUCIs sensor to one of them. Then Insight can rest on my nightstand, while recording me the whole night. While I wear the LUCI headcap. Hm, I could maybe record with Insight and use LUCI simultanously, in parallell. But you can buy an EEG headcap, and connect that to Emotiv Insight. Then you get all the channels. And you can sleep with it. Insight has a mandatory delay of 1 second, I think. This is used for analyzing the brain data, and is necessary to detect patterns that it responds to. @Svein I am monitoring Emotiv and the other brain to PC interface companies for years now, and while the technology is incredibly promising, its still way to bulky for me. For instance, how would use sleep with the Insight on your head? Also the input recognition lag is way too large for now if you would plan to use them for PC controls. Perhaps this has a lot to do with your non signal related brain noise, that needs to be ignored the best as possible with the algorithms. I would personally give them a few more years to advance, before investing in one and start developing software for it or researching with it. Anyway, with LUCI we could monitor our dreams for research purposes too, and maybe get us somewhat closer to understand how and why are we dreaming. We could make changes to the sounds and other variables and see how that will effect our dreams and lucid states on it. I know this is not the initial plan for the LUCI, but it is definitely related, because it could potentially give us a lot more control and variations with our lucid experiences. What would we experience if a music would play, what would we experience if a random sound would play, or what if a long prerecorded talking session is played back over the certain REM state... I know that this USB/setting functionality needs some extra work, but i am (and a lot of people stated the same) are ready to pay up the extra, if its not outrageously larger. "I am afraid it will become more of a distraction to have too much to choose between." how hard would be to introduce an "easy/advanced mode" switch or tab to the software? People who only want to have the very basics wont be distracted with the detailed settings. I partially concur Zsolt. My priority is (for further development of LUCI from what GXP has already presented): 1. A optional dream alarm that wakes me up 5-15 minutes after the dream notification "you are dreaming.." 2. Ability to customize the message 3. An output that goes "HIGH" when LUCI detects REM-state, with a LED that lights up at the same time. The reason I put dream alarm before custom message, is because if we can't change the message it can still be used to great effect, as I have explained in a previous comment, by making it a reality check in the daytime. We could get the message in mp3 format and by playing the audio in the day time and doing a throrough reality check upon hearing it, it will trigger us deeply in dreaming also, even if we don't understand english at all. Then being woken up a short time after becoming lucid, makes us able to remember the dream and become better at both lucid dream and remember dreams. Two skills completely necessary to lucid dream. All the rest is not necessary to archieve lucid dreaming in of itself. I don't think being able to change the timings and repetitions will greatly enhance LUCI as a help to lucid dream. I am afraid it will become more of a distraction to have too much to choose between. The volume could be good to be able to adjust of course, but that is an easy feature. A feature that will enable LUCI to record our brainwaves requires a lot more work, and it will not enhance LUCI as a lucid dream assistance. But I do understand that it is very interesting to be able to do so. That is why I have bought Emotiv Insight. Having an USB port makes LUCI a more dangerous equipment and will need more safety features, because of the potential of mains voltage. Which is quite possible to mitigage and fix, but it requires more work too. A jack is very nice to have, yes. Less hardwiring is good. My third priority wish for LUCI is an output that goes "HIGH" when LUCI detects the REM-state, with a LED that lights up also. This will make everyone able to customize LUCI as they wish, in order to further help archieving lucid dreams. That is all I think that is necessary for LUCI to greatly, GREATLY help us lucid dream. And that is the point of LUCI, I believe. The rest is not so much about actually lucid dream, but for fun. And I respect that :-) I just hope that what is most important to help lucid dream is the first priority when they develop LUCI. When that is in place, by all means, make USB ports and optional wireless and smart phone connectivity and all the other bells and whistles! - By far the most important thing this project needs is the USB port. Configuring the custom message, also the timings, repetitions, volume and other possible variables is basically a must have features imho. And this all could be controlled and setup with a PC for instance before actually using the device. Maybe we could even record our brainwaves and sleep states and analyze afterwards through a separate software, that will surely be educative and fun. Furthermore, the USB port could eliminate the separate charging port too, making the product and possible further repairs or part replacements more universal. - An included jack on the amplifier, instead of the hardwired earbuds on the headband are more logical solution imho. That way each of us could choose from regular speakers, headphones, earbuds, boneconducting, or any other available solutions, or the better, try them all out and decide what is the most comfortable and/or what works the best. I was thinking about the USB port everyone seems to want. I, like so many other backers, most certainly want added connectivity because it opens a world of possibilities for developing a computer program, mobile app, and updating options on Luci itself. And with these eventual additions in mind, I also think that Bluetooth and/or wifi connectivity would make more sense than USB. GXP did originally state that it was considering both USB and Bluetooth as possibilities, so it seems they are willing to go in either direction. A wireless option, in my opinion, would not only eliminate yet another annoying wire, but it could allow Luci to automatically upload data in realtime as we sleep. USB poses these issues: 1) having to sync at another time 2) risk losing our data until we get the chance to sync 3) Luci currently doesn't have its own memory capacity, so we'd have to upload our data every day, which is annoying and time consuming 4) the only way to upload in real time with USB would make it necessary to sleep with yet another cord and computer/phone nearby (which isn't always possible) 5) Although USB is still used now, technology is moving toward wireless implementations. Our Luci, thus, would become outdated sooner. This is only a small sampling of issues that result from having USB. If anything, I would prefer one of the following scenarios: 1) A completely wireless option that can handle Bluetooth and wifi, along with Luci's current charging port. 2) It seems, from what I can tell, that Luci is currently being charged through a non-USB port if the USB is not currently added. Why not make a single USB port that is both data and charging capable? This would eliminate the current charge port and make room for wireless additions without making the external box larger in size. 3) At the very least, include an inexpensive wifi/Bluetooth dongle that would enable this capability by plugging it into the added USB port. This isn't the best method since dongles are easily lost/broken, but it could be an inexpensive compromise to get the best of both worlds. For those who don't want wireless connectivity, remember that it can always be turned off (as is the case with any other wireless device -- phones, computers, printers, etc.! Or as I said, maybe it can be made an optionally integrated feature! I'm not only considering how I'd use Luci now, but hopefully for several years to come. I'm hoping that a computer program and mobile app will eventually be developed, and that's why I have concerns with adding only a USB port. I don't want to have to worry about purchasing a brand new Luci in a couple of years when these technological additions come to fruition. I really think the wireless capability needs to be there as standard, or at the very least, as an upgrade. I'd love to hear how other backers feel about this since most have only mentioned the USB aspect. Are you aware that the company is willing to consider either of both additions or is there a reason that you only would like USB? I think the bone conduction option would be perfect for the LUCI. But from what i have seen, affordable bone conducting audio devices are still to bulky to be comfortable with the LUCI. The slimmer bone conducting devices used on hearing impaired people are outrageously priced right now but that is always the case with new technology. I think right now the best thing for the developers to do would be to give us a headphone jack and allow us to use our own preferred headphones, at least thats my preference. @Frank, I agree! GXP seems to be highly interested in hearing our ideas. I'm so glad to be brainstorming with you and other interested backers! @Daniel, I don't believe that they mind us referring to other companies solutions to problems if it ultimately will benefit Luci. Yes, SleepPhones are essentially a smaller version of Skullcandy's version, as Daniel explained, but minus the cloth headbands that will be hot, dirty, wear out quickly, etc. When I mentioned the Homebrew Kit, I meant that Luci would need a much smaller version integrated into its current superior silicone headband. The flat headphones would need to be much thinner and no wider than Luci's headband. The only problem with this design is that Luci's headband does not currently go over a person's ears. Even if it were worn over the ears, I think most people wouldn't feel comfortable if their ears were constricted by a headband. Aside from possibly feeling tight, it also poses the potential to make us "hot heads" have hot ears. So now that I think about it, flat headphone solves one problem -- and then causes several others! How do either if you (or anyone else!) feel about bone conduction technology being used to solve the potential problems with headphones? I'm not sure how expensive it would be to integrate this technology into Luci, but I'd surely be interested in paying a bit more if it's not outrageously more. In Update #10, a few other backers also seemed interested in bone conduction. If anything, I'd love for GXP to obtain a price quote and perhaps offer this as an optional upgrade. @GXP If you put in a headphone jack like I hope, how will volume be controlled? Will there be a volume slider on the amp? When people sleep, some have a higher tolerance and threshhold for noise that wakes them, and it is important to find a volume that isnt too loud to wake you, but isnt too quiet that you can hear' So how do you plan to handle the volume adjustmant? @Marsha & Daniel: Thank you both for the info! I don't think the Luci developers mind this discussion as the products we are talking about might be what they end up implementing in the finished Luci. It only helps the cause if they get info about different options. :) Do all people who pledge get the e-mail news about the manufacturing progress? I hope so as I pledged few dollars already. I would love to buy the product once it has has been manufactured (even with double the price). @Frank Yes i am talking about the ones from sleepphones.com. They aren't that warm to me, but keeping my house at 71 degrees and running a ceiling fan when i sleep might be why. However if you are interested in them but aren't sure if they will be to hot, they also make a line called run phones which use a light mesh material instead. @Marsha The sleep phones are a similar concept as the skullcandy homebrew but are quite a bit different. The skullcandy are much much larger and thicker than the sleep phones. Which of course makes sense because the skullcandy are meant to be loud and have a large frequency range. However the sleepphones are meant for comfort during sleep, which is why they are much thinner (less than an inch wide and less than 1/8" thick). But the sleep phones lack bass response and loudness in comparison to the skullcandy homebrew. One last thing, The sleep phones are better at directing the sound to the wearer, which is good if someone else shares your bed. @Luci developers I am sorry for such a long post about a company with whom you are not affiliated. I just wanted to answer the question asked of me and show the difference between the other headphone idea mentioned on here. I wonder if there will be a chance that the makers of Luci will add (or make available) some kind of storage case. I'd prefer something slim with a hard shell. It would be especially useful for travel and even protecting our dear Luci at home! @Frank -- Skullcandy makes a better version of sorts called the Homebrew Kit. No heat issue because you can stuff them into your pillowcase, hats, etc. Go to www.skullcandy.com to search for it or check my comment way below where i spoke about it further and provided the direct URL. I could see a smaller version being integrated in the current Luci headband, though I suspect that sound leakage could be an issue for those with sleeping partners. @Daniel. Do you mean the ones at www.sleepphones.com? I've been thinking about buying a pair. :) They do look quite warm, are they? There is a company that makes headphones specifically for sleeping in, they are called sleep phones. I have a pair and enjoy them. They utilize a flat speaker which sits in a pocket on a headband that you wear at night. My suggestion is that to make this device more comfortable to use during sleep, you incorporate these flat speakers into your design. I am a side sleeper ( mostly right side ), and i won't beable to use this if the earbud isnt changed. Earbuds hurt me if i lay my head on them. I want to share an idea I have, about the voice message that LUCI makes during a dream. There is a way to make it more powerful, and this works even if you don't speak English, and even if we can't change the voice message. Make a reality check out of the voice message. During the day, play the voice message and when you hear it; do a reality check, throughly. Ask yourself if you are dreaming, pay close attension to your environment with that question in mind, check your hands and remember how hands should look in waking life. That way, when you hear the same voice message during dreaming, you will trigger your habit of reality checking with a critical mind from the day time. And being critical in a dream, makes you lucid. And this will work even if you don't understand English at all, in the case if we can't change the message. Hi,I think that LUCI is very good. But, since I am Japanese, I may be unable to react to English in a dream. Please make possible to substitute voice. HI. i pledged 150 for the luci and wanted to know if there will be updates after the kickstarter funding time is up so you guys can update us on how the manufacturing is going. Just to keep us all aware of the product's status until February when they will hopefully ship out. And now for some stretch goals ;) O.O Seems you've passed 100k, congrats! :D Hey GXP, I just thought, that it can be a good idea, instead of ear-buds just lengthen the headband in the area of the ears in like a half circle form, so it covers them, and to put some kind of small speakers in it, and also some kind of foam so it will be comfortable. It solves two problems that I can think of, the first is that there is nothing to fall out of the ear, and the second is that there are people that it can be painful or not comfortable for them to sleep with something inside of their ears. (P.S. just curious if you thought about a name - ALDI (Advanced Lucid Dream Inducer) also sounds like a nice name :)) Anyway, this project is so crazy, wish you a lot of good luck ! Hi. I was wondering if this LUCI really works or not? Was there any studies/tests done prior to this campaign? Just pledged $175 for a KS green LUCI, so excited for it to get here in February! Reading through the comments, I really like the idea of a headphone jack and considering 10 days has almost tripled the 40,000$ goal, I think it's financially possible. Also, I think the USB is a fantastic feature idea, that opens up a number of product opportunities that would put y'all way ahead of the game. Cannot wait to receive my limited edition Luci just wondering are you going to add some stretch goals?? I am sure everybody would love to see what other functionality you can add to it like the USB connectivity Are you confident that this method will work for you? Are you satisfied with your success? @svein what if the volume isnt loud enough to wake you, and the frequency of the timer is often enough, maybe every 5 minutes, that there is a good chance youll hear it while dreaming? this is what ive been trying now with an Android app on my phone plugged into a set of speakers tucked behind my pillow GXP, take a look at this product. They have 2 approaches that you could use instead of the earbuds <url>´s with a slight discount ? I am pretty shure that most people would love to share the ecxperience with someone. (Girl / boyfriend, friend, and so on ) And this would also help the sales of the project... Just a thought from me :) When Luci wake us up during a dream, it IS always the best time in the whole sleep cycle for us to wake up because that is when we are the most awake. Then we can look at our clock and see if it is time to start the day. If not, we go back to sleep and LUCI will wake us in about 90 minutes during the next dream. But if it is time to go out of bed, then we just go out of bed. If we tell Luci to wake us only after the 6. dream or something, then we know pretty much when the are going to be awoken. I see the benefit of a smart phone solution, and I still prefer LUCI being a stand alone device that doesn't depend on a smart phone. A custom voice notification "You are dreaming, take control" and a dream alarm that wakes us up 10 min after the voice notification, is all I need from LUCI. A jack plug for custom earplugs/speakers is good also. A LED that lights up when we are dreaming is a nice feature, and a little more important: a dedicated output which goes "HIGH" during a dream, so people can make their own custom things from it. The one that Anthony Branscum suggested. I don't mind the possibility of connecting to a smart phone, but don't want to be dependent on it. I am not going to use it. Svein, I really like the features you talk about. It can be used also as a wake up alarm that will wake us up when the cycle is the best one for the body to wake up (depending on the sleep phase you are, it will be better for you to wake up than to enter into the next one and wake up on that, you will feel a lot worse). This feature along with the ones you propose, IMO, can only be archieved if the device can interact with an Android or IOs device, as I mentioned in previous posts. I just thought of this feature: Luci waking us up with an alarm 5 or 10 min after it has given the you are dreaming notification. This way we will have the biggest chance of remembering the dream or the lucid dream, we can write it down and then continue sleeping. This is also a great way of learning to remember dreams, which is paramount to lucid dreaming. Maybe the alarm can be set to go of just once or twice times in a night, not every time we dream. Maybe we can say it should wake us first on the 4. dream and every one after that. Just an example. Maybe we can configure what the alarm delay is, after the dream notification. 1 min - 15 min or more maybe. But I believe the best delay often can be between 5 or 10 min. I think this feature is a keystone feature, almost as important as the dream notification itself. And it is so great that Luci can wake is up, when it knows we are dreaming. Then we know we will remember the dream, and no wasting with a random or preset alarm. Such a great learning tool and feature! We already exceeded the funding goal by $20,000 I think we need an official update from LUCI team on stretch goals and the final design of the product along with stretch goals. Just backed LUCI ( my first project backed ) and I am thrilled to receive mine when ready ! keep up the good work , hope to see some more test results! The device can have both the USB and the jack since the processing unit is detached. @Jared: I totally agree with you about the earbuds pain, but I dont in the connector that should be added: If a Jack is added: -We will not have a way to get the information out of the device -We will not be able to tell the device how to behave, it will only have one set of defaults. -In that case, perhaphs those defaults adjust to yourself, perhaphs not, then you have a useless device (for you) If a USB is added: On the Software side we have this advantages: -Simple Android or Ios programs (seriously, I program them, it would be simple) would be able to get, store, track, calculate and provide the best solution for you. -Its extremely more simple to make a highly versatile and configurable app that uses the incoming data for Android or IOs than a configurable-programable device from scratch. -Your phone then becomes a (very high potential) BrainWave tracking device, and many apps can be made so it helps you study, or any other uses the users want to do. -This would allow, for instance, for the users to share their expriences and be able to, with a bit of data, pinpoint the Exact moment the sound must be played. -Further study of the data will probably lead to more useful applications of this. On the other sides I can think of: -The device wont need to have any specific programing interface or hardware for storage, for supporting the software, etc, dramatically decreasing the price -Lower price can potentially make this wand the standard for portable BrainWave tracking device,also thanks to its versatility and compatibility with mostly any phone in the market. -And last, but not least,you will also have your jack through the phone!! So for those reasons and as a full backer I would still go for the USB instead of the jack, given that we confirm that it will be cheaper to make a hardwareless-device and plug it into a phone so we spare making a much more limited version of something already exists and most people have. I like the headphone jack idea much better, Id hook up the unit to some pc speakers I keep on my bed that play my current timer-based lucid dream alarm I dont like using earbuds, so a headphone jack would allow people to use speakers if they wanted to I would back if you made this change, but as it stands right now, with ear buds, it isnt a product Im interested in I just wouldnt sleep comfortably with earbuds in my ears. i cant stand them, they hurt my ears Been thinking a bit more, and actually there is an alternative of this device for SmartPhone Users (mostly anybody who is willing to buy something like this). The alternative is to only provide a USB output, and make the wand a plugin for Android and Iphone phones. Then, making an Android app that gets the info, and warns the user. Then the user can decide wether to use jacks, the phone audio, anything. Also this would allow to spare the internal memory, most of the hardware and software, since the "brain" of this would be the phone. It would be cheaper, since most of the hardware and software this needs is already in any smartphone.... And would be extremely and easily configurable, anyone who can make an android app would be able to use the USB input as source of data and interactions, many android apps could come for detecting your brainwaves during study, at night, etc, with the most confortable cheapest brainwaves headband in the market! I LOVE the headphones jack idea. This will give us freedom to choose the most convenient headphones brand/design and it's also more reliable such that if anything goes wrong with it we can just replace it. Hi, just backed up, this is the first project I ever back hehe =) I wanted to agree with some of the suggestions, both no radiations in the head please and usb/jack would be great. The thing is, if the headphones get broken, its far easier to replace just for another pair and jack them in than joining them yourself... The cheapest way I can think of for brainwaves tracking would be to make an instant output into USB so you avoid to have to put memory in. Then someone can plug the device into a computer and recieve the data input. Also, it would be really important for the device to be configurable via USB. Not only the message times and volume, but to some degree, the depth of the brainwaves required for it to appear, or siesta vs long night sleep configuration. This is what already another Lucid Dream Kickstarter project does (the eyes mask). They offer a website with easy config to change time, frecuency and shape of the led lights. But we dont need that, just with the device accepting some python (or any other) coding, that would be more than enough for people to make smarter programs to pinpoint the required phase better, share info, etc. thanks for this project. After receiving some more feature suggestions, I suggest putting up a poll to see what is most wanted by the backers. And please, no bluetooth for me. At least have the possibility to cut all power to the bluetooth, because some people don't care about harmful EMF and would love the accessibility of bluetooth. But I want wired connectivity, no wireless. For comfortable earplugs, one could make custom molded ones: <url>"upgrades" or additions are unlocked. Looking at the pledges, will the $150 pledge for a luci come with an ebook as well? Although luci will basically do it for us, I think the book would be nice too! :) I really like your suggestion Anthony, I would like this too! What about making this device hackable? Specifically, could you add some kind of jack, like an 1/8 inch headphone jack or screw terminals that would provide a signal that goes high to 3 volt or 5 volt whenever REM state is detected? This would open up a world of opportunities for people to interface anything they want to this device without having to open the case on the LUCI. As far as I know no other lucid dreaming device provides this functionality yet. That could be one of your competitive advantages. Other people could then start building and even selling accessories for the LUCI like Bluetooth transmitters that communicate with cell phone apps or computers for media playback or logging, or activators for other hardware like lights, heat pads, fans, or whatever other physical stimuli they might be interest in. Every accessory sold by someone else would mean one more LUCI sold by you guys. Let other people help make your device more popular. I plan on getting a LUCI and breaking it open to interface to it however it would be hard to make and sell accessories and expect end users to open the case on the LUCI and start soldering. I think it would be cool to sync two LUCIs over the internet and then play the exact same audio cues to two (or more) people at the same time whenever they happen to both be in REM state at the same time, then see how similar their dreams are. Give people the opportunity to easily interface to the LUCI and I think you would might be surprised at the ideas people come up with. I'm really looking forward to getting my LUCI and experimenting with it! The hard thing for me is the fancy schmancy detection being worth the price Using a free android app on my phone, that plays a recorded sound of me saying "youre dreaming" after a certain time and just playing it over and over as im sure the luci does, Im not sure if detecting rem sleep instead of just playing the sounds after a timer is worth the extra money Is the volume control on the amp housing? If you guys switched from an earbud to a flat soft speaker like the sleep phone, this would be a product id be interested in Also in the pitch it says the remee or similar masks detect rem movement via your eyes, it's just on a timer Jared, very interesting idea! I've seen those Sleephones. I have several friends who've owned them and complained of basically everything that I wrote in my comment below to Svein -- the fleece material is hot, it got horribly dirty, smelly, and sweaty, and developed snags and holes. Luci can't be washed, and I'd be quite upset if my expensive product's headband developed holes. However, there's one thing that is great about SleepPhones -- the design of flat speakers that don't go inside the ears. My friends have said that the noise leaks out, so it could potentially disturb sleep partners. Skullycandy actually makes a similar idea of a flat speaker that can be shoved into hats, helmets, etc. (<url>"you are dreaming" or "du träumst" (german) and repeat it 3-5 times OR I could build my custom track with a trigger and music afterwards or other voice hints and only repeat it 1-2 times. This results in the LUCI having an removable SD card or a USB connector. Good question, the only thing missing on the page are statistics ! Thanks @Tyler! One question still remains however - how likely is it that I will have a lucid dream while wearing the LUCI? Are there any statistics? I.e. out of 15 people, 10 experienced lucid dreaming, etc. The comments here about intl shipping are going to be important to more people (like me - hi from Australia!); could you post a FAQ entry saying that international postage is included? I browsed up and down looking for it before coming to the comments. @Laura I might be able to answer that. The purpose of the device is to alert you that you are dreaming while in REM which is the lightest stage of sleep and closest thing to being awake. With that being said, it doesn't matter how deep of a sleeper you are, you always will have REM cycles. @GXP I am glad I could contribute. It would probably need a setting to wake you up by a certain time regardless of what sleep stage you are in. Bluetooth connection to a phone app would help tremendously if within reason and could replace needing a USB port. One more thing I am worried about is wear and tear. For a $299 device with wires that can get tangled in sleep it would be awesome to have a modular device capable of replacement parts including the actual headband. Headphones for me never last for long (I fall asleep to audiobooks on a sleep timer). It would be disappointing to have to purchase a new device every time something breaks. Also +1 for comfy earbuds that also stay in all night! I understand everything needs to be within budget, designed, and manufactured. I know a lot of time, money, and effort goes into each new feature. Keep up the good work and stay within reason. Parts can always be upgraded later :-) I recall hearing about Lucid Dreaming a long time ago, and I sort of forgot about it. Seeing Luci on Kickstarter not only has reminded me of my intention to try learning this technique, but it has made me truly excited to do so! It makes me feel like it will be a great tool for a beginner like me to learn to recognize when I am entering a dream state. I can also see the value for experienced users. That said, I have a few questions/suggestions: 1) I agree that the USB drive really needs to be there. If push comes to shove, perhaps you can offer a basic Luci without it and a slightly more expensive model with the USB port. For me, a USB port opens a world of possibilities.Having a lucid dream is the entire point, but being able to transfer the data onto my computer for analyzing would be incredibly useful to me -- and I'd hope that you'd consider creating a computer program and iOS app to do just that. I would love to be able to delve into seeing patterns in my lucid dreams, among other things. (It would be cool if you could video record my lucid dreams to playback, but I don't think that current technology is at that stage yet, lol). Plus, an app/program could be used as a teaching tool to help me improve my techniques based on the data it receives, give me a space to write a journal of my experiences, etc. 2) I hope the headphones are very comfortable and will come with several sized silicone tips. I'm a big audiophile and know what people look for in headphones, so I'm always aware that people have different sized ear canals. Depending on the housing, it's often hard to simply use tips from another pair of headphones. People will appreciate the sizing options and won't get frustrated when the Luci headphones fall out of their ears or won't fit inside at all. Also, it would be awesome if you could offer a premium comfort tip that is designed for long-time wearing since Luci would be used for around 8 hours each time. Some people do not find silicone tips comfortable for more than an hour, causing "ear fatigue" and prefer memory foam ones instead. Monster makes tips from gel and also memory foam -- they are probably marked up 10000000% more than they ought to be, but perhaps you could team up with them or create your own version (whichever is more cost-effective). See their version here: <url>