@Jonah Falcon: We are opening up Paypal funding options soon if you wish to up your pledge. We'll notify everyone the moment it's available. A big THANK YOU to everyone here - there were ups and downs but we finally made it! Party time! @William Hiett: There's still 8 hours to go. We can do it! @Mike Heim: Thank you! @DisorientedEffigy: Thanks! I know it's only been 30 days, but has felt like quite a journey we've been on @Elizabeth Crystal Lloyd: Absolutely. We should be able to grab at least one stretch goal. @uhr: Thank you! More content is definitely at the top of our wishlist too. @Sam Stone: A ghostbusters spoof would be amazing. In answer to your question, Sam, the soundtrack/instruction booklet will be delivered as DLC. @Simon: That looks to be the case, yes. It happens often when nearing the end of KS campaign. Still, we are well on track, so we won't have to delay the celebrations for long! Over 1,000 backers and well past the funding goal with over a day to spare! Thank you so much to all for your support and enthusiasm! There will be a more formal announcement later. In the mean time, everyone give yourself a pat on the back - you've earned it! @Benjamin Sinkula: We can't wait to bring it to you! We're right on the verge of funding! @Joni William Ahonen: Thank you! @DisorientedEffigy: We will definitely explore all avenues to continue working toward those stretch goals. Believe me, we want to make them (particularly the additional platforms) as much as you guys want to see them! @David Long: It is a fantastic track! If you like what you hear, visit Skip Cloud's SoundCloud page and give him some much-deserved appreciation! @Stevey Gonzalez: If the funding goal is met, we will absolutely open Paypal options. We are well aware that Amazon Payments is not every person's primary avenue for payments - we want everyone to get a chance to contribute. @Keri: Thank you very much! We're right on the cusp of funding! @Peter Vanusanik: Thanks, we can't wait to make it! @Guybrush20X6: Correct! That's how our Add-Ons work. @Jana: Thanks, Jana! It definitely helps us out! @DisorientedEffigy: Thank you! We really appreciate it! @Christian: Elizabeth is correct - by adding $10 past your reward tier, you can receive the soundtrack and instruction booklet rewards @Jesper Johansson: Hi, Jesper. We're hoping that one final push can get us past our goal, but we are certainly open to a re-launch if need be. @Andrian von Gegerfelt: Thanks for helping put the word out! @Sam Stone: Hi, Sam. We have (and are still) reaching out through every avenue we can to reach more people! Look forward to hearing more buzz as we approach the final push! @Leonard Knoll: Yes! The Lord/Lady of the Manor tier is once again vacant! A lucky backer could be immortalized forever! @Elizabeth Crystal Lloyd: Figuring out who the culprits are won't be the main challenge - finding enough evidence to confront them will be. Also, some detectives are better at investigation while others perform better in the Hall of Accusation, so there's a few things to consider when assigning roles! @Elizabeth Crystal Lloyd: Also, while we would love to hit the PS Vita stretch goal, there may be porting opportunities further down the line, particular with Sony's support of indies on Vita. So keep a look out for post-funding announcements! @Elizabeth Crystal Lloyd: Hi Elizabeth! Thank you for your support! @Guybrush20X6: Thank you for the support! Do you have a link to your comic for the other backers to check it out? @Rebecca Richards: I know we can do it! @Holisk: Thanks! Clue is one of our favorite films too! But I guess that's easy to tell :D @Jesper Johansson: Hi Jesper, rewards involving in-game characters will work like this: You will receive an email (whichever email address you registered with Kickstarter) which will request information about you including your preferred name, appearance, etc. If we need even more information, we will contact each backer individually. Otherwise, we will create your character and send you a preview for final approval or tweaks! @uhr: Thank you! We're really eager to bring it to you! A huge Thank You to all of our Steam Greenlight voters here! Your voice has been heard! Once funding completes, Mansion Lord will be coming to Steam! @Neil Elcome: Hi Neil! Thanks for your support! Your thoughts are definitely being considered as we move forward with tuning our battle system. I have laid out a few possibilities in the comment below, but please keep the feedback coming! Every different perspective helps us polish the game even further. @Alex Braddy: Thanks, Alex! We can't wait to deliver it to you guys! @Wayne G: Hi! Thanks for your support! We are constantly tuning the look and feel of combat to best suit our theme. For example, we are experimenting with having characters hurl accusations (with elaborate animations) instead of physical attacks, and having Mental Resolve as the primary resource instead of simply using Hit Points. Your idea of having innocents in the Hall of Accusation is an interesting one! We'll keep that in mind as we shape the battle system. We hope everyone had a Happy Thanksgiving! Please stay safe out there on Black Friday - remember, no discounted DVD player is worth a shopping cart to the ribs ;) @Sam Stone: Thanks, Sam. It sounds like we have some things in common! @Jonah Falcon: Thank you! We can't wait either! I feel especially bad for the two people who pledged $2,000. I'm sad at just $50. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. ear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. You and me both, man. it actually looked like an interesting game. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Me too Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I'm still salty this never got made. +1 This user's account has been deleted. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I like it! Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. "Last login Jun 12 2014" They're long gone, friend :( Plan: Start a new, barebones, cheap-ass game infringing on this copyright, and dare the creator to file suit (thereby outing him). Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. This user's account has been deleted. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Last login Jun 12 2014 - They've definitely scammed us. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. The project creator will likely never show their face here again, but I'll post this message too, mostly as a warning to others and as a reminder to ourselves to be a lot more careful with backing campaigns. ***** Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. I wish Kickstarter would stand by their terms, but sadly the guys who made this game are ghosts. There is never going to be a way to track them down unless you can do it yourself. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. @Stone HAHA good luck...the guy cut-and-run years ago... Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. @William Schütze well...the company never existed...no-one connected to it ever gave their real name...everything shown was pre-rendered...and all communication was cut the second it was funded. It was a scam. What actually happened with this project? :( Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. I think everyone is copy-pasting the first one who posted the refund request - but honestly, could anyone blame us? Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. nah...I'm here too...checking on whether or not KS will ever actually do what they said they would do in that Terms&Services agreement about failed/scam projects (... ... ...spoiler: they won't.) guess im the only only one who looks at this now lol :/ I'd like my refund for this. It's been several years. I still keep looking at it... and remembering x.x I'm sad about this. I remember being so worried they wouldn't make it and being passionate about it happening and then this happens... First kickstarter I donated to that was a scam, but I'll definitely be more careful in the future. What a shame. This game is gone people, don't expect any updates. It has been over 2 years now.. We were suckered, plain and simple. This is why I refuse to back anything where we don't know the names of the creators or photos / videos of them talking. There is no real way to track these people down sadly. Any news? Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Is there any update on the status of this game? still waiting on that game. thanks kickstarter... At this point, I guess we can confirm it was a scam? *Put a second X in the scam list, right beside Confederate Express. The sad part is, if you look at Golgom's page and the projects they've backed, they've backed recent projects only a few months ago. Why has Kickstarter not tracked them to lodge some sort of punishment or SHUT DOWN the account? I'd just like to re-voice my opinion that the people involved in this project are TERRIBLE HUMAN BEINGS AND SHOULD BE ASHAMED. They are a disgrace to their parents and their family. It's appalling behaviour and I don't understand how they can be happy with themselves. We made kotaku. :) <url>"build your own mansion" and business development stuff. But I might be able to make it so that the killer is a random person instead of a set script. Any thoughts? Maybe we'll see this get resurrected as a F2P iOS game in a few years... @David Scott...if it is the same guy...the game definitely was a scam then...because that creator claims to be a Canadian living in Greece, while this one said he was from and still lives in Texas. Also he has an active KS right now...<url>"Careful who you back. Not our problem they weren't legit after they passed whatever screening we did" and be done with it. The best we can do is try and track down the creators and have them be held accountable. But barring a class action lawsuit which is very unlikely, not sure a lot can be done there. This has me heartbroken. This was the first thing I ever backed on kickstarter and was so looking forward to its release on steam and now it looks like that wont happen... So does anyone know someone that backed through paypal? that should give us an active account to chase down. The requirements for launching things on Kickstarter are a bit stricter now, including the requirement for verifying an identity I believe, which is displayed. I think those changes came about in response to projects like this where everything goes quiet and the backers are wondering what's happened. Unfortunately, and possibly a red flag ignored by all of us, the above video for Mansion Lord does NOT include an introduction from the dev team, it's just all about the game. All links outside go to things tied to "Golgom Games" which may or may not have ever been a real company (S-corp, LLC, whatever) so the details from whois may be the only info we have to go on, assuming that's whoever was actually behind Golgom. It's very easy to create a website, create a twitter account, facebook page etc without including a lot of real traceable info. Like all of you I was excited by the content offered, and ignored the fact that there really is nothing to show us the people behind the project, or their credentials / ability to produce a game. To SVRs point, yes, Kickstarter should have more info, and Amazon who processed the payment will have even more since the process to be approved for Amazon Payments prior to being able to launch a Kickstarter around the time these guys did was far more stringent (SSN, bank account details etc). But I doubt Kickstarter will give that up except to the appropriate parties if someone decides to pursue legal action... and that's the kicker. Who is going to go to that trouble for their $10, $20 whatever. I think we've been had, and that's that. @Sean Perryman <url>"this is between the creator and the backers" - however not sure how the backers can do anything as they don't have a contact to the creator I've just reported this project to Kickstarter; though I can see a number of you have done this as well and clearly Golgom Games are yet to respond and/or simply do not care. Kickstarter's terms are quite clear, as well as how much of a role they play disputes like this (next to none) so to me the question is "Did Golgom ever intend to create this game?" and right now I don't believe they did. I wish they'd prove me wrong, but the unanswered complaints on here, their steam page, and their facebook page are fairly compelling indications they won't do that. I backed this at the $25 tier - hardly the end of the world for me, and a cost I'd happily eat if they showed accountability, demonstrated what they had done, where things had gone wrong, and broke down where the ~$25,000 they netted after fee's has gone. But they don't seem to want to do that either... Not sure the proper way to go about getting a refund in this case. Golgom has failed to provide absolutely anything but pictures and empty promises. Best thing to do is get the word out I suppose. Unless someone knows the process to getting a refund from someone who has vanished. This is absolute BS. These people are are scum. Way to ruin crowd funding for everyone. If this is dead then I want a full refund. I think it's time, past time, actually, that everyone gives up hope on this. I get the feeling Golgom didn't even actually do the work they said they did. I've reported the project for post-funding issues and while KS may not do anything about it, it's about all I can do as well. Though the number listed as administrative contact for the golgom web site comes up as Grand Prairie, TX now. Someone could always call the land lord and see if he's still there. Rosewood Apartments 555 Rosewood Ave, Camarillo, CA 93010, (805) 484-1415 So... This is pretty much dead in the water, huh? Any1 from Camarillo or somewhere near and could check if the dude still living there? I have extremely mixed feelings about this project. On one hand, who comes back to the project after five months if they actually ran away? On the other hand though, who disappears for five months, already leaving people wary, and then now for essentially another four. Their alpha was supposed to go up in September, and that seems like something they'd put out quickly, if they have it done, which at this point, I doubt. Also, they said they'd be sending out surveys for the created content soon (back in August). I doubt anyone has seen a hint of that survey. I backed at the $50 level because I wanted this to succeed that much. And I backed back when I wasn't as wary of projects as I am now. If nothing else, even if the game does get made, the way this project has been handled has pretty much assured I will avoid anything less than a full on already completed game from Golgom, if that. Once again, Golgom, if you're still there, pop up and make me look like a fool again. It's better than knowing you've run. Oh, and come with a demo at least as the updates and scheduling seems like it's nothing more than theorycrafting at this point. I choose to believe as well since this was the first game i kickstarted >.< I'm willing to give them time; they suck at keeping in touch, but I still want to believe they're working on this (I know, I may be naive, but still it is better for me to believe this than to believe they've ran with the money). Looks like this is the one project I backed that I have to write off. Pity. It looked like an easy enough game that it wouldn't have failed, that appears to have done so. I say that as a non-programmer so take that with a grain of salt. And that's assuming it's not a scam and it's just a case of they overshot their expectations instead of taking the money and running. I'm just glad I'm only out $15. Doesn't mean I'm happy being out that $15, but it isn't like I lost a lot if this project went belly up. So Kickstarter just mailed me that they do nothing, If the creator just vanishes. So say goodbye to your money! I am really surprised at how people are taking this, and in a way, I'm impressed. People are willing to be so patient and really give Golgom every chance they could possibly need to get their stuff together. Even if I have been scammed, my faith in people hasn't been hurt by this - but in saying that, I realise that I didn't have as much on the line as other people. It's the bigger backers that I'm worried about, but maybe there is still hope. Earlier on the guys went a long time without an update (around 5 months, Jan to May) so despite the lack of recent updates and their domain name lapsing I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt until the end of the year before I write this off. With that said, like you guys, I'd really appreciate some update on the current state sooner than later! D: If you backed this project, PLEASE contact kickstarter, I don't care about my 15$ I just don't want those Golgom Games asshole to have 30k for scamming people! Still no news about this? Please i also want this game to become a thing i was soo happy thinking the do date that i was able to play was near >.< to find that it got delayed and now looking like it wont exist at all.... I second what Aleksandar said, what you've showed up until now looks very interesting, so please talk to us. C´mon please Golgom crew, don´t let this turn into a scam; it will damage You far more than those cca 20 USD we would lose... I want to see this game published and I really think (among other here supporters, obviously) You made good game concept and idea here. To that I would add that this title if done right would easily pass Steam Greenlight and with it would add some additional income for You, as well as later sales and or bundle-deals; additional and often good extra income could come from cross platform ports for Android etc... Talk to us, it is not to late. Just did some digging through the historical whois on the domain they had. Not sure if this is helpful or not. <url>’re in the early stages of development. While we encourage creators to communicate regularly through this process, it’s important to remember that each of them will approach this differently. In most cases, this may be the first time that a creator has the responsibility of communicating with a large support community. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. I’m happy to reach out to this creator and offer our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Best, Marissa Reported to kickstarter. I've reported this to kickstarter as a post funding issue. At the very least they should at least tell us if the game could not be done. That I can forgive but taking my money and running is not something I can abide. I wish I could say I still had hope, but the lack of updates in recent weeks doesn't bode well at all. Shame, as I was really looking forward to playing this :( It's a shame they decided to take the money and run. They could have made so much more if they had worked towards a release. @Alexander Hubner Consider yourself lucky... for me, it was 25. So the <url>"requires monthly updates" and that a "late" update is somehow proof that they've been robbed. After nearly four months of silence on ALL fronts. Not here, Steam, Facebook, Twitter, their own web page, nothing. I believe we were all entitled to our assumptions. I expect updates to slow significantly after a project finishes, but a third of a year is a very long time between updates. As Adrian said, a heartbeat once a month that just said 'Hey, we're still alive, sorting out issues, things aren't up with our original plans' etc. Just anything at all and I would have willingly accepted it and moved on. As backers who funded the project, I believe it's only natural to start to think the worst. I'm sorry we can't all be the pinnacle of trust that you are. But I digress. I'm simply content to see an update from them. I still would have accepted one that said 'we're alive' from them. My apologies @Golgom for not having more faith. I look forward to the development of Mansion Lord. At least we all learned something about assumptions, and accusing people of taking their money and running, right? They finally did release an update, and they seem to have a proper plan. I wish they had sent a heartbeat once a month at least. There's always something to say, "we are trying to figure out game-changing design issues", "our programmer has worked on some frameworks", "we are late" etc It's really a shame that they would do this. Really, really sad . . . I'd like to still have hope in them, given the amount of effort they seemed to put into everything, but with the facts as they are, I really can't do anything but assume we've been had. I'm salty about my loss, but I'm more disappointed just that it won't be made. Sympathy goes out to the ones bold enough to back even higher than myself. Yeah, with not a word from them for months I am guessing they just took the cash and ran. it is getting to that points where you start to worry. Even the most basic update just letting know the status of the game would help at this point. Or at least noted that they didn't finish it yet . . . Just something at all, even if it isn't good news. I wouldn't say I'm worried, and while I agree that I'd rather they put their efforts towards the game, when there's three months without a word, well, people start getting antsy. Especially since they said their pre-alpha build would be done by March 7th. You'd think they'd have at least noted that . . . No updates on here or Steam. Not a great way to inspire confidence. I'm not worried. I'd rather they be spending their time working on the game :) I must say that the lag of updates for this game is worrying. Could we at least get a check in about it? Ah, found your update on <url>… Unfortunately, I don't think this was the ideal time to do a Kickstarter, with people having spent most of their cash on Black Friday sales and Christmas shopping, and before people get their Christmas Money gifts… I was super low on cash, else I might have pledged more. In fact, I was avoiding checking Kickstarter as much as possible due to money issues… hence why I only caught it very recently… I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of people were/are in a similar position to that over the X-mas period… We're gonna make it! :-D Only $1000 dollars to go! GOGOGO! I wonder if we can make it to 1,000 backers. The Adventure Lights!!! is the best Soundtrack Music EVER!!!! LOVE IT!!! If the goal is met, are you planning a Paypal option? Two and a half days to go and only two thousand away. The reminders haven't even gone out yet either. We're totally gonna make it! Let's go! @Alexis You're right, probably not going to be any stretch goals accomplished, no, but on the plus side, the actual game will be made and they can always host a seperate kickstarter or sell some 'expansion' like updates. If it makes the game better than what it already looks I wouldn't mind paying out some more. Just up'd my pledge! Really want to see this game funded! :) Getting close... Pretty sure this is getting funded, but it's a pity we likely won't see any stretch goats unless new backers start flooding in. Less than $2,500 to go. Less than $3 per backer could make it handily. It would be crime if this game doesn't get Kickstarted and sadly there will be no Murder Mystery RPG to solve it So here is hoping you break your goal. This game is looking bloody magnificent! Can't wait to play it! Done. Hopefully that'll bring us closer to the goal. So I pledge and then add another $10 on top of that to get the soundtrack and manual? You can the Soundtrack as a addon for 10 USD to every tier. I wanna pledge more but I don't want to loose the soundtrack. @Martin - I believe it's saying that, given the price of the tier, your're getting the extra copy cheaper than an add-on or buying the game post-KS. The wording for Detective Duo is strange. Most of it sounds like a second copy for a friend (or yourself) but then there's the last bjt about 25% off discount for the extra copy. Is that the savings built into the tier or is that the actual benefit of the tier, a discount--not a second copy. Game looks cool and that trailer music was rad :) Okay, still got some time guys. I think we can pull it off. We just need to buffer the number as much as we can before the 48 hours notice goes out so we'll be more likely to hit it after that surge. @Everyone who hasn't pledged. Please support this wonderful idea! Ten dollars for a spiffy new game. That's it. I mean, that's like what, two meals at McD's? We should be more encouraging of unique spins on things, not hesitant, so come on and pledge! If it helps, just think of the over eight hundred people you'd make happy! I posted a thing in the Mighty No. 9 forums. Hopefully this'll be heard over the ****storm going on over there. @DisorientedEffigy I know! but I have not yet picked up the DLC Brave New World for Civ V and many other great games. A pledge of $25 I am doing right now is already pushing my budget but can't say it's not worth it! Raised my pledge from $16 to $50. There we go. Nice to see a decent increase in the funds. Way to go everyone. @Sam I was honestly hoping people's impulses were still going. I mean a unique and intriguing new game for ten dollars. Who can pass that up? Oh, I must have passed that up! My bad. I will be increasing my tier for sure. Thanks. I almost did not back you guys. Honestly I do not think this is a good time for a gaming kickstarter because of the upcoming holiday gaming sale on everywhere (steam, gog, gamersgate) I supposed to preorder TWD season 2 but thankfully my gf bought it to me as a gift for Christmas. Still wish you guys the best! With less than $7k I have no doubt that this will get funded. Raised my pledge from Inspector to Profiler, hope that helps. I really hope this project gets funded! Well, just raised my pledge thirty five dollars. So that's ten for me and get's two people off the hook. Now the other 807 need to raise their pledges by ten . . . @Christian - If you add $10, you get all the extras from the Connoisseur tier, including the soundtrack. I really want the soundtrack, but I want to buy a higher pledge. If you offered means to obtain the soundtrack with some of the other tiers (maybe some sort of "Include such and such money in your pledge for a copy of soundtrack") I would increase my pledge and include the additional money for the soundtrack. Otherwise it looks like I'm stuck with the tier I'm at. Hopes to see this. I hope this kickstarter succeeds! If everyone donated an extra $10 we'd hit the goal in no time so please consider increasing your pledge. Doesn't look like this is gonna succeed, even though it's gonna get close to the goal.. Damn. Are you going for a second run? Gotta know so I can pledge again if you do... I've posted in Reddit, Digg, and Chucklefish forums. Unfortunately, I'm not rolling in green either, or else I'd be doing more than I am. Still will most likely. Try and help with that last push and pray it will be enough. If there's a surge, as there likely will be closer towards the end, that's when I'll push for more. Might inspire some others to pledge/raise as well if they see it going up rapidly. That's what I'm hoping at least. Saddly I don't have 2k to immortalize myself... =( I did share this on FB though, so hopefully someone will see it and be interested. After all, the backers share the responsibility of publicizing projects too. =) I think this kickstarter needs a lot more of publicity. I have encouraged people to vote this on greenlight but I think to persuade people to pledge this, a form of publication is needed. Have you tried to contact any news groups on the internet to advertise Mansion Lord? It would help a lot! No idea why this isn't funded already. I hoped the kairosoft army would come and drop some bucks. 4k tier free now by the way @Golgom Games Sure, here's the link. <url>"Connossieur" backer level! Congratulations on Greenlight success on Steam platform!!! Cannot wait for this gem! I will legitimately cry if this game doesn't get made. This is all I want out of life. Go for it guys, I really hope to see this project to completion! Great ideas and hilarious execution XD A few features I'd really like to see: - a development in the relationship with your maid (like lover or accomplice), because maids are awesome XD - the possibility of hiring a different maid, or more than one. Good luck you're half the way, I would love you recieve enough money for the psvita version, I want to play this game on the go. Make another slot for the $4000 pledge so Jonah Falcon can buy it! I want to make those stretch goals!! (Um, plz... :) Oh my gosh, this looks so awesome. I found out about it from Siliconera.com and I came to insta-back and vote for it on Steam. I sure hope it can make the PS Vita stretch goal. That would be the ultimate platform for it, in my opinion. Excited about this! Here's hoping Mansion Lord will keep me busy for longer than with any Kairosoft game! This is already my favorite game and I haven't played it yet. Seriously. Perfect. Nooooooooooooooo! Someone took my $4000 pledge! (sob) I wanted Lord J. Adam Falcon of Falcon Manor tormenting his unlucky benefactors! (sob) This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Backed. And have to say that I'm the most excited about this about all the things I backed. Which makes me wonder why it's not blowing up... Like Wayne I'm not quite sure of the combat/battle part, however the rest of the concept looks far too good to pass up. The game already has my pledge. Seems like a fun game to me! I like the idea for the most part...the one thing I find off putting is the "battle" personally I think it'd be better with a phoenix wright type of combat.You need to gather "clue" to successfully have the culprit captured and there should be a penalty for any innocent you accuse. A mix of clue, kairosoft-like simulations and JRPG sounds very much like a stroke of genius to me. :D That said, I must say I find the "totally rad trailer music" purely unbearable. I usually like 8-bit style music, but this one... Bleh... First time ever I watch a KS video mute. :( If the in-game music is anywhere close to that, I guess I'll also play the game mute. interesting pixel game! let's see through the updates what interesting gameplay things it has to offer I'm in for the wii U port, but oh my! it is too much far away.. :_( Wish I could afford the $4000 pledge :p I immediately thought Hisui, too. Obviously, The Brainwashing Detective is key to drumming up more "business" by "encouraging" more murders to take place. Also, I had a question about how the game's RPG system works, but can't find any proper forum for this game, so I put it on the Steam forums, but it doesn't seem like anyone noticed it there, either - <url>"Clue". :D I always love to see new, creative games like this one! ^^ So I instantly decided to back you guys! Btw. it might be coincidence, but I love how the maid resembles Hisui from Tsukihime. Will there be several maids to chose from, or is she the only one in the game? Or is she simply one of the detective characters? Oh, just an FYI, posted last night: <url>