Kyle Update: Our awesome QA guy, Richard, found some critical issues with the build before the holiday. Sorry it hasn't gone out yet! They're issues that would have been a MajorDeal(TM) for you guys, but thankfully they don't look like a big deal on my end. I'm back at work tomorrow and should have a build out for everyone shortly after that. Sorry if I'm spamming the comments section here, I just want to keep you all up to date on how things are going. Kyle: Hello again folks! I've run through the latest build myself, but we're going to hold off on uploading it to humble until Josh and one of our other developers can do a run through as well. It should be up this weekend, Monday at the latest I'd imagine. Things looked good with my testing so I don't foresee any big hiccups. I'll keep you posted. Quick update from our programmer, Kyle: Hi guys! Since the project is now largely waiting on me to finish up my work, I figured it was appropriate to give you a direct update on how things are coming. The good news is that the design / content is finally Done(TM), with only a small handful of fixes left for Josh and Carlos on that side of things. My plate has also gotten considerably smaller in the last few months, and I'm pretty excited to share the next build with everyone. Among the myriad of bug fixes and general improvements to the game I've made some big steps on the performance side. This build will have actual quality levels with a much larger impact on performance than the previous options available from the launcher. I'll be sending an internal build around at the end of today for testing within our small group and I hope to make that build available to everyone on Friday through Humble. I'll make sure we post another comment when that happens. I'll try and personally pop into the comments here with more frequent, small updates on how things are progressing. Shinji: we're testing a new release as we speak Hi Baalim, we have an update coming out very soon. It's not that we don't want to keep you in the loop, but every update takes up a lot of time that would otherwise go toward finishing the game. So we've decided it's best to update about once a month. Britta, it's obviously taken us a lot longer than we anticipated, but that's often the case with game development. Of course we want to release it as soon as we can but we want to make sure the game is the best is can be. I'm reluctant to give any dates because we've always been so far off with them, but I will say that we are getting very close! Thank you all for your patience. Baalim, we'll be posting an update very soon about the polishing we've been doing to prep the game for release. @light487: That's exactly our plan! We will release the game to our backers, and incorporate feedback from all of you as we continue to polish and optimize the game before a general release. Adam, take your time. Were really only in a hurry for the physical rewards since we need to manufacture them. Seth: Yes, although before we start selling it on Steam we will send you a DRM-free version through the Humble store. We plan to spend a little time polishing it up and taking in more feedback from our backers between our Kickstarter release and when we make it available to the general public. Light: sure thing, we will do one very soon. We've been waiting until the next Beta build is ready (which it basically is at this point.) Ben, we're going to release one more build to Beta-level backers any day now. Then, the next release will be to all the backers, starting with small set of levels, which will allow us to react quickly to feedback, and then release a few more levels each time. We're just as excited to get a build to you! thecaseace: Beta version 2 is just about ready. We'll be sending it out any time now with a full update as well! We keep getting delayed a little bit longer because there are some specific things we want to test in this build so we're making sure those are ready for prime time. Britta: we don't have an exact release date yet, but the end is finally in sight. It won't be ready before Christmas though, sorry! CurriedCat: I'm working on a new update right now, so keep your eyes open for it. In general, we are tying up loose ends, polishing the game, and working on minor technical issues that weren't enough bang for the buck up until this point. We also just updated to the latest version of Unity and had to resolve some issues with that. Most of this is the unexciting part which is why our updates have been a little slower, but it has to get done. Baalim: we sent an update earlier this month. I know some backers aren't receiving the updates, but you can read them in the updates tab. Starting Monday we are going to slowly start rolling out early builds to our Beta backers, starting with the upper tiers. I don't have a good estimate for final release yet though. Pegasus, we're planning to release this fall to y'all, but will probably continue polishing the game before we start selling it to the public. Thanks to you and everybody for your patience! @TheEvolutionary actually we did post updates in both March and April. Let me know if you can't see them. We're working on another one right now about our procedural terrain generation as well as our general progress. I plan to have it posted next week. D.M. We're using Unity as our engine, which requires Windows XP or Mac OS X 10.5 (or later.) Hi Dean, happy new year! We're working on the next update right now actually. It should be live tomorrow. D.M., we're running a little bit past schedule, but not too bad. Our plan right now is to have Beta in November, and be finished with the game at the very beginning of 2014. We'll continue to keep everyone posted about our estimated release in the updates too. Hi Rees! Yup, Barb and I are at a conference this week (the Lewis and Clark Trail Heritage Foundation) and when we return we will report on the conference as well as our progress on the game. Our plan is to send an update about once a month. Jon, nothing official yet, but there is still a chance! We really want to include the nightmare content too and are looking for alternative ways to fund it without delaying the core game. Also, we will have a new update for y'all any day now, we're just waiting for approval for use of some images. Hey Light, thanks for checking in! We are posting an update next week about our trip to NY historical society, as well as our progress on the game design, art, and music. Our plan is to continue to update about once a month. We don't have a forum now, but would be willing to set one up if there's enough interest. Let me know here, or via a message, if you want one. Thanks for all the great support everyone! We set up a page to allow PayPal donations for anyone that missed the Kickstarter. <url>"Fish Camp" and "Ocian in View" levels (modern day Iowa and Oregon.) The terrain for the travel levels are based off of 4 different sets: Eastern U.S., Great Plains, Rocky Mountains, and Pacific Northwest. Some levels will mix and match those sets and some will emphasize various elements in different ways. Travel levels will include many falls and rapids, and other landmarks like Beacon Rock and Beaverhead Rock. Also one of the Lewis levels will include a set piece based on the Great Falls of the Missouri (check out the update I just sent out for more details.) @John: I would love to do a Burke & Wills module. I'd also love to make a less specific, purely procedural game that is more about the exploration in general, from the Age of Discovery onward. But we'll see where things lead--we still have a lot of work ahead of us on Meriwether. Lewis did take celestial observations, although it was more to record where they traveled, than for navigation. We have plans to include it in the game in a minor way. John & Zak - I just looked up Ray Mears and he seems like a very interesting guy. I will make sure to watch some of his shows soon! The Burke & Wills expedition is one of my favorites. It's filled with a lot of the same wacky stuff that the Lewis and Clark story is filled with--for instance, they brought along 60 gallons of rum because they thought it would prevent their camels from developing scurvy. Also in the same way that Clark and Lewis had such incredible *good* luck, poor Burke and Wills had corresponding terrible luck. Graham and everyone, thanks for all the support so far, and for telling your friends! Thierry, a few other people have asked about a box and we are certainly considering it. We are trying to find an affordable solution and will let you know as soon as we decide. If there are other people interested in a box, please let us know! Light487: There is most definitely 3rd person hunting in the game. We've played the Cabela's games and they are somewhat influential, but we have a different and simpler take on it. Hunting is integrated with the world, so you may encounter animals while en route to do other tasks. In addition to survival, you can hunt non-game animals in order to take detailed scientific observations of them. Dickstarter: What we're trying to do is very difficult, but not impossible. We've spent a very long time prototyping and experimenting to arrive where we are. I am absolutely positive that it is possible and we will pull it off. This may not be a game for everyone, but it will be a treat for someone who is looking for something new, different, and deep. I completely agree that a videogame cannot capture the majesty of the outdoors. But we're not trying to. We are offering players the opportunity to play the role of an incredibly interesting character, experience an amazing story, and experiment with fun game mechanics that reflect the story in a systemic way. Sure, we all know what to expect when it comes to the geography on a large scale. But the exciting exploration in this game is in the details: the buffalo herd over that hilltop, a party of wandering NPCs who need your help, or a rare plant specimen you find on the bank of the Missouri river. There's no goblins or dragons, but there are grizzlies, a beached whale, starvation, dozens of American Indian tribes, each a unique nation unto itself, and "medicine" that make you erupt from both ends. If that's not adventure, I don't know what is. Tom, yes he sure does! You can see a work-in-progress of his 3D model here: <url>"gamey" mechanics in our updates, so stay tuned! Thank you François! It is a really fun story to design around--Lewis, Clark, and several of their men wrote so much more (and so much better) than other explorers of the time, so we have an enormous amount of interesting source material to work with. About the 3D, while on an indie budget, we know we won't be able to hit AAA quality graphics, but what you see in the video is still a work-in-progress and we are continually improving it. Still no key here...but it sounds like the game is dead so...that's that I guess lol Sad this game was abandoned. What was released was fun and had potential. Similarly, I moved to England, sold a house, got a cat, moved to London, changed jobs 3 times, bought another house, and been in and out of 3 different relationships. You probably have another kid by now. WHYYYYY So a year and a quarter with no public updates. No key yet... Haven't seen my key either. Steam key, please.. It isn't on Humble.. So... now that it's out on Steam, could we get our Steam keys for it, I guess? I had the same happen to me as backer Nick Parillo from 6 months ago. Can only assume they put out the RC and felt job was done. After almost 5 years I can imagine they got a bit sick of it. It was a good concept, although very ambitious for such a small team. The part of it I played were ok in a kind of "proof of concept" way - the skills being fun - but the feeling of being in a wilderness wasn't really there at all. Ah well. Lewis? Clark? :-( Bueller? Bueller? Anyone? Anyone? Since I backed this project I have moved three times, purchased two houses, met, dated, and married my wife, had our first child, changed jobs twice. I'm impressed you are still working on it. We were supposedly getting close to release and then we haven't heard anything for a few months. Could we have an update, please? I fear that Lewis and Clark did not survive this adventure. When do you suppose the game will be complete? Hurray \o/ Any updates? Well the testing seems to take quite a while ... no news since ... wow 2 months with no time to write a single line. Agree... Game release is nearly 3 years late !! Seriously, guys... Since supporting this project I have: Met, dated, proposed to, and married my wife. Had a daughter. Moved.Twice. Started two new jobs. Started a company. I don't have time to play it anymore :( Any update? Thank you for that small update ;) I'll be waiting for the big one next month ! Still no news ? I don't really care to wait a little longer but I do think backers should be kept in the loop ;) I wonder if this game is gonna be released one day.. Who cares anymore? No news ? Lewis and Clark spent two years, four months and ten days exploring this country on foot (and canoe). Amazing this campaign has exceeded theirs in time. Three years on...I hope we get to play it this year! Thanks so much for the reply--I do really look forward to seeing the finished product=] So really now... What's the expected release date? I was planning on giving this to my dad years ago at this point... I don't get it Fantastic ! I'll wait for it then. So any news while we're slowly approaching christmas ? Still looking forward to this! :) Hopefully by Christmas we'll have a more general release for the rest of the backers. Hopefully you guys will do a release to backers before sales begin on Steam or other platform.. even if it's only a week or two earlier. Thanks for all your hard work! I had almost forgotten about this game, I really can't wait to give it a go. I've pledged at the scholarship tier, and I have a specific institution in mind, but I need to make sure they are interested in the software (feel it is appropriate for their visitors, etc) before I send it to them. I won't find be able to speak with them until Monday, but I just got an email that said this was my final chance to respond to the survey. How much time do I have left before the survey closes? Will Meriwether be released on Steam and if so will my $19 tier get me a key? Would really like a Backers Update to be sent out with that information on beta and stuff that's happening etc. It's been a few months since a proper update. Thanks. Hey guys, any word on when the beta will be released to all the backers? really looking forward to sinking my teeth into some content! Yeah I'm not rushing. Quality > Speed in almost all cases. Just hadn't seen anything for a while and got curious. Thanks! Hi Sortasoft people. Hope you're well and all that. Update pls? What's going on in the digital frontier of Lewis & Clark? Is there a release date? Cheers dears. Cheers. Good luck with the boring bug squashing! How are things progressing? Looking forward to this. Any new updates on a release date? I think this would be really great to give my dad for Christmas=] Thank you. I did miss the update. ;) It's been a while since the last update. Any new estimation about a release date ? Hi, how about a progress report? thanks! hm, you said the exact same thing one year ago to D.M.."D.M., we're running a little bit past schedule, but not too bad. Our plan right now is to have Beta in November, and be finished with the game at the very beginning of 2014." I wouldn't make any plan or announcement, if i were you. Your estimation seems to be way off :p No problem! Wish you all the best, can't wait! You're lucky you don't have the backers from "War for the Overworld" as they keep complaining about no concrete release date. BTW, what is the rough estimate for Meriwether? 3 months since an update. Where are we? Since we're all Lewis & Clark fans here, I thought this would be a good place to pass on this news link: <url>"chatting" but as there is little structure, things get lost quite quickly.. Is there a Sortasoft forum we can all hang out on? Missed the final countdown, but great to see this got funded and a stretch goal achieved. Best of luck for the remaining development time! I'm looking forward to playing the game whenever it is ready. @S.D Thanks for the up date. YAY!!! Now go make that game! Good for y'all. This really took off in the last few days. Congrats for the funding! @S.D. That was what I was looking for, thanks! Didn't find @joshdebonis since the account isn't linked anywhere. A game-specific account wouldn't hurt, though. Congrats on getting funded! Huh? We get the Arcade Mode anyway? Awesome! <3 Woo! Wow nice result! Well done everyone! Good stuff! Not quite 45k but certainly a good result in any case.. Congrats Joshua! Ya done a good job with this project! Can't wait to see (and play) the final version when it ships! Haha, Good Guy Kyle just committed to the $45K stretch goal on the livestream, since we got so close :-D Wow, look at it go... we might hit $45k! @light487 [Backer of Axis Game Factory]: I stand corrected. With *significantly more* voice work, I mean. From what I understand of "very minimal", we're talking practically nothing at the moment, but I'm willing to be surprised. @muttala If you're left handed.. wouldn't having the IJKL keys (instead of WASD) be a good alternative? I mean.. for a righty.. the left hand is on the keyboard at the left-hand side of the keyboard.. so it would make sense that a lefty would have the right-hand on the keyboard at the right-hand side of the keyboard? Essentially.. the ability to remap all keystrokes in the game shouldn't be too hard to implement? New announcement from the Meriwether team! If you raise your pledge by $50K, we get amazing voice work, AND you get to define & earn the next stretch goal! Amazing!!! (OK... not really) I think there is going to be some voice over, isn't there? Just that the stretch goal was going to basically add a whole lot more voice over..... right? This would be so much better with voice work. Can someone please up their pledge by $25K? There is conversation flowing over on the Google Hangout! If you go the front page, you can see the link to the live stream! Benjamin, perhaps they're watching the guys & Jeff McCord (from Fargoal) chatting on the Merithon on Youtube? Also... very inspiring! :-) Jörn Huxhorn: So far, I only see <url>"#Meriwether" to promote it), but I agree that the game or studio may benefit from a dedicated account. I suppose that is not the sort of thing you spend the time to set up if your not 100% positive that your project is going to be funded, but in this case, Sortasoft is 120% certain! ;-) Isn't anyone going to say anything in these final minutes? Here is something to keep everyone inspired... <url>— Jeff McCord 2.8K to go! I sent out some emails to 500+ hopefully you can get over-the-top. Best of luck! Sorry to be late to the party. Less than 5K to go! Greetings from Finland! I discovered this promising project by sheer luck and quickly decided to support it. As much as I like all the fantasy / science fiction CRPGs, it's a shame that our real world history is so underrepresented in that genre. Best of luck! Your game looks great! Glad we could support a fellow Kickstarter group! I still want the dream/nightmare level, but I'll settle for funded it it's this close. Glad to see the project taking off more. How much do I have to up my pledge to get a dev frog? Congrats on the front page this is looking a lot more likely with 4 days left. HOLY CRAP I JUST FOUND THIS NOW FROM JOE. -Alan I echo Roxane's sentiments. Congrats upon being today's project of the day. @Josh: yep - grandiose plans for the future still require the initial product to get out the door :-) I'm very impressed with the aims of this; it's hard to get people to judge history by the standards of its time rather than the modern age, and this has a real prospect of doing so by giving us an 'in their shoes' feel of their day-to-day issues in context. Just got the last of the quickshots. Hope this project makes it, it looks fantastic. Sadly, rent has just come and it turns out I'm almost short this month, so I'm going to have to withdraw my pledge, despite actually wanting to double it at least :( I love the idea of the game, but if I don't manage my budget I might get evicted. I'll try and grab more backers for you from forums and the like anyhow! @Josh & Zak - yep, B&W had worse luck, but I still reckon they were their own worst enemies, e.g. at Cooper Creek driving off the aborigines who could have helped them survive. Jefferson chose his personnel wisely, while the B&W team was the choice of the sort of committee that designs a horse and gets a camel. Arguably better candidates were ignored and factionalism was involved. Which means if that could be modelled, it might make a fascinating sequel! Mears' Australian series is "Goes Walkabout" where he even meets up with Les Hiddens, doubtless swapping recipes for witchetty grub fricassees. Also worth a read is Laurens van der Post's "First Catch Your Eland" about his culinary travels in Africa. And in recent times isn't there something about grylled bear? ;-) Relating to Meriwether, probably the most relevant series by Mears is "Northern Wilderness"; it includes an account of David Thomson ("The Stargazer") who covered some of the same ground as Lewis & Clark. It also brings up the idea of navigation by the stars as a possible feature. Get it wrong and you get lost! Or at least your survey data is less valuable. However I've no idea if L&C used any stellar navigation instruments. Ok, I just upped my pledge--the more I think about it, the more I want to see this game, so there you go. A couple questions. How much attention are you paying to depicting the changing landscapes, in particular along the route from the western foothills of the Rockies out to the Pacific? I did a brief Lewis & Clark road trip from Lewiston to Clatsop a few years ago, and that's something that has stuck with me. Also, will the travel levels include some of the unique landforms they came across? Hat Rock and Beacon Rock come immediately to mind. Celilo Falls, as well, though I would assume that will play a pretty significant part in a "Lewis" level. Speaking of the falls, the opportunity to model a real natural environment that no longer exists strikes me as pretty cool. And check out Les Hiddins also (the Bushtucker man), a real Australian hero and in the same kind of mold as Ray Mears, just more Australian. These kind of guys keep the real traditions of those early explorers alive and well, and both their tv programs are some of the best around on the subject, from the bushcraft to the history to the obvious respect they have for the world around them, both are awesome blokes. Do you have any similar guys from the usa maybe? Someone to contact or with a following of people that might be interested in your game? It may be an idea if not already done to aim for forums and places were Americans go to chat about wilderness and survival history? Get some more eye balls on the project for these last 6 days? I also think this project is fascinating, even for those of us outside the USA. Our current knowledge of the world only came about because of such valuable explorations. I'd also suggest looking up Ray Mears who seems to be a mine of historical outdoorsmanship knowledge. Plus, you might get a few ideas about future DLC/sequels, e.g. Simon Fraser, Burke & Wills, David Livingstone, etc. The concept sounds really interesting, and i think anyone with an interest in american history or exploration history will be very interested in the project. Do any of the devs know about a british guy called Ray Mears? He is one of the few modern european wilderness experts that spends a lot of time with various native peoples around the world, learning from them and teaching them various things about bush craft and survival. I'm not sure if he did a tv series that covered Meriwether's exploits but he has done a few on various historic expeditions. You could send him an email about this game project? Anyway good luck and i hope you hit your target, this is a difficult time of year to get money out of people! Spreading the word! Though it's a shame that I can't use this to help educate my 8 year-old daughter. I heard it's aiming for a "T" rating ESRB equivalent. Also came over and pledged after a message from 1775. As a history graduate from many years ago love the concept! Just got a message from 1775 pushing yall! Hopefully it will give the project a little bump we are so close to having enough. Backing for great games on Linux, and for a love of history. Good luck, Team Meriwether! As someone enormously fascinated by Meriwether Lewis, I can't NOT back a concept like this! :) So glad I scrolled through the updates backlog to find the mention of a box. Backed!! I know you will succeed. Beautiful art, a great concept and solid looking gameplay. I can't wait to play this. Game looks quite interesting. Dont see too many historical RPG's like this, backed! I spammed the Godus forum tonight since it closed. Other people were plugging other projects too. I wanted to plug this one. :-) As awesome as this game is going to be, I am surprised there is not more activity on this community. I keep spreading the word about it in my social circles. This game should already be funded! 50% achieved! Glad I found my way here from the Shadowgate campaign. This may be a niche market game, but it is well-thought out and I think the game play will be great. I would encourage you to list at least the first couple stretch goals soon. I'm a frequent KS pledger, and I have noticed that the most successful campaigns list stretch goals early. KS and the impossibility to Edit *enraged fist* On board! Impressive game. I discover it long ago but didn't pledge because of one picture xD. On the KS page the picture showing the box and full of color recipient (red, blue, yellow). Made me think it was a painting game..>_<. Where you have to ùmix color and everything..i had toread the thing over..carefully to not be mislead again.. The picture with b Upvoted on GOG & Steam. Now lets see this thing take off. @Sortasoft - Depending on the cost, I'll consider a box edition too. OK, thanks for your answer ! I've just discovered your great project, and it looks amazing !! Just one question : will you consider adding some new tiers with boxed version of the game ? That would be really great :-) I meant to say it's NOT like those Cabelas games.. :) Great to see things are moving along nicely with the funding and the updates are still frequent. I'm sure we will meet the goal. And yup.. this is not Skyrim set in American history.. this is a game that harkens back to the games I used to play as a kid growing up. While it's not purely an edutainment game.. it does seem to be leaning more towards that style of game than an exploration game that includes elements of camping. It's like those Cabela's games where they centre on those specific tasks of fishing, hunting deer, hunting wildlife and general camping/survival. Meriwether is more about the journey across America.. so a much grander scale but at the same time not necessarily bogged down in the minute details that games like the Cabela series tries to capture. I really do hope there is first (or 3rd) person fishing and hunting though.. but I acknowledge that it won't, nor does it need to, have the same level of detail as a Cabela game would... because that's not what the gaem is about.. it's about the journey.. the story.. and the life of an interest man and his companions. Sounds like @Dickstarter is living up to his name. You and your team seem really dedicated, and you seem to know what you're doing. I hate to be the one to say it, but I think you're trying to do the impossible. I think you're trying to capture your camping trip in a videogame, but some things just don't translate. No videogame experience could capture the exhilaration of actually being outdoors, and taking in the majesty that nature has to offer. What's left is an exploration game, where all of the territory is already very very well explored. See the problem? Part of the joy of a game like Skyrim or Terraria is that almost anything could be around the next corner. Meanwhile, you're not going to discover a goblin cave, a talking dragon, or anything else you haven't seen before, if this is supposed to be a historically accurate trek across the US. You obviously have talent and drive and could potentially make a really great videogame. Good luck on all your endeavors. Awesome project. I was not that much into history as a child, but this may make me more interested. It would be awesome if all history could be taught in simulations. Spread the word, let's fund this thing! <url>"game" that allows me to enjoy it as much as the people playing for purely educational purposes.. :) This game, to me, looks like it has the potential to captivate children (and adults) to the same level that Oregon Trail did for me and countless kids my age! It has the perfect blend of Entertainment and Education. I really want to see this project through! Damn, that was meant to be an exclamation point… Looks exciting! Anxiously looking forward to playing this? Looks sweet, borderlands mixed with actual history. With 35k being the goal, that will easily be reached. Bring on the stretch goals! great video, Josh, very much looking forward to the game! Backed. Look interesting and historic CRPGs are very rare Pledged 14$. The 3D might look cheap, but the theme and universe awesome!