Here is Joni Mitchell. A penny-yellow blonde with a vanilla voice. Influenced, or appearing to be influenced, by Judy Collins, gingham, leather, lace, Producer David Crosby (the ex-Byrd), Robert Herrick, North Battleford (Saskatchewan), New York (New York), Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, Chuck, seagulls, dolphins, taxicabs, Dairy Queen floats, someone named Mr. Kratzman "who taught me to love words," the Lovin' Spoonful, rain, sunlight, garbage, metermaids, and herself... ...Occasionally her lyrics seem to lose relevance and become frosting without any cake, but then then (sic), she's like a sand dune: you like the idea of her The record as a whole is another matter - I don't think I could ever tolerate all of it. There are three brilliant songs, one good one, three qualified bummers, and three are the flaming shits. Forever Changes features fairly tight, well-arranged tracks. Its weakest point is in the material. Some of the songs meander and lack real melodic substance. Leader Arthur Lee composed 9 of the 11 cuts. In his quest for originality, Lee sometimes had trouble giving the songs continuity. "The Red Telephone" is an example of this. It contains both excellent and mediocre portions. Jimi Hendrix sounds like a junk heap...his songs too often are basically a bore, and the Experience also shares with Cream the problem of vocal ability. Well, it's a real disappointment. After all the hoopla of signing with Columbia, using one of the best producers in the business and the well-spread reviews of dozens of limp-limbed and sweaty-brow reviewers who have seen Big Brother and Holding Company in performance, one would expect slightly more than what we have gotten...What this record is not is 1) a well-produced, good rock and roll recording; 2) Janis Joplin at her highest and most intense moments; 3) better than the Mainstream record issued last year. The record is a good representation of Big Brother and the Holding Company, as good as one as could have been expected and as good a one as there ever will be n the liner notes to their album, Ralph Gleason states: "Creedence Clearwater Revival is an excellent example of the Third Generation of San Francisco bands." Really more like Third Level - behind the Airplane, Dead, Quicksilver, Grape and all the others. The only bright spot in the group is John Fogerty, who plays lead guitar and does the vocals. He's a better-than-average singer (really believable in Wilson Pickett's "Ninety-Nine and a Half"), and an interesting guitarist. But there's nothing else here. Jefferson Airplane could be the best rock and roll band in America today. The criteria, to list a few, are that a group be able to provide from within itself enough good original material to sustain a prolonged effort both in performances and on recordings; that a group prove its ability as a professional and capable unit in live performance (not necessarily be able to reproduce a recorded work, but to bring off to general satisfaction a live performance if the group is involved in live performance;) and that a group contain members who are able to sing and play like professional musicians. You have Grace Slick, surely one of the two or three best non-operatic female voices in the world; Jack Cassady, perhaps the strongest bassist around outside of a blues band; Marty Balin and Paul Kantner whose words and melodies are among the best currently available, outside of the obvious exceptions; and Jorma Kaukonen and Spencer Dryden who, while not outstanding instrumental virtuousos (sic), are certainly original and inventive within the context of rock and roll, a wide context indeed. Got it? It isn't very surprising that the Airplane is so good and that they have come up with probably the best, considering all the criteria and the exceptions, rock and roll album so far produced by an American group. Hey all you out there with personal favorites which blow your heads off, listen very closely. Marty and Grace may not make love on stage, either with each other or their respective microphone stands, but "Ballad of You & Me & Pooneil" happens to be a fine song. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. afraid to pick up the phone highlord Zach: (Lars here) I have no interest in having a thick skin , at this point. And, to be very clear: no one is an investor. What you call investors are actually a lot of people getting minis for less than the cost to produce. I am very clear about internet bullies. Not one of the negative poster-Pledgers can pick up the phone. We have the exact same problem of anon people acting out because they purchased $100 of minis for $20 and they want a platform to yell because they have no voice in their real life. This needs to be called for what it is. This forum is not a forum for adults. Kickstarter is flawed. Alexis de Tocqueville said it: moboracy is not democracy. And, the few that wish to spit hate do not reflect the common people that simply wish to have minis that no other company produces. If you are looking for Michelangelo pieces at Thomas Kinkade prices you are a fool. We provide serviceable, hand-sculpted miniatures at stupidly low prices. Minis that, btw, no one in the industry has the intelligence to produce. If you really want a war talk to Reaper. They are behind schedule: where did that $2Million go, btw, and ask them why they have not chosen the same subject matter we have- answer: they are stupid greedy people. You know what is disheartening: base comments from a very few people that are getting something for nothing and who hide behind fake names that, as the encyclopedia supernatural (greenwood press) calls people that read sword and sorcery books, are pretenders to a real and deeper, courageous life. Again: the standard is : <url>"at least I know who that guy is" . No one knows who you are. Hide and spit. that does not make you a strong man, or a valid critic. Hey Sushi! Wow. $15 all in, eh? Pull the one armed bandit. Seems like screaming at the bus stop is the same as being Robert Hughes, or is that an elitist comment? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. DWM $20 and a mouth. wow. must be the best money you ever spent. <url>’re to help fill the void created by the demise of Cream, they will have to find a producer (and editor) and some material worthy of their collective attention. The whole album is a shuck — despite the murky songtitles and some inane lyrics that sound like Vanilla Fudge paying doggerel tribute to Aleister Crowley, the album has nothing to do with spiritualism, the occult, or anything much except stiff recitations of Cream clichés that sound like the musicians learned them out of a book, grinding on and on with dogged persistence These guys are so French I want to force-feed them and cut out their livers. Young moderns who’ve made the Detroit-Berlin adjustment may find their squelchy synth sounds humanistic; young moderns whose asses sport parallel ports may dance till they crash. But Yank fun is much less spirituel [sic], so that God bless America, ‘One More Time’ is merely an annoying novelty stateside. The way our butts plug in, there are better beats on the damn Jadakiss CD. Radiohead wouldn’t know a tragic hero if they were cramming for their A levels, and their idea of soul is Bono, who they imitate further at the risk of looking even more ridiculous than they already do For those not completely sold on its folk charm, Aeroplane is thin-blooded, woolgathering stuff A throwaway line about how — and we’re paraphrasing here — “focusing on drone and repetition makes the album sound, well, droney and repetitive. ” Well, duh Even if Seventh Tree is sonic dishwater, I’ll give Goldfrapp enough credit to assume that this isn’t change for its own sake, that the motivation for this album’s tone wasn’t simply a fatigued boredom with their old sound. It’s just too bad most listeners won’t be able to say the same about their own reactions to this new one. Lacking any mentionable instrumental proficiency, [Eno] claims he ‘treats’ other musicians’ instruments — though the end product of his efforts would have to be classed as indiscernible… His record is annoying because it doesn’t do anything There are certain records that are so patently offensive that one wishes to take some kind of physical vengeance on the artists that perpetrate them. About Exile on Main Street: Exile On Main Street spends its four sides shading the same song in as many variations as there are Rolling Stone readymades to fill them, and if on the one hand they prove the group’s eternal constancy and appeal, it’s on the other that you can leave the album and still feel vaguely unsatisfied, not quite brought to the peaks that this band of bands has always held out as a special prize in the past… I still think that the great Stones album of their mature period is yet to come. Hopefully, Exile On Main Street will give them the solid footing they need to open up, and with a little horizon-expanding (perhaps honed by two months on the road), they might even deliver it to us the next time around. Not everyone is on comments everyday We have over 90 emails saying they want less Updates, as they clog their inbox. Under this new policy, anyone can go to the adwgames.com site and see updates, and not have to sort through 2,00 comments to see if their questions have been answered. Some sculpt examples, Jen, are on Sea Monsters. And, there is a spreadsheet that has links to 50% of IAM mammal sculpts, so again, we are wasting time with questions that have been answered. And, no the questions are not uncomfortable. I have answered them again and again. Colin: we have had dozens of Pledgers email directly and say the comment board has devolved the communication situation- there is a silent majourity that believes this format is issuing a lot more heat than light. The overwhelming mahourity of the communications we get are from Pledgers who have asked for the adwgames.com update page. We are a democratic Campaign, and we have chosen to listen to that majourity moving forward. As stated 20x or more: everyone has my email. <email> I will answer any question during business hours. Moving forward, no one from ADW will be answering this comment board. Updates will point to the adwgames.com site it is the same net result, just more efficient Some of you have asked for more updates. More of you have asked only for weekly updates. This is the middle path to more updates without people saying "too many updates". We will post a weekly summary on the updates page which refers to the adwgames.com update page. We will not be monitoring the comments page moving forward. Please Note: All progress will be now be posted on <url>"broke" the mold on the broken furniture. To wit: I own every Proxxon tool ever made and planned on building the furniture in hard wax the exact same way I would build miniature wooden furniture. I spoke with a Casteline pro yesterday, and it seems like my plans are right on the money. The process: I will take the hard wax, create boards, in, yes, a pasta roller. Cut said planks on the Proxxon table saw. I would then detail it with a hot wax needle over patterned areas I have stencilled. Some of those pieces I will assemble and some of the those pieces I will "break" and add wood grain and splinters to said breaks. I will heat up the surface of each piece and press a texture mold made from white sculpey, which has been made by pressing the sculpey against a variety of actual weathered wood samples and baking it. I know it sounds simple. It is! But, with this process and that tool set, I can create world-class dungeon furniture, which is really impossible with another medium, other than wax, as far as I can tell. So: happy morning on this side. I did order wax from a new source, as the NYC source has not returned phone calls and has not traced my order. I expect that to be here by Tuesday/Wednesday, after which I will work 6-7 days straight to finish the furniture, the mushrooms and (with help) the majority of the outstanding IAM minis. I know this may sound trivial, but I was worried about the broken furniture. What a load off. Upshot:? We will have world-class furniture and world-class broken furniture in short order, for those of you here that ordered same from Sea Monsters. For those of you with IAM, we have a 10 day schedule to replace the minis handed in that were not up to snuff. As we are a new company, the work will have to speak for itself. We have had a serious event occur that demands that we keep our plans or our talent names as corporate IP: An early "hire" not only stole materials from us, but contacted every one of our professional contacts and employees in an effort to start her own competing business. We will not the same mistake twice. Guido: I think you may have overlooked some of the massive posts on this comment page. We have three part time sculptors. I am one of them. I also am overseeing the project at the moment. My best guess is 1.5 weeks after tools and wax arrive before the rest of the sculpts are done. Our casting pro is also PT/Contractual, he will tell give us a time line once we hand him the sculpts. Had the wax arrived last week, we would have been 80% finished. The final sculpts that were not shown, which were handed in two weeks ago. I am thinking a having the sloth redone, as well. It is a cute animal, but maybe that pose/face was too cute? Zach We could offer exact IRL scale and Adventure scale for the terror birds. I just received a lot of emails re: real-life scale being essential. It does not matter for our museum clients, as there customers are not looking for an exact scale, just something to remind them of the wonder that was mega-fauna Tyler Right now, we are waiting for three sets of tools and we are golen on both KS waiting on two new tools and we are golden for both KS <url>"fixing" sculpts with Casteline. The Casteline has not arrived in the studio. Once it does, we are maybe 40-60 hours away from completion of the sculpts. This has been explained several times. There is only one source for the wax. So, we wait until it arrives and set to work. If you would like to see the 30+ sculpy armatures that are waiting, I can do that. However, everytime I do show a piece that is not finished there is an uproar. And, I would prefer not to show the pieces I rejected from freelancers, because there will be uproar. I called about the wax yesterday and could only leave a message. So the reiterate: 40-60 hours after the wax has been delivered for sculpting fixes. Not a single thing has changed re: to that. If you are looking for sculpy armatures and ugly pieces that require fixing, please get a consensus from the 239 Pledgers that that is what you need to feel comfortable, because I have 30-40 emails saying "don't show works in progress!!!!!" And, they are all very adamant in their statements re: same. Finally, try to email me directly or call me if you are feeling panic, or want to compare my efforts or story to some person unknown to me. I am a responsible professional adult and am happy to communicate in direct, responsible and mature business email or phone call at any regular business hour. Hi Tyler I 100% agree. the freelancers we hired, who handed in wrong scale minis, or failed to hand in minis at all, did defraud us. We are still moving forward with new investment and new talent. Have to be careful out there. 28mm scale (Lars, again) I am only waiting for wax. I will call today to see what the hold-up is. (There is only one source.) Once the wax gets here, the team can "fix" about two a day. (We are all part-time now) So, that really puts us at 10 work days, max? Really? (Lars here) I was told by several people not to post anything other than finished pieces. And, I mean, hysterical emails, that were very earnest in telling me not to post a thing until it was finished. Ten emails like that and I listened. _Lars_ Hey AR Addressed this on the other board. Waiting on wax. After that arrives it is fixing hair, heads, fangs, and feet on most everything. Plus, getting rid of pits and cracks. Only 3-4 need to be rebuilt from ground up. _Lars_ I am also around all day today to answer questions. _Lars_ I am around all day to answer questions, and take suggestions for new freebies on Sea Monster (if we reach the goal- about $500 away). Just comment on either KS and I will be around. what is Hangout? _Lars_ Aard! I will post the "before" photos once I fix the sculpts I should start a blog, or write a book about, how a simple KS goes wrong if you hire the wrong people to help out. I consult with engineering firm as the "day" job and we have all sorts of HR in place. This was a weird experiment. Let my team fix up the awful awful awful Sculpy stuff that was handed in and we can all have a good laugh. I am seriously thinking of having an IAM drinkfest/conference/thinkfest next year as a pressure relief. _Lars_ Oddly Aphex Twin (Richard James) is looking like me recently. I might need a break around Thanksgiving: <url>"fix this" when the initial team turned out to be not great. So, I am here. Oddly, Dina remains super committed to the Doggerland story and characters. I am happy to assist and make it happen. As mentioned, I have a weird commitment to sculpting Dark Sun beings. I just need Hasbro to sign off so I can show them without a law suit. LOL! (Lars) you can not believe how bad they are. Once we start fixing them, I will post "before/after". I am afraid if I just post " before", it would start a riot. It almost did when Dina realised that one of her team had paid these "artists" upfront (before the end of this KS. Just crazy stuff. No worries. My team will fix it and move forward. _Lars_ Mini-update. The basic scale of the minis handed in a few days back were correct. The details and finishing was awful. So: we save time. I will be Dremeling down the base sculpts and using the Sculpy figures as armature for the Castilene detail level. This is what we initially thought we would have to do, once I came on board to salvage the project from the perils previously detailed. The level of detail required is a bit more than expected, but we are not in need of starting from zero. I will also be overseeing the freebies being gifted at the Sea Monster KS. And, then, with a little luck and a lot of hard work, we will be going full steam around the Holidays with the various mythological creatures, which will be a mix of CAD and hand sculpted. Since I will have the 3D printer at the office in a few weeks, and time in November, I am going to look at CADing the 15mm Doggerland pieces and looking into a 28mm version of the Fortress of Apples that was abandoned by the sculptor who signed on board never handed anything in. _Lars_ While we wait for our Castilene to arrive, here is, thankfully, a creature we did not promise to cast: <url>"played" by a few "artists". We regrouped, re-sourced, hired anew and will deliver in spite of the poor hiring/contract choices. We are not all psychics. We provided a vision and contracts for payment and several "artists" did not provide what they were contracted to provide. So, we moved forward, We got new investment and we will deliver. Once the materials are in the office, I will have a solid handle on delivery dates, but I expect to be on schedule for September. 3. The cost produce has jumped to double the KS Campaign rise because of the factors discussed above. As such, everyone working on this project are also working other jobs. This is an ugly reality. A few fake "artists" can take a company down, even if you have casting equipment. Luckily, and with immense effort, we have raised the monies that were lost to those "(con)artists" and will move forward. Not crying in our milk. We got had and we chose to move forward anyway, because it is the moral thing to do, and we like our pipeline of minis. 4. I appreciate your POV on this one. I think we are completely open to discussing what happened and what we did to avoid disaster- if for no other reason than to provide insight into future KS efforts- but I fear this is not the proper forum for that discussion. That being said: I am giving away minis on Sea Monster. We have the funding. We have the equipment. We have a new production pipeline. My job is to oversee design/production/delivery and see that we have goodwill. Quick survey: with our casting pro on-hand now, we have been asked the question: why not tin alloy for the basic eight + the birds? Thoughts? _Lars_ I can try to stop by every day, if you like. The Sea Monster KS did not do well. Agreed. I had been promised sculpts to support that one, but, as mentioned, there were issues in our trusting/naive HR approach, and I believe we have sorted out those matters now. _Lars_ I think you misread me, Stuart I am not upset in the least. We stumbled with some early hires that did not work out. We solved the problem with a new approach and new hires. We are waiting for supplies to arrive and people to get into place. _Lars_ we have hired freelancers to pick up the slack from previous sub-standard freelance deliveries. Thus the 40-60 hour number. That is not the estimate for a single sculptor. Lars- While there have been personnel changes for ADW, the Art Direction for the company remains the same, So, again, no need to panic on that front. We are committed to the production of a quality product. Hello All Lars here. While we will not be posting daily updates, this is in no way an indication that we are not working towards the completion of the project as previously outlined. As we remain within the estimated delivery timeframe, and have overcome some staffing issues with equanimity, there is no need for internet panic to set in. I would expect this type of chatter if it was mid-October, and there was no word from our side, but this is the beginning of the month for planned delivery. Rest assured, we will be delivering. Thank you. _Lars_ all of the sea monsters will be above water, and the large beasts will include a giant sea iguana. we can look at that in a few weeks. Monday we sand and finish the models in NYC and submit the new KS _Lars_ forgot to preface that with _Lars_ Hey AR At the moment I am strugling with sync flash on my Canon. Going to retire until the morning and drive back to photograph these minis with a constant (continuous?) light box. Hate when the pros are on vaca.... I will send you a list of everything being offered in the new KS by Sunday. -Lars Good morning everyone. I am going into the Office late this afternoon and I will learning to set up a new Arri light kit. Assuming I figure everything out, I may get some decent professional photos up this evening. That being said, I am not a studio photographer, so I would safely say that you can expect your photos of the next 7-8 sculpts tomorrow morning. With the remaining sculpts by the end of next week. On other news: our casting professional starts on the 7th of September. He has 20 years experience and is working with us on a part-time bassi. The estimate for completing your orders/rewards is about 40-60 hours. Mainly due to the few big pieces that will not be cast in the centrifugal caster. So: we still employ two other sculptors other than myself, and we need to provide work to our new casting pro, so this leads us to another KS to get us through to 2015 without any downtime. That KS will be up next week and it is called "Sea Monsters, Terrain and BIg Beasts". A lot of ala carte selections and huge discounts. For those of you who want more Ice Age Mammals, but did not Pledge enough, we will offer Ice Age Mammals at the same price as the Mammals here, as add-ons. This is a huge saving, actually, as some of the minis will be $40-50 retail, rather than the expected $15-20. AR_ since we have so many categories and items for the new KS, we may ask for help on the Pledge Chart. We can arrange a work-for-minis program for you, if you like. Thanks Abba. Much appreciated. We are shooting for Friday afternoon for a a huge # of master models and the following Friday for the rest. - From Lars Hi AR We are breaking up the final photos. One this week and one next week. We currently have sculptors in Austin, San Diego and NYC. One is on vacation. We are looking to have are completed models FedEx'd to the main office by the end of next week. We will photograph what is here in the meantime. done. from now on: -Lars Not many of outside of Dina are social media-friendly. Luddite/Artists for the most part. @Lars ( is this the correct sign-in? Twitter-esque?) I will look into this. Seems like a solid idea. As mentioned, Dina runs her own business and is going to launch an industrial design KS in the Fall. I am working on wierd Dark Sun fine art sculpts and trying to manage the sculptors on this project (when they are not on summer vacation). I am able to throw together 3-5 sculpts a week for this KS, plus I am doing speed sculpts for sea monster and misc. dungeon items. A lot of tests for the next KS, really. End of summer potboiler to make up for the poor Band of Gnomes showing- which in all honesty was a mixture of 1) bad idea on new rules. It should have been all Pathfinder. No one wants new rules. and 2) gnomes need to be designed in Blender and printed on 3D wax printers. Hand-crafting Gnomes is madness. Hi Tyler The Survey is it. If we had over 1,000 Pledgers, we might need a Pledge Management system. With 239, not so much. Plus, I (Lars) and running fulfillment, so you can always email me at <email> I (mostly) answer within 24 hours. The Sea Bishop (1532) mini will be ready tomorrow. 20' tall. Good creepy thing for pirate adventures. We believe that he spits blood, water and acid. And can capsize small boats. But, those are our rules/backstory. Good One William! I can not say that anyone on the team researched the nesting habits of these birds. Of interest: we will be posting a LOT of updates over the next 5-7 days. Consolidated. Mainly big posts and not a lot of little ones. As we start to wrap up the sculpts for this KS, we are looking at feedback from the community on what they want to see next. And, overwhlemingly, the answer has been dungeon and cavern accessories- temples, body parts, spell walls, odd mini tornadoes and water spouts, fungus/mushrooms, bones. If anyone has any input on this, let me know. We would like to keep our sculptors employed and we want them to sculpt things that people want. (Though to be fair, Lars is cranking a massive Dark Sun sculpt series that is looking amazing, and Eric is doing a crazy history of artillery in wax. Prob. never sell, but solid efforts.) We are wrapping up 80% of the sculpts this week, DWM, which puts us about three weeks ahead of schedle. (this is Lars) we are revamping the site next week to include some e-commerce. the minis will also be broken down into "Hand-sculpted" and "3D-Sculpted". (Our Gnomes will be 3D sculpted and 3D wax printed, then cast in tin alloy.) We are also starting wax sculpting and wax printing over the next few weeks, and Dina is looking to do a KS Campaign that is in her design wheelhouse, and not just acting as team leader for a group of crazy artists and writers. Hi William I will ask the creative team to start posting images on ADWGAMES.com. They have been so busy that it must have fallen by the wayside. A comment UPDATE: 7 sculpts are in line for final detailing at the moment. I expect 5-7 to be out and photographed, with rulers, by Sunday/Monday. Since we are ahead of schedule, we will be starting the Black Dog Collection on Monday afternoon. Evergreen financed this KS and is the parent company of ADWGames. Hi Scott It looks like we will be moving forward with Castiline moving forward. There is no issue with it being too delicate. And, our sculptors have been experiencing some adverse health issues due to the polymer route. <url>| I will try to crack the whip and see what happens... <url>"as well" :0 Hi Guys/Gals Photos are coming in a few hours. The studies went through a few iterations, but we have the dynamic poses we were looking for with two new sculptors. 80% will be completed by next week. And, we will have a preview of Sea Monsters available, next week, ass well. Of particular interest, we discovered a handful of phantom cat legends in the U.K. and thought "why not?". We will offer a phantom cat set, with history, next week, as well. More sculptors on the team mean more minis, all around. :) Hi! Lars will be answering your questions shortly. The email address to send us the info is <email> Yes, 125.00 set "all" would work. Yes do supply your T-shirt size. Also please provide a good email address which we would need for shipping/tracking info. <url>". Best not to fret too much. These guys should work fine with you current set-up The add-ons available at adwgames.com will be up and running this weekend. Along with a comprehensive list of new animal minis and box one of mythical creatures. We hired a new sculptor for Gnomes, so we can stay ahead of schedule. Will do on the start time thanks Jackalope? I think you can find one at Stuckeys or Flying J, next to the Talking Fish Thank you everyone for making this a successful campaign! Please send emails to <email> in which you will be included in news and updates. thanks you everyone! we have a lot more to create together! do not forget to vist adwgames.com and send an email for your 2014 discounts! ack! countdown! RMK I think sending them out as the are produced makes the most sense. That way we start fulfilling a little over a month ahead of schedule. And, good word of mouth makes the company rock! So: Mammoth. We did not reach that goal. Well...I will have one made and offered later in July to this KS team at cost. you may be surprised. our lead writer could very well pick up and throw a few of our artists. there are so few people on this KS, we can personalise your bases. attached or non-attached, round or square, we will make it work for you our crew has been to game and comic conventions we will offer tshirts from petite male to QuadXL 80-90% stand without a base. again, I think the correct way forward is different poses. 1 with a dynamic pose that requires a base and 1 that does not I think the cave bear and the short faced bear are different sculpts. you will be able to choose. the plan the is to have a few poses for each mini that is best for the company in the long run, and good for our 236 pledgers. if there are multiple poses, we will ask each and every one of you which you prefer before we ship Well, the goal moving forward is to get the basic 8 out asap and then the rest out hot on heels. We are waiting for an electrical permit, but nothing stops the sculpts. And, we want everyone to promote adwgames.com when they are happy. And, it is my life mission to make certain our friends from this KS are happy with what they get. Good Morning Everyone. I see Lars offered some more things? Can you send me a chart A-R? I need to put both sculptors on this immediately. No weekends for the next 4 weeks. :) I am (OK, Lars, her) going to sleep 135am but LL, we have crazy terrain built for Band of Gnomes. You ahve no idea. Everything is new. A lot of thought and imagination. sign up for the newsletter at adw or the discount and I will sen you photos as we go along. almost at the biggset mammal! so close a whole new world from Lars: sorry was supposed to say "from Lars" after each post we will update weekly on sculpts WIP/Greens that is only fair, right? Lars: yeah, and I have longish lond hair (bit brown eyes) I listen to Opeth if it makes a difference ( but I a lot of late 60 stuff more. different topic.must be gettting sleepy.) anon? lol! my name is Lars and my last name is one of the doggerland family names. I am the Scandinavian that elected to stay up until dawn (sans dance music or extra party favours). I just like to sculpt historic minis. No one else is doing that. And, the world folklore catalog is huge. We have about 2500 pages of concept art in the office from our carzy team. I am not sure how much I can reveal...Big catalog of stuff and a lot of "offical" realationships...I am personally interested in trying the casting equipment. I really want to cast a Draugen. Colin God. Crypto, eh? been a while since that maudlin xfiles. I think we can do better than that. ForteanTimes for a start. Crypto box 1 &2 have 10 minis each. available July 17. (We need to finish our responsibiliies here don't we?) LOL! Our writer posted a video. ****. I had no idea! Thank A-R. when I wake up in the afternoon I will have a nice thing to say to him. Good guy. stupid voice. no where near 22 but you WILL get mastodon at 22, yes because i have scuplted about 7 poses and I love all Elephant-type beings Mastodon? It is sculpted already. We ran him through the test resin spin cast. First time had some bubbles but we fixed that, well because we love to fix problems. (some of us are programmers, some of us are sculptors) Can I add the mastodon? command decision.. sure! 22K$ i will sculpt it and pay for it. info or <email> gets you 20% discount throughout 2014 on every mini except Band of Gnomes 22K stretch goal we all go to Montreal for thier Comic Con where our 2D artists will be. And we talk about what we want to cast next. and you can see the facility. we do not pay for lodging, flight or entertainment Mokele-mbembe is a Sea Monster Hold your breath look... we do animlas cryptozoology will be here in July?august because we have 3 guys ( and a lady) that love that sort of thing Dinosaurs? at this point, I think we are required, aren't we? <url>"seem" free but we have a lot of product coming out this summer. We are just trying to get the word out and get you hooked! From the Artists: Right On! Lost Worlds! Realm MK we are about (no promises, jsut a reoprt from the field) a month ahead of schedule for production. We have a new location which requires some new ventilation and electrical, but we are solid on this one. Right in the sweet spot for production levels. Really not a lot for our team to accomplish. We only ask for good effort on our part to be returned with good word of mouth. Our customers are fiends and we aim to entertain. there have been a lot of charts made by Pledgers. best to check on what has been done by looking through the comments. Our east coast team has been gone for an hour, now. Gigantopithecus must be just under 60mm. Please do not run a King Kong or Mighty Joe Young Campaign. Ack! Honestly: Irish Elk and Gigantopithecus should be dream goals, because they are amazing creatures. Just incredible. I will leave it at that, but this crew can probably sense how strong and deep these creatures must have been. Symbols of honour. Of kingdoms. Of loyalty. Of hope. And, yes, we will have the White Stag and the Spirit Bear available next month. That's just how we roll. (Roll, in this instance, being a reference to gaming...) yes yes... we were trying to save some ice age mammals for retail boxes. we have lots more. this has been an odd 40+ year project for one of our designers. And, our brilliant illustrator has gone overboard obessive with his gifts of reimagining them all. so: there are a few more to unlock. and we have so much more coming up in July. Extinct animals. Sea monsters. Mythological creatures. And, of course, Band of Gnomes and their insane terrain. Just do not forget to sign up for our forum when it is up and running. There is a lot more for the RATPACK coming up! Hi Amanda That is one of the 80+ creatures in the multi-box collection! Good Mind's Eye/Research! Next KS is already outlined, based on our learning from this one. And, we have a person devoted to charts, one devoted to game questions, and lots more videos. Done, Elye. On it, Elye! sys damin...I am sure he reads that "sys the man", rather than "sys damn".... obivously, we spilt the difference. We meant Sys Admin. Coder in the Cage. Looking after your cookies and server side variables. At any rate: there will be a system in place for Ice Age Pledgers and discounts... We are talking to the sys damin now about the coupon system for KS Pledgers on this Campaign. Early ICE AGERS will not be paying retail for additional ICE AGE minis. RATPACK!!! Gigantopithecus. Yup. Cool. With some Naga from the Mythological Collection coming in late July. Or a Condor that carries messages to his Yeti brother? I do not mean to stir the pot (well, yes, I do mean to stir the pot), but if Elk is unlocked, we are moving straight to Gigantopithecus. Which will be a $15 add-on at our site post-KS. Artists are sketching dynamic rat poses, and a second sloth pose. We will give you choices on poses, as we will be selling multiple poses of each as we move forward post-KS. yes. it actually includes 4 of each of the epic. So, there will be a need for an extra storage box. I wish we were selling paint..... From the Artists: We are thinking of Krampus Dwarf with a sliegh drawn by seven giant rats as a seasonal gift for our KS backers. given the schedule: think Halloween? Thoughts? OK John is getting two rats. That just made the team LAUGH! Make it a meme on the Onion of Buzzfeed and everyone gets two rats. LOL! Ice Age Ks'rs = the Rat Pack (thanks to OO) But! When everyone gets start getting minis, we would like good reviews. Are we "giving things away"? No we are earning an audience. Thanks, again!! That means everyone gets a rat (period). No tricks or traps. The Giant Bison is the symbol of one of the Greenstone Families in the "serious" Doggerland story, so we will most certainly be offering a three pak of G.Bison in the near future, all in dynamic poses. @Jan-Philipp please read the new update.. Oldest One has Ratted everyone out. We hit $15K and every gets that rat. I think we should brand him with a "DoubleO" on the hind quarters. yeah Irish Elk is the Big Boy citing WIki: The Irish Elk stood about 2.1 metres (6.9 ft) tall at the shoulders carrying the largest antlers of any known cervid (a maximum of 3.65 m (12.0 ft) from tip to tip and weighing up to 40 kg (88 lb)). Add-on 6 of those to a tabletop game, throw in a few magician/beserkers, two sabertooths and handful of rowdy dwarves and that is a party. Bring on the Tiamat now! <url>"everybody gets" minis 2. a sloth 3. the terror birds (obviously) and one mini of the basic set that is your choice. So: amazing deal. Tell 500 friends! Thanks Zach the actual money goes to the artists and the casting the company is paying for offices, shipping, next minis, et.al. but, you can REALLY help by telling the world that you like the minis once you get them that is the best way to make it happen in the long term John: bear and hyena, yes. "unlocked" means a mini can be purchased as an add-on "everyone gets" means it is a freebie for everyone once the mini has been unlocked there was a "too good to be true" D is losing $ post.. 1. we are casting ourselves 2. the company is a funded company without KS 3. we are ahead of schedule on delivery 4. we did plan for this to be a loss-leader to drum up awareness for our Doggerland skirmish game relaunch, which is now the Band of Gnomes skirmish game. (set in our version of the Doggerland world) 5. as 2), above, is in place, 4) moves forward without effecting our ability to deliver, as per 1) bear and hyena are add-ons Hi A_R No art updates are scheduled at the moment, since we are running spin cast tests over the course of the week. Re: Add-ons We never established a minimum Pledge for someone to be able to add-on additional unlocked mini(s). So, the base minimum Pledger can add-on minis as they unlock. To clarify once more: 1. when a stretch goal says "everyone gets", then everyone gets that mini, without additional $ 2. all of the unlocked terror birds are free to everyone 3. $125 Pledge get two, each, of the epic unlocks 4. the add-on list has been updated Amazing Amanda. :0 Can not wait to see the play list for Sea Monsters and/or Band of Gnomes. who sculpts your giants? That is of interest….(thinking) the other two stretch goals were not listed yet, as we are no where near the $15K plus to unlock We will be providing a list of of available Ice Age Mammals being sculpted and cast in July by ADWGmes on June 25, 2014. These will be avilable ala carte and in boxed sets. Individual pieces will range from 10-25$. In all events, the prices on this KS will be less than the future retail, but the selection will be provide about 10-15 more animals. A list of mythologival creatures and sea monsters will be avilable the second week of July 2014. As well as a list of gnomes and gnomish terrain that will be included in the July KS for Band of Gnomes. Epic goals unless it says "everyone" sorry.... we will reach $15,500? Then you will be lucky! To apply, though, they need to be unlocked yes. that is now on the front page, Al Hey John H.. all minis below the sloth are Epic stretch Goals add-on chart updated! $10 for Cave Lion $8 away from the hyena Darksteed they will be both. Thanks Al Done. Best Dina Getting close. The Epic Level refers to Stretch Goals, which are marked "Epic" on the main KS page. It is not the name of a Pledge Level. So, the $125 Pledge allows for the Epic Stretch Goals, which are unlocked, to be free to $125 Pledge Level people. And, as mentioned, that $125 Level allows, now, for double free Epic Unlocked minis. Hope that helps! 125$ gets the Epic Stretch goals that start with the Sloth. And, we announced late last week, that if you get Epic goals with your Pledge level, NOW you will get two of each. Our Epic goal is to make everyone super happy and go on every miniature board on the web expressing that happiness. How? Early fulfillment. Super in-house quality control. Amazing KS value for Pledgers. We have to keep the engine running and everyone very pleased for our next go-round! This is definately shaping up to be the Summer of Doggerland. goals..lol.. I type too fast and there is no way to edit. :) The Bear, Hyeana, sloth and simurgh add-ons updated and the top two stretch golas have been lowered. Sea Monsters will be coming out all next month on the adwgames.com site ala carte, and two boxed sets looks like our next KS is Band of Gnomes, for which our Rabbit Gnome was a preview. rules by Andrea Sfiliigoi. A non-lethal skirmish game full of tricks, traps, speedy decisions and illusion, with a LOT of odd terrain, freaky 3D spell markers and rules to us your Ice Age Mammals. Gnomes are part of the Greenstone armies, for certain, but they also have a completely different life in the deep forests and mountain cities. This will be a game unlike any other. Still in the Doggerland world, though. Just occupying a niche that no one else has explored. Getting close the Sloth. You know Sloth wants to be born when the sculptors are sending me emails at all hours asking if he is ready yet. 4 days to Sloth. And, money aside, I wanted the Simurgh. An amazing mythical animal that gets no press, at all. Hey Peter Sure does. Tell 400 friends! Hi Grant Correct. Epic unlocked, not standard unlocked. HT: moving forward we will take photos with rulers Right now we are focused on cranking ot the last few minis, so think Monday... we appreciate everyone. and we know the economics of spin casting we will make everyone very happy because that is the right thing to do, we do not gamble and we have no excuses, this is super simple. and we love big extinct animals. the Simorḡ is a compassionate version of who we all hope we can be, and who can protect us, all of us. The bird that can relive our pain and tell us that we are stronger than we thought. She is "hope". <url>ḡ is frequently mentioned, particularly as a metaphor for God in Sufi mysticism. We have spent time with birds that have been injured, because we have professional careers that allow us that luxury, and I will tell you right now: birds are amazing. If God/Goddess is a bird, we can expect a decent life and hereafter. the Simurgh, Goddes Bless Her is the benevolent, mythical flying creature. We are going to break open a whole other level of respect and creativity with this one. our team is excited to break that one open. the last weekend! <url>"business sabotage" tactics affect... H** Yes, that Bear belongs to everyone. wow! good job! we will supply! public apologies to everyone who has not sent very bad emails to us. We are clear on a try simple goal: lots of extinct animal minis for fun. we honestly thought the flame emails were something from the 90s. Had no idea that people still wanted to push hate as a business model. We are here to entertain. We have the team. We have the equipment. Tell us to provide , and we we will. Allan Love you, Bro This whole thing is about a few simple exticnt minis. Then a big guy starts hate anti-lady talk. Is the entire mini world about I-Hate-Girls-Who-Have-Imagination? We are her to entertian. We are her to make ceratin your figures are not lead. bte. we answer our phone. Creaper does not.... Thank you Erika We are serious about a very simple thing And, we are welcome to speak to everyone that wants to be on a srious podcast. no need to hide in the basement in this day and age.... no confusion we are available via phone to talk any time the cheaper mini team has been sending emails unsafe for 13+ to us for a while. if you would lice a phone call, and I know you are in the mini biz, send a MSG and we will set up a call tomorrow yups, " make" in hapen, not "male" it ahppen..... We have had few anti-woman and a few doubting-you-can't-spincast posts and emails. In response: anyone who wants to talk, we we will talk to, and post the conversation. A little less hate talk and a little more real talk. We are available. Send an email, a # an avilable time and we will male happen. No excuses. We will do everyone 2 better If you are eligable for EPIC stretch unlocks, we we give you double your normal unlocks just because your are not a Creaper. Thanks for all that hate talk big guys. Makes us try so much harder; <url>"concerns" on Saturday. We are pretty certain a troll is a troll, and will not respond. This is a 90s tactic that is beneath everyone, isn't it? Companies who can not deliver Love to undermine companies who can... The below was a response from the entire Doggerland team. Thanks for the support and thanks for those who are not troll flamers. This is a very simple KS. So sorry we frightened some of the big guys with big mailing lists and poor lead minis. So sorry they need Sable as thier beard. We are here to clean up the trash talk and poor product and stop the continued 1/2 violent talk/lies and bring exceptional, high-quality product to the market. everyone gets a lion Hi Sable Fox You are totally and complety wrong I know you are a from the CReaper Mini Forum. The same forum that posted from both Owner/brothers Misogynist posts because they are worried about their late delivery on the millions they raised and the fact they sell lead figures, neither of which is ethical or worthy of a KS Campaign. So: you have trouble with the most simple of stretch goals now? Nothing was ever "converted" Every goal is as it always has been. Did they teach you to lie about their delays? (Please read our FAQs) Please withdrawl your pledge if your purpose is to confound and confuse. We are a serious company with the ability to achieve what your other forum memberrs can not. You must not be able to read the simple rules: everyone (because everyone who loves extinct mammals and birds) is a pledger gets the free stretch goals + the the terror birds. I think you should disclose idf you are being paid to be stupid by the Creaper Mini people? We have already had the anti-woman posts submitted to the AG. Are you here to kick women for Bones? This is getting stupid at this point..We get it: Bones don't want womenfolk in the miniworld. Nice. This is a very simple KS. We are sculpting 8 minis. We are giving away Terror Birds, as we go along. No one else is doing this because everyone else is very , very cheap, and has no fulltime sculptors, AND your friends are using lead/ poison for thier minis. And, no other mini K, with an excuse, has the spin casting team to pull it off. Do the math. This KS makes no money. We provide something decent to a very small community. then we move on to bigger projects. Flames, in the name of the Creaper, are in no way going to stop us from providing very simple goals: high quality minis of extinct animals. Why are you so afraid? did the Pukes get to you with their hate posts? We have 40 years more exprience then they do. Hang out wiht somone how wants to cast another skull necklace. Your post has actually gotten to the point wher you are a troll. As said in Idny 3: choose wisely. well..the sloth is Epic , as well. that is correct everything after the sloth is EPIC! Lions are unlocked. <url>"clap for tinkerbell!") and we have a new community of super kind and super bright people that are a little tired of the same old tropes. Your support means everything to us and we appreciate the kind words. Makes us work harder every day. "Don't fear the Reaper!" Thanks OO almost two weeks to go and the stretch goals will be kicking in shortly 5,500 and everyone gets two free Terror Bird minis. Which places our offer at $15 for three very unqiue sculpts. I think it will happen. Hi Marina! Assuming this KS goes well, Sea Monster!! will be out as a KS next month. It is a Doggerland game. Set it the Doggerland world. There will be an art book, the board game and a set of miniatures. Again, 90% historical and 10% fantasy. Thank you for your support!! Keep spreading the word!! Thanks Grant the big issue is getting the Dinohyus to be realistic and worthy of the name Terrible Pig getting that right will go a long way. people seem to want a big terrible pig beast in their fantasy worlds. so, we will give them what they have requested. Thanks Alexander $1000 away from Free Terror Bird #2!! We are sculpting the Dinohyus now, but Terror Bird 2 will be next if that goal is hit. We are planning for a new add-on next week, to makr the halfway point. The Irish Elk. Kind of a "wow" piece. when a figure is unlocked, we will make it an add-on Thanks Sable + LJ we just submitted as an advertiser at TMP and we read the posts at TMP re: this project and we are learning the Dinohyus, which is being sculpted now, is an angry, realistic terrible pig with a very dynamic pose stay tuned we will contact them next week about advertising! no, never hard plastic this is resin and this is 28mm, as per the desciption in the KS text the cave lion is already next to a ruler, and the image of the Bull Terror Bird is next to a 28mm figure + there is a size chart on the KS, as well we can add the sloth. Sea monsters wait until next month. Hi Sable The Simurgh is part of the Terror Bird Offering we relased after reaching our 50% mark. But, of course, the Simurgh is benevolent. If we hit $11.5K every one who has pledged gets one. Thanks OO Trying to streamline. And, of interest, we are starting the Deo sculpt this afternoon. Then the Dinohyus on Friday, just in time for the weekend. Hi Marina They are all up, along with new photos of the amazing Bullockornis sculpt. Tell your friends. This little teror is free to all Pledgers, no matter what level. :) the "Unknown Mini" now we are really dated...and, I guess, new again we are cleaning up the KS site tomorrow, to make everything more clear. Might have time for a new vid. Boxesa re important to us. We grew up in the 70s, before Star Wars figures were supposed to be kept pristine, but we apprecaite it when boxes are kept in very good condition. Our artists do work hard on making an emotional, intellectual and design connection to our content and brand, so we will not be shipping in brown papper boxes. We are looking at budget now. We will have designed boxes for the Ice Age and the Terror Bird collection. That will come after we hit our goal, but we are using the same designer as our cards, which can be seen on the "Products" page of the adwgames.com site. We can do this without losing money. That is the key issue. Profit can wait until next time. After you are in love with the quality. 28mm in a 15mm Doggerland game would certainly be Mega-Mega fauna.. something to think about We are ahead of schedule on sculpting, which means we are about 6 weeks ahead of our original schedule for production and delivery. No promises, but that is where we are at the moment. Shipping is usually covered. WIth the additional figures going out, the only concern is the printing of new boxes. If we unlock all of the terror birds, we will essentially be producing a completely new set of minis- 4 historic Terror Birds and one mythical bird. That is a nice set, in and of itself. I think are clear goal here is to exceed expectations on this first KS. We have a lot of very cool ideas for the 2nd round, and once everyone loves our product, it will all equal out for the ADW crew. And, do not forget, we have a graphic novel and two skirmish games coming out this Fall. So- the "win" here is to make everyone happy and provide crazy interesting stuff that fits into the Doggerland world and is not avilable elsewhere. Thank you for your feedback, HRH Mo. We do appreciate it. We are learning from all of the generous and patient feedback :) We have made an Update regarding more Terror Birds and one mythical bird. None of which I believe are in production anywhere else at the moment... plus, these will be free as we go along. I am putting an Add-on for the Duck now :) That is kind SableFox! The dynamically posed Terror Bird is being posted this afternoon. It is the same one that is free to every pledger. Thanks HRH Mo! If we hit $4,500 this week, we are planning onunlocking minis for Add-ons, and adding to the Base set that everyone gets. Everything helps at this point and we want to share the love. Add ons coming either tonight or tomorrow morning. We are trying to determine what the production scedule is for the 25+ Ice Age Minis that are extras. Plus: someone mentioned wanting dinos? Hello All: Please read the most recent update. In appreciation for reaching the 50% funding mark, we are giving away Bullockornis models to everyone (assuming we are successful). Thanks to everyone. Best Dina I think the Dinohyus is a good one, since it is large enough to be altered for a WH game or used as a transport for goblins, if it is a majour adversary. After that, we will need to fix the initial impression of that 3D-rendered sabertooth, and replace it with something very natural and dynamic. Then the hand-sculpted Deo. Hi Guys Thank you for the support. We will be uploading a sculpt of the Demon Duck Stretch Goal tomorrow or tiesday, then going to the Dinohyus, from the basic set. from this moment forward we are only creating hand-sculpted miniatures. no 3D modeling. Old school. If you like the miniatures, please share them with everyone you know, so the KS is successful! We have the Sea Monster!! game starting up next month and the comics start shipping in September. We certainly have a lot to share with you over the next few years. And, as always, thanks for the kind words, Marina. We aim to inspire, please and entertain. I think the hand-sculpts are the way we are going. The 3D sculpts were for initial references, and, I completely agree, they are not natural or dynamic enough as they are. Our hand-sculptor has an MFA and has made a very rapid, and amazing, transition from fine art to applied miniature wargaming sculpture. The pre-Milliput Cave Lion is a fine piece of work. If we continue to hear that the hand-sculpt is preferred, we will deliver hand-sculpts for every miniature on the basic list and for every stretch goal. Thank you for your support, Jonas! Of interest: previews from our interviews with different game designers are available here: <url>"build your own boxed set" It is $10 more to cover printing a different box, ordering different qualities, and sorting once they arrive from the casting company, et.al. But, if we hit the stretch goals, you are well below $10 a mini, and these are BIG minis (as the size chart can attest). Thanks for the suggestion. Some pledge levels allow for multiples. They can all be the same mini. For instance, at $60, you can choose 4 Mini-Mammoths and a Smilodon, if that suits your needs. Would you like a pledge level that allows for, say an assortment of 8 + the stretch goals? I can do that, if you like. LOL! We have dinos coming up after a fair amount of mammals and reptiles. Let's see what happens if we get to 500% of our goal. I am fairly certain a new mini shelf will be in order. :) LOL! Dynohus. That is the work of Noumier Tawilah, our genius graphic novelist/comic illustrator, and all-around-great-guy. All of these characters appear in the Doggerland comic book this Fall, btw. And, believe me, there are a lot more animals waiting for the post-$35K stretch. There was no lack of diversity in the pre-historic age. Thanks for starting the potboiler, Alexander! We met with the new (award-winning) rules designer yesterday, and looks like we will have over 100 new - and very unique- miniatures finished by the Fall, both in 28mm and 15mm. I think we are splitting the difference, so everyone can either play our game, or use our minis. The first Podcast with our game designer is up tomorrow. And, we will continue to update this site with mini progress and new art, as the KS Campaign rolls along. Spread the news! :) I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Hey, guys, long time no see. Any news on these crooks? Looks like another scam project has started on KS: Overturn: Rising Sands The creator took the money and ran. So where can I buy these? I hope the creator still reads these so I can order a couple of them. Go to hell thieves. My kids were playing with our Reaper minis and one commented "I really wish those ice age mammals weren't a scam" :( Yup, Acheson is good, and I've backed one of their dungeon terrain KS projects before — great stuff! So. Hey. I have lots of Acheson Creations products and I really like them. Hey guys, saw this on my FB feed: <url>"What's Dina doing right now?" Boooooooo! @Wayne This project, and all others by the same people (ADW Games) were scams from the word "GO" perpetrated by serial scammers. There never was ANY intention of doing any thing but taking the money and running. so....this project is dead? I wonder if their sculpting skills have improved? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Time for my yearly check-in. Good to see everything is right on schedule :P ADW's "phone number" was just a call center that had never heard of them anyway. This website has the same phone number as the scam group. <url>"mini" as the featured mini. <url>"businesses." Good job Jarrod for keeping the torch burning. <url>— let's chip in and get her some more Pla Doh so she can finish this project up =^,^= I wonder how much Kickstarter has made from fraudulent campaigns? Is it worth the ill-will generated? A cynic might wonder if Discover Card was disallowed because those charge backs were costing Kickstarter money. I'm glad I was able to get a full refund through my credit card company. Too bad Kickstarter no longer accepts Discover Card payments as I found Discover was willing to do charge backs many months after the charge when fraud was involved, but most credit cards only give you 30, 60 or 90 days depending on your credit card agreement, and that is usually not enough time to confirm a Kickstarter is a fraud. Hey, guys! Still no minis. Glad my credit-card company had my back. @James, I filed a dispute with my credit card company and got a full refund. However, it's most likely way past the time when you CC company would allow that. Is there any way to get our money back ? "They" have made their monthly check in though. Well, they've vanished. I guess. I suspect the 'Terror Birds' are really misunderstood, with their profiles written after their demise by vicious weasles and stoats and thieving humans. They were probably generally nice people who allied with Gnomes to protect their children and homeland. I would really like to see later generation 'Terror Birds" with twin Vickers machine guns hung to either side of their necks and the mounted Gnomes with punkle haubes and goggles... Well, okay. that's a little cross culture... Probably after they have recovered from the bathtub slippage and blood spill.................... Boy, I wonder when my miniatures will arrive........................ I know, but the occasional post, venting of the spleen and fuming in anger seems to be all that I can do... You have to find them first. <url>"No Island Media LLC". The username Hawkmoon70 popped up on my radar. Links to the connection: <url>"Report" button to report a project to Kickstarter. I can't seem to find it anymore. Am I just failing to see it or was it removed? Maybe they realized it was cruel to put a button on there that made us think there was any point in reporting a project? Thanks to those of you who have submitted complaints about Evergreen Entertainment Group LLC. While we have not yet gotten much from the Better Business Bureau efforts ( <url>"Eva Walker" <url>"people you may know".. <url>̞́ͅa͖͞ŕ̜r̲͟ơ̘̟̞d̪̝̺ ̢̘̪̯͇̗̺̗O͉͖̖̟̰̭̮, you are very dedicated for just $15. The more complaints lobbied at this company, the worse rating they will have. If nothing else, they will have to make a new LLC to work under which will cost them money and time. I also filed with the California BBB. EE has not responded to the complaint. You can see the language I used with each of my complaints in the picture. <url>"Lars", all for a moth ridden $15 hole in my wallet. My $15 is worth the effort. I particularly enjoyed the bot filled comment section. How'd you guys track this one down? I wonder if any of their podcast guests are getting paid for their work. I think we all know the answer to that one. I assume then that Olen = Lars. Sad. Not really "new" alias, but rather "another" that she has used. new alias: Miranda Greene Talent Relations and Booking <email> <url>"next Thursday" I wonder when their website will update...................... Boy, I wonder when my miniatures will arrive........................ Conan just posted some WIP photos. Their WIP is just a tad better than Lars. The funny part to me is that I think "Lars" actually believed he was doing decent sculpts. They were trying to draw out this scam, but his 2nd grader sculpting skills gave it away. Well when you are on as many wanted lists as these guys deserve to be getting a passport is problematic at best. We are in Chinese New Year now so work has stopped until Susan travels to China and gives them their New Year pep talk. She still needs to apply for her passport though. And in order to apply, she needs to provide a picture of herself. Seeing how guarded the entire ADW team is against providing themselves in a photo, it might contribute to another delay. I wondered if they were afraid that the camera would steal their souls, but then I remembered they HAVE NO SOULS. They were last seen trapped in the polar vortex. Boy, I wonder when my miniatures will arrive........................ weren't they suppossed to have their new site up by Feb. 10 at ADW games? Nothing new. no updates We can only hope Dina and Lars are good enough to hold their breath until the minis arrive to all of us. Boy, I wonder when my miniatures will arrive........................ Definately. What does everyone think, is this the artist who did the "t-shirt" concept sketches? <url>"born" 8/9/2014. Dina has logged back in and it seems like there is a new Facebook account. The link still doesn't work for me, but I noticed it now says she has 25 friends. I searched on FB and found "Dina Andrews Walker II" which is set to private. @David Like that - 31st of February - gotta use that someday!!!! That mushroom men KS looks good though it is not actually by Andrea. Well, that is just as likely as any other date. I live here in Asia and I have seen nothing of their sculpts being made. I heard a rumor that the sculpts will start shipping on the 31st of February. Thanks for posting that Erika. We have already hit basic funding and unlocked the first stretch goal figure. Adrea Sfiligoi has a kickstarter going: Mushroom Men! <url>}:D Do you promise you will not google my house? lol. For those who want the bunny rider at cost, please send me number of figures you want and your shipping address. My estimate is that they will be about $2 per figure (casting and metal costs) plus shipping (based on where you live). Nice to see another figure coming to life Andrea. Well, it took more than two months, but Discover Card has closed the investigations for all four of my ADW pledges (2 for IAM, 2 for Sea Monsters) and refunded everything. I'm finally free from this mess. Thanks, Turk 182. It was a pleasure to paint up that rhino. @Andrea - That is amazing. So great to see pinmini's great sculpts getting in the hands of fans. Just a quick note to all you guys that I received the master for the bunny-riding gnome that Pinmini had sculpted for the aborted gnomes kickstarter. Pinmini was so kind and sent me the sculpt as a gift. I am looking at casting it and sending it ( at cost, no profit for me but I need to recoup casting costs and shipping) to anyone who was stung by adwgames. The casting should happen in late January but I have no set date yet as this is quite complicated for me living in Italy (the figures will be cast in the US to have cheaper costs and shipping). You can contact me at <email> if you want to be on the list (expect the figure to be about $2 plus shipping). @zoroaster Awesome paint job! @Scott - google is not your friend, I had to find your website via the Cool Mini Or Not forum. Will there be more than the 4 Ice Age minis currently shown? In my pics on the Reaper forum I showed the Hearthstone rhino next to a Fenryll woolly rhino I had painted recently. While I like the Fenryll rhino, it looks like a baby woolly rhino compared to the Hearthstone rhino. The human in the pictures is Belegast the Boodthirsty from Red Box Games, a 28 mm figure. I painted up the woolly rhino from Hearthstone Miniatures today. I looooove this sculpt! The sculptor achieved a great sense of movement with it. I posted pictures on the Reaper Show-Off forum here <url>"Dina and Scott" is Dina Walker and Scott Lantry (aka Lars, etc). Not to be confused with Scott Maurer who uses 100% complete sculpts and actually ships them. I will post pics when my rhino and her terror bird friend arrive. "Your order from Hearth Stone Miniatures has shipped." What?!? My wooly rhino is on the way! I never thought this day would happen. The refunds from my credit card are finalized. I managed to get out of this unscathed. My order for a whooly rhino has been placed. Such a strange journey this has been. I wonder what Dina and Scott's next "project" will be. Wouldn't be surprised at all to see them launch a table top game on Indiegogo or maybe a minimalist wallet. @jennifer, thanks so much! @tyler, I'm not sure. They are being sculpted by Jason Wiebe and I shoukd hear from him that he is done any day now and then its mold making and casting as my schedule allows. @Jarrod O: It will be interesting if KS bans people who request a refund from their credit card vendor -- I suspect that will begin a fight between the two. I think the more-likely route is for KS to find a way to cut out the credit card company altogether -- the funds would go direct. @Scott.. Before I order, have you got any kind of timeline on the hounds you had concept art for? I really like the art for the stone skinned mastiff and was thinking about getting everything in one shot. @Scott, I just placed an order for Ice Age critters, too. I'm so glad you've been able to actually produce the minis I pledged for! It's too bad I threw away money on these sorry sacks at ADW, who claim to be outsourcing simple resin casting to Asia... which makes no sense. But anyway, I'll be keeping an eye on Hearthstone for the future! :) Thank you zoroaster! I think you'll find it is a lot of resin for your money. If I could have I would have liked to have done something for the backers of this but I'm doing what I can do by offering them at good prices. S0 acording to <url>#gid=0 ADW owes me 71 castings (none of which are the pieces I originally pledged for) and two T-shirts (which they have not meantioned recently) or $250. Gosh, do I think I'll ever see either? I'd like the T'shirts, I don't want the pathetic attempts at sculpting. I'll wait on hearthstone to get more of the originals out, I definately want the wooly, that is a really nice piece. Pinmini's wooly rhino turned out awesome. So did the terror birds. Too bad this campaign was a fraud but I'm glad her sculpts were "rescued" by another company and are seeing the light of day. I just bought the rhino, the two terror birds and cave lion for $60 including shipping from Hearth Stone Miniatures, both to support the sculptor's work (she is just starting out but I think her work is already getting very good), and to get some of these sculpts. Yes...because woolly rhinos are their IP... Thankyou! Sadly I doubt that will ever materialize. It would be fun. @Scott That is a beautiful sculpt. Thank you for making it available. I truly hope that ADW tries to sue you for theft of IP. If they do, start a GoFundMe account and I will throw money at your defense. File a counter-suit, then when they show up at court we can serve them with other lawsuits (and criminal charges of possible). @DWM I don't think you understood me. KS loses the money to a chargeback, not the creator. Therefore I think KS will eventually ban people who file chargebacks. . I wish KS would find a process where backers could actually get a refund forced through by KS, taking the money away from the creator. Unfortunately, if the creator takes the money out of the account, truly criminal creators (ADW) will still get away with the money. The only way to stop creeps like this is to work with backers to give us information to track down the crooks, helps us file criminal charges, and sue the pants off of them. . Creators that simply run out of money due to poor planning make this a big grey area though. Was it criminal? Was it a failed business plan? KS doesn't have this info for all campaigns. ADW is pretty cut-and-dry, though. They aren't going to deliver what they promised because they never intended to. If something is delivered, it is to try to make things more grey-area... but it certainly was never going to fully deliver. <url>"refund me so I can't leave negative comments in the campaign." The thing is, ADW has no headaches from this. They have $21,709 minus fees. The only headache will come if we actually get someone to track them down. That said, I wonder if I could start a KS project to create a documentary. I would hire a private investigator with a GoPro to hunt down ADW and serve them with court papers. Would anyone be willing to back that? Yeah, instead of googling houses. I just received a refund for another project whose creator was honest, admitted he couldn't fulfill, and is giving everyone their money back. What is interesting is that as soon as you get the refund you are no longer a backer and unable to post comments. ADW could have saved themselves a lot of headaches by doing this. To those that did get refunds, good for you. I mean no malice toward you, this is more at the system itself. Thieves steal a card, use it, get the goodies. The owner reports it, gets a refund. The merchant is out goods/services and the card company has a loss for the money that they pass on to their loyal cardholders. Yep, Kickstarter got theirs, Amazon got theirs, ADW got theirs, those that got refunds got theirs. The only ones that got shafted were the card holders the credit card companies are passing the loss on to, and those who can't get a refund. @Jared Bond Nope, KIckstarter is free and clear. Whoever issues the credit card gets stuck with the charge back. One of the reasons interest rates are (generally) so high is that Credit Card companies factor in a certain amount of fraud and defaulted payments into their calculations. Just heard from my credit card that the refund is finalized. ADW/Kickstarter either could not or did not refute my claim. I think we need to ask basic questions first. I have a question for ADW. Do you know where Asia is? Yeah, I doubt ADW even knows there were any refunds. It would be interesting to find out IF anything is ever shipped out, did those who received chargebacks get stuff. @Lars - Those poor pandas, killed by cheap cyanide-laced sculpts! I don't think that comes out of ADW's pocket. I bet kickstarter foots the bill for charge-backs. Earlier I initiated a dispute of the $155 charge for my payment for this project. The merchant had a set time to counter my dispute, but failed to do so. I confirmed today with my credit card company that the backcharge of $155 for this project was never disputed by ADW, Kickstarter or Amazon within the time for the merchant to dispute it, so my refund has become permanent. I choked at durian. :D Possible Outcomes for "Asian Production": Phillipines: Master sculpts picked up at Manila post office. Promptly forgotten in a jitney and sold on the black market. Vietnam: Master sculpts destroyed in horrible moped accident during delivery. Thailand: Master sculpts delivered, factory burns down. Malaysia: Master sculpts mistaken for fresh-peeled durian and eaten due to uncanny similarity in shape and smell. China: Factory produces prototypes before striking workers destroy master sculpts and casting molds. Prototypes are eaten by pandas, who die from the lethal poisons used in the cheap resin. Japan: Master sculpts delivered to factory. Godzilla stomps factory flat. North Korea: Starving prison camp laborers eat master sculpts, replace with dirt clods stuck together with hairy chewing gum. 15,000 Ice Age Miniatures cast and shipped to ADW Games PO box service in Los Angeles- Successful Kickstarter! Yep! Instead of easy money made peddling bad product to good people, they're going for easy money peddling no product to good people! Well, I will give them that. They certainly did push past the expected. Scam artists, but certainly not sculpting artists. from the FAQ: "we think it is time to push a little past the expected, and past the easy money made peddling bad product to good people." Yeah, just let me know how I can get a refund. lol Are we still on track for a Sept 2014 delivery? Hopefully anyone looking here will find the absolute lack of two way communication telling. Not a comment in months. They obviously don't or they would have included finished pictures. But maybe the camera batteries died again or they accidentally deleted their potato filter. That is, of course, assuming they intend to send anything anywhere. ...and a smallish order (only enough to fulfill KS in resin), pushed to "When we get around to it" Don't forget that they just made this decision so they will be at the back end of the production queue. If this wasn't a scam, I would be thinking it would add at least 6 months. This user's account has been deleted. Sent stuff to Asia. Sure.......... We all believe that. Did you send them to me? Or another backer over here? That is as likely as sending them to an actual company for fulfillment. And no pictures. And no real names. And no timeline. And no refund details, And no mini sizes. And no details whatsoever about what they are currently producing. Scammers keep scamming. @david Look up Wargames Factory. Basically, snooker folks out of their cash and blame the chinese. This may have been what was always intended, even - if we didn't call them out, to foist the blame on a third party, and vanish into the night. Hell, this may be what WGF would have been if buyers had successfully shoved back against them... @Aard Tony Reidy? They could keep this charade going all the way. Post fake manufacturing updates. Give us a link to a cargo ship bringing our orders to the US. Updates about customs. And then end it with a picture of boxes to be sent out. Just like any other KS. Except nothing ever arrives. By then it is too late to do anything. I wonder how many of us have actually gotten refunds from our CC? 30? 40? And notice that now that the sculpts are done, they provide no photos. All we get is first names, no photos of the people involved in the project, all smoke and mirrors. These are the lessons we should all take when looking at future Kickstarters. I dunno, but shipping the things to china just screams Tony Reidy... I think I know where this is going, just sayin'. They have mentioned museums and mini's cast in silver for jewelry. Who do we think is the big fish? @Scott Got to keep the bait on the hook to land the Big Fish! @ADW Save the shipping both ways, give us refunds now. So now the two primary sculptors "Eric" and "Soto" are handling fulfillment, what happened to "Susan"? "refunds will be provided as company revenue allows" Note that we have been told that they'd hired several teams of sculptors, paid for and installed their own casting equipment, got licensing for the electrical, paid for the space to do this work, etc, etc. By pretending to do these things, they can easily say their is no money left for refunds. "if anyone wishes a refund, refunds will be provided as company revenue allows." This is a pretty wiggly statement at best. I am amazed they are still updating anything. I don't understand the point of any of this. Why continue the charade? An Update was just sent. Pretty interesting too. Hm. Nothing yet. Maybe <url>"They" are apparently still lurking in the shadows. Somebody logged in yesterday with Dina/Lars/Susan?(latest name)' account. "New team. New Sculpts. New Schedule. All IAM sculpts (+10 new sculpts) will be 100% complete by next Sunday." This was posted on 10/11. "Next Sunday" would have been 10/21. That means they are almost 3 weeks late on their latest promise. But that was before they brought in the recently resurrected Soto T. Does that mean all the WIP photos from before Soto T are now trashed? So hard to keep track of the lies. I need a flow chart. That is probably the first time anybody said "I'm looking forward to delivery" on this comment board. Naturally it was an error. Yeah, signing in on Kickstarter to make a comment sends you to some kind of random KS. Annoying. I have misposted stuff before. Oh, I see.. when it wanted me to confirm my login, it jumped to this campaign automatically instead of going back to the one I was looking at.. Strange. I haven't even looked at this one in a while.. the entertainment factor has worn off. Err.. What? That was supposed to be for the Mantis Cases. Not this junk. I don't even know how this switched. Effing Kickstarter comments. Thanks for the updates. Looking forward to delivery :D Looks like the cases I ordered are going to beat Bones II to my house after all, which is great because now I'll have somewhere to put them while they await painting. Thanks again for a great campaign. Now that is absolutely hilarious. OMG that is hilarious! Turk 182, I made one on zazzle. Add a pic of your choice from the ADW fine art masterpieces and you're all set. <url>"Silent Majourity" t-shirts? Are you one of the 60 backers who gave well wishes? Or were you? I've tried to be optimistic about this, but it's just no use. The latest update looks like a steaming pile of dung. I hereby request a refund. I worry they are already running another scam here, it is too easy on the Interwebs to change identities. it is given they are running some kind of scam somewhere. Wait. So KS is not letting Dina run another campaign? When was the last time we even saw her around? Despite their horrible sculpting skills, they scam skills are top notch. They didn't just fool us, but also all the artists who provided free concept art. I have no doubt they could fool KS again and launch another project. I honestly think the only way to prevent these scam artists from trying this again in the future is by forcing the refund. If they get to keep their money, they will do it again and KS might not recognize that it is the same creator. I got a similar response from KS: it is "out of their hands" but they will "not allow this creator to run another campaign". I relayed my concern that these are professional scam artists who will change their identities to a point where KS will struggle to identify them during another vetting process in the future. I just felt like I ought to check in here on Halloween. Boo. Unfortunately Richard, the whole thing appears to be a scam; a recurring theme with the people that are behind the thing. They're probably producing "something" so they can avoid a serious FTC investigation. Based on the letter Kickstarter sent me, I think they *have* been 'talked to', and that is the only reason we are getting updates at all. I am guessing they (ADW) think they can get out of this by pretending they plan to send us 'something'. I have just submitted the following to Kickstarter (at their request): The creators have been irregular and contradictory with updates. They change their 'goals' with every update. The biggest problem myself and the other backers have is that they have no intent to give us castings of the figures they originally sold us, the latest is they are now doing 'fine art' pieces, that look like globs. I have 35 years of experiance in the game miniature field, I was head sculptor for Ral Partha (the largest miniature company in the US at the time, and I know how to do evaluations. What they are showing us now is so far below what they lured us into this project is that it is pathetic. I also have serious doubts that they really intend to give us anything at all. From what they have said, it seems likely that they don't really know anything about the production process. I don't think they *can* meet the obligations; the sculpture they showed us is now in the hands of another company. Looks like Facebook page is gone? This "Soto T." may not be THE "Soto T." but rather an up and coming new sculptor age 5 just entering kindergarten and starting a career. Actually, now that we know she's hiring dead sculptors, that explains a lot about the consistency of all the iterations of new sculpts. ~,~ Still waiting to see our free mammoth rats too. To summarize - we backed this project and entered a legal contract with ADW to provide gaming miniatures in the style shown in the completed sculpts and the concept drawings. We received a map in this style. We were also promised a t-shirt in this style. ADW has now notified that they will not be delivering a gaming miniature in this style and instead will be producing fine art sculptures. They will provide them in resin to backers before producing metals sculptures for their new business. They have taken down their gaming website and replaced it with the poster for the fine art sculpts. Regardless of the quality of the sculpts, this is a blatant violation of the contract we entered when we backed this project. This change in business, more than anything else, is justification for a refund, either directly from ADW or via your credit card. Well they would not have to pay a dead guy, so they would probably try it. The artist might come back from the grave when they see what crap is attributed to their name though. Wait, so they're seriously saying a dead guy sculpted this latest junk? Haha, awesome. Meanwhile, speaking of promises flushed down the toilet, have they ever trotted out a bizarro version of the mini-mammoth? I can't keep up with the BS and obfuscation. I just got it. This has all been a grand misunderstanding - we thought we are pledging for mere gaming pieces, but what we will be getting is modern art - the "rough", "unfinished" looking sculpts, "unrealistic" proportions and "wrong" anatomy are all there because the artist wants us to see something special in these miniatures. It is his medium to show his view on the ice age. As gamers we have of course no way to understand what he is trying to say - these pieces belong in the MOMA, not on gaming tables. My guess? DCMA complaint on behalf of the artist who did all those paintings. ADW called me a "jerk" when I requested a refund. FYI - Here is the old version of their website: <url>"Again: the standard is : <url>" <url>#comment-7947829 "Limited run fine art miniatures" - ROFL. As a European I feel a bit insulted that they want to sell the crappy sculpts as " in the tradition of formally-trained European animaliers".... The funny thing is, all the "different" scculptors work in exactly the same style and method, with the same crappy results. Is Soto T. the guy who supposedly worked for Disney? Or somebody else again? This is so ridiculous... And as adw has now firmly said in their lat update that they never wanted to sell miniatures in the style they used for the front page (..."rather than the hyper-stylized, overly violent pop-sculptor tropes (which we never set out to recreate, or compete with, in the first place).") we have written proof that they never intended to fullfill their contracts with us. These guys are hilarious - they invest a lot of time into this scam, and tend to make the silliest mistakes and blunders. What is next? Random Rolling Stones quotes again? Another rant? That would be fun indeed... Wait- the real Soto T. is dead?!? How many years ago? Never mind, I shall treat this imposter Soto T. as my nemesis too! Carrots and potatoes! Potatoes and carrots! AAAAH! Oh, and the Doggerland adwgames.com website has changed. Just thought you all might like to take note. @leadjunkie Do you have the link to *that* Soto T.? I couldn't find a sculptor by that name, only a photographer. So that's why it's a limited edition? Google indicates Soto T. is a modern art sculptor that died a few years ago. Scott puts the terror birds on his site, and BOOM! UPDATE! What an astounding coincidence. *snort!* And another new team, new name, new mission, worse sculpts. Sad. Why do all of their sculptors stop just at the 99% finished mark? No offense Sakbara, but scammers don't care if you send them sternly worded letters. They took your money, which is all that matters to them. Completely changing the product after the project was funded is a breach of contract. Not replying to my many requests for a refund is disrespectful and unethical. I'm going to need a full refund plus damages for being mislead and lied to. What's the deal? Well off-hand I'd guess that the model looks just as terrible as you suspect it does, so they went out of their way to obscure it with some really terrible photo effects, that are pretending to be "artsy" or "edgy" So whats the deal with the third picture? I can barely see it even... why/how do they do that? It's something stupid, isn't it. I bet it's something stupid. Everyone should, in addition to pursuing a charge back through their credit card provider, file a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission. Here is the link: <url>#crnt @Turk - THEY HAVE MUSHROOMS? *SOLD*. I'll toss down for a bunch next week. looking *foward* to these! I say ditto to all of Turk 182's questions about this latest crazy update. It's sad to think that if scammers spent as much energy and creativity into creating into something real as they do with crazy scams, they might actually accomplish something worthwhile in this world and maybe they'd even make more money, legitimately, than they do scamming money from their fellow human beings. These "sculpts" are majourly better than the Seamonster's 99% complete "Seaport Watchdog". I think I see a piece of corn or a peanut in there. I am hereby requesting a refund. The difference between what you represented the rewards would be and what you are producing is not even measurable. I can't even tell what your sculpts are supposed to be. If you prefer the "hyper-stylized, overly violent pop-sculptor tropes" that were promised to use when we pledged our money, you can get them here: <url>"Susan" nor her "lawyers" have gotten back to me. I asked her to forward my email to them and cc me on the email. "She" never cc'd me. Good luck Eden. I requested 6x in the last 2+ months, and didn't even get an email reply (from any of their contacts). I contacted my CC a few weeks ago. We'll see what happens. I figure that if they reply to my CC, at least I'll have contact info for them and be able to proceed through other legal channels. I received confirmation of chargeback for IAM from my cc today. I pledged only a small amount on the sea-monsters-and-kitchen-sink campaign, so I'm writing that off. By and large, great backers - at least those who haven't aspired to being in the 'majourity' - and I hope to meet up with many of you again in less bizarre campaigns. I'm glad to be out - increasingly I've felt there is something unhealthy at work here. Good luck everyone! This is my second request for a refund. I will contact my credit card company next to report this as a fraudulent transaction. So, no update this week? I have requested a refund and received no response. Therefore, I am still owed these sculpts per the contract I entered with ADW when they received my money. Oh, and believe me, I will paint them if I get them... So what has been done this week, ADW? Where are the rest of these "new" sculpts? The funny thing is that if ADW gave us a refund, it would make us unable to post comments in here. It would have kept us quiet. Got a refund, see you in heck crud bags. @Turk182 - Thanks for the new icon! I thought this was a vast improvement on my first gigantopithicus. QUACK! QUACK! I'm a janitor. Occasionally I'm allowed to design cruise missiles or giant cyber-tanks. Last week I bought a new batch of 'green stuff' and a book on Sabre-tooths. Sabre teeth? But they don't mention what he did there, he could have just been the janitor or gate guard. The lies never end. On the Sea Monsters KS they claim the new sculptor worked at Disney for 20 years. they will be so full of air bubbles that they won't be at all useable. N.A. Jones, if we get them don't trash them. 1. Use parts of the animals for basing 2. Drill a hole through one insert a spit and roast it over a cam fire 3. Cut their heads off and use them as wall mounts in you Dwarven Forge dungeons/taverns 4. Body parts for magic effects Any other ideas? And the full bait & switch is complete. These fucking things are going straight into the trash when (if?) I get them. Lars needs a new profile pic: <url>"New team. New Sculpts. New Schedule"? Susan? <url>"If something seems off, let us know. Our Integrity team reviews every report we receive, and we take action when we see someone violating these guidelines. Sometimes that just means giving someone a warning; sometimes it means revoking certain privileges or accounts entirely. The best way to avoid anything like that happening to you? Don’t spam, and don’t be a jerk." Kickstarter, I am calling you out. I dare you to actually act on the above 'rule.' I think these pictures are proof this is a scam. No honest sculptor would try to sell that kind of stuff. Wow those are ugly, I need to talk to my credit card company again to ensure they aren't accept some bullshit excuse that these are the products as promised. "The remaining sculpts will be uploaded next week, then we are off to production." Sounds like they are finale to me. Are those supposed to be final sculpts? Update is up. .. and now I'm craving mashed potatoes for some reason. Jarrod O, Dina profile is still on Facebook for me, probably because she friended me and now has made her profile private. I too have screenshots to share if they are needed. <url>"Last login Oct 6 2014". Anyone else seeing that? "New team. New Sculpts. New Schedule." Yet some of these are the same sculpts we've seen before. <url>"cornbread" in the reaper forums? <url>#entry914856 <url>#entry889769 <url>#entry927871 Those are some nice IAM sculpts. On Doedecerous (sp?) and Anklyosaurus, some concerns about tail length - depending on materials used for final product, would hate for them to "snap off" during use. The plate details look good. Cave Bear looks kinda naked without claws and teeth! Hard to tell height scale and/or model footprint. Would appreciate views with 25mm boxes and/or 28mm fantasy miniatures. You don't, by any chance, have any Dwarvenforge or Hirst Arts material handy? (For scale purposes.) Looking forward to gaming with these! As mentioned before, I'd rather wait a little longer for "right and loaded with pizzazz!" Thanks for the update! Looking forward to the next one. I can get better from China. Today. Not really better. Utter crap is how I'd describe these sculpts. Maybe shameful? Pathetic? Yup. At this point, my sentiment can best be described as "whatever". I just want this over with. To be fair the sculpts are better, but still far below what was promised and pledged for. I also assume they only have those 2 boxes, total. I suspect that 2 boxes of casteline from update #112 isn't enough to sculpt all the figures at the same time. FYI - The PBS scams that Evergreen is accused of would frequently deliver, but what they produced was extremely poor quality and not worth the $20k they would charge. @Oddbjo/rn - Yeah? These guys really cannot communicate like real people, addressing concerns or talking to backers. Nice update ignoring everything but still trying to put up a front for ........ who? That is the real question I think. I wonder if I am one of the 60 supportive backers? The "silent majourity" who supports their every move? Maybe not. So the people who emailed you nice things get free stuff, but you still haven't even apologized to the people who were threatened and insulted by the sculptor you fired? This is such a joke. Here is the ADW trifecta: 1) You missed yet another self imposed deadline. 2) The anatomy on the sculpts you do show us is awful. 3) You find another way to insult everyone. Reporting this behavior to Kickstarter, yet again. I has just sunk in that the money is lost. This KS has been mildly more fun than the hangover you get after a bad night out with the boys ... Sorry if this offends anyone. Aard Rinn These 'sculpts' are of incredibly poor workmanship (look at the legs and feet/'toes' - misshapen lumps with lines drawn in) and are substantially inferior to those promised and displayed during the pledge period. These are unacceptable as an end product especially after the grandiose and dismissive comments this company has made at every turn. I would like to see sculpts that are beyond my ability to create. Such as the ones on the main KS page. I am wondering how long they plan to keep this up. The postage to Europe alone would be in the price range for these sculpts, and they said they would cover taxes as well - they cannot honestly intend to deliver something at their expense to me, that I do not want to have (these inferior sculpts are nothing I would pick up in a store, even if it was just for 1€/piece) - what is that supposed to achieve? The sculpts that they are currently showing are not in a style that I would have backed in June. Compare the doedicurus from update 123 to update 18. I had hoped this project would be successful and assumed the final product would be as good as shown during the campaign. I am disappointed and have requested a full refund. Sorry, ADW, I'd ask that you respect my request for a refund/my charge-back request. I wish you luck if you actually try to deliver product, but I don't trust you. You've acted in such bad faith that I've no wish to participate in your endeavors. lol @ me for acting like they're reading this, but yeah. I just threw up in my mouth a little bit. I was honestly surprised to see anything. These do look pretty shoddy. There are two terrible birds - Squawky, and Mr. Sit-ums. Look at the last picture... Actually - for those who know KS policy better than I - are they allowed to give free rewards to people based on their positive emails, rather than by pledge level? I strongly suspect not, but does anyone have a more solid idea? Somehow 60 backers, or 25%, is deemed "majourity"! All I can say, is that if these had been the sculpts they'd presented during the kickstarter campaign, there's not a chance in hell I would have backed it. That's some D grade looking stuff. I do find it funny that these scammers are probably feeling some heat and are now forced to produce "something" (no matter how shoddy or amateurish). This is interesting indeed. I wonder what they are trying to do. The quality of the sculpts is far superior to the things they have shown after the KS, but also far from "world class". I have my popcorn ready, and will enjoy the show as long as it is continued. @Stuart, LMAO! love the nicknames for them! ;-) There are 8 sculpts Aard. 2 for ADW superfriends (the silent majourity?), 1 for Sea Monsters backers (no update there when last i looked), and 5 for IAM (2 plated creatures, 1 ego l rhino-esque, 1 terrible bird, 1 cave gummy bear). Now... someone correct me if I'm wrong, but that's... only 6 sculpts. Laying aside *any* quality complaints... a third of these either aren't IAM sculpts, or are IAM sculpts for the five dozen folks who complemented them... Ankleosaur & peletphilip can't count, because they're not part of the IAM pledge... and the frog isn't for IAM, either... And, at the end of the day, *I* could do this with a bucket of casteline. And I'm not some "fine arts major", either... Can we get a name on this sculptor, some other works? Some kind of proof that the last 5% will be worth it? I mean, damn... the shells aren't even *regular*, let alone *symmetrical*, and they haven't added eyes to anything, yet... unless those pits are supposed to be eyes... I'm gonna get in tough with my bank, make sure they realize that this is *not* the quality I paid for - and *that*, despite what DAW may say, is the ultimate measure of whether I'm getting what I paid for, not how much resin they actually try to send me. Well, something is being done. Let's see where this goes.... Sorry for the triple post. I have a new phone and accidentally posted more than once. Well, well. I have to laugh because it's starting to look like this scam got out of hand for them and they actually had to follow through with doing some actual work... that being said, these sculpts are nowhere near quality work... in some ways, they're better than the last round - not too hard, considering the crap that were the last pics of sculpts - but in most other ways they're not even close in quality to anything I've received/going to receive from the likes of Stonehaven Miniatures, Tre Manor's Red Box Games, Basius 2, Dwarven Forge, CoolMiniOrNot Base System, Clan McFiggin Dwarf Brewers, Worldsmith Industries Resin Terrain... ... not to mention the still piss poor attitude they have toward backers who were critical and skeptical of ADW DIRECTLY because of their actions, words, and attitude toward us and the miniature market in general... it's all right because I wouldn't even want those sculpts for free... If, beyond all reason, I do receive them, then they will be part of a fireworks display [[evil grin]] I don't want the poorly sculpted miniatures shown on the update (not that I believe we would ever see those actually cast and delivered into our hands). I wanted the sculpts shown during the Kickstarter, and others of similar quality. I have received a refund through a chargeback from my credit card company and would like to use some of those funds to buy the real sculpts I pledged for from someone who actually has the legal right to sell them, which I don't believe is ADW at this point, given the allegations made on these comments by others. I don't want the poorly sculpted miniatures shown on the update (not that I believe we would ever see those actually cast and delivered into our hands). I wanted the sculpts shown during the Kickstarter, and others of similar quality. I have received a refund through a chargeback from my credit card company and would like to use some of those funds to buy the real sculpts I pledged for from someone who actually has the legal right to sell them, which I don't believe is ADW at this point, given the allegations made on these comments by others. I don't want the poorly sculpted miniatures shown on the update (not that I believe we would ever see those actually cast and delivered into our hands). I wanted the sculpts shown during the Kickstarter, and others of similar quality. I have received a refund through a chargeback from my credit card company and would like to use some of those funds to buy the real sculpts I pledged for from someone who actually has the legal right to sell them, which I don't believe is ADW at this point, given the allegations made on these comments by others. Detach, delay, deflect, deny Dammit- they must've found my old sculpts and the Castilene! Don't tell them about the Cayman Islands account- I'm going to get that book tonight! That's some balls to even post an update when all your backers know you're a fraud. Thanks for the suspense in waiting for tomorrow's post. Proof of ethics is more desirable at this point... I'll believe it when I see a WIP photo that includes the sculptor himself holding that days newspaper. Proof of life! Aye. And they haven't even updated the Sea Monsters page... I'm sorry. I wanted this to succeed, but at this point... no way this is legit. Even if they have the sculpts tomorrow, and they're great... I'll believe it when resin is in hand. Otherwise, I'm gonna assume that they just found some other poor shmuck to rip off, like they've done to all the other artists working on this... I'd almost prefer an apology to a product. I would like nothing more than a "We messed up. We're a new company and we bit off more than we could chew, and when things went sour we didn't know how to deal with it." Instead, we get deflections, blame game, half-truths and outright lies. I'm sick of it. If they're going to finally put up or shut up, then so be it. At least this will be over. To ADW, I'm firmly convinced you're just scammers. If by some miracle you are a legitimate startup miniature company, I hope you've learned a lesson in customer service, though your continued shiftyness and unprofessional, unfriendly behaviour would indicate otherwise. If I thought you were legit, I'd say you have a long road to crawl back to any semblance of consumer confidence. Your manner here has been the height of absurdity. 14 sculpts and the rest on Wednesday? Is anybody holding their breath? Don't get me wrong, like everybody else I would love to see these kickstarters fulfilled, I just don't see it happening. Oh boy, an update tomorrow. Really? More delays? If you want us to even start to take you seriously, maybe try to make *a* deadline? One? Hell, you're setting them yourself - this should be easy! But, IRL, my bet? They either will be showing crap sculpts (as before) or they've conned some new shmuck into making these. I hope not - but I can totally see them doing that in an effort to appear legit for banks while they wait out our disputes... Ridiculous non-update update. How are you going to have 14 miniatures ready tomorrow and not a single one ready today? Change in schedule? Surely not. I wonder if the camera batteries were dead again today...? That seems to be the excuse/reason the 'majourity' of the time... Hey, it's the 10th. Where are those updates????????????????????????????????????? According to Google it is now 5.40pm in New York (where DAW claims to be from). So where's the update? Also from the creator details page: � Last login Oct 7 2014 Perhaps they finally secured the private plane to a remote tropical island? Ah, Highlord, I see you've appended your name appropriately for the situation, too! :D Where is my entertainment for the day? I paid good money to be entertained today. It is the tenth of October. Make with your museum pieces ADW! "Due to copyright issues we have not been able to devote any time to sculpting, since all our sculptors are also our legal team so IT'S ALL YOUR FAULTS, MEANIES!!!" I have my popcorn, now I am waiting for the next act of the show. Wi nøt trei a høliday in Sweden this yër? See the løveli lakes The wøndërful telephøne system And mäni interesting furry animals They will probably look at a random Ksand cut and paste their reason for being late. Possibly, "We regret that the technology to sculpt figures out of wax and clay is not there yet. We are hoping this technology will be available in a few decades." Trying to predict the next excu ... erm ... update is impossible. But I am anxious to see what next twist and turn is coming. Gotta get my $70 worth somehow. I was looking at the front page an noticed another discrepancy. Under "Risks and Challenges": The only foreseeable delay would be in manufacturing. As this is done by a third-party, there may be short delays. The first FAQ: Who are casting your minis? And, why there will never be a delay with us. We are. Our sculpter (sic) has 10+ years in casting experience, and we want to own our master moulds (sic), control production and control quality. We develop/produce/market/fulfill in-house. And, we are scalable in production to meet the demands of 2,000 units a month. We have the equipment, the personnel, and the training, so there are no excuses forthcoming from this KS related to those issues. Was casting to be done in house by a third party? The latest person to have left putting "Susan" in charge took everything with "him". 2 weeks before "Lars" left he said it was only going to be a couple of days before all sculpts were done, then we get an update that it well be another two weeks. They've decided to do a line of ice age mammal *candles* for museums, so they've diverted their Casteline resources to that and are resculpting all of these figures in marble! Dog ate their sculpey Any guesses on what excuse they will be giving us this time? Well it is the 10th October down under interested in the up coming update They would also want to see the comments that KS has "removed". I'm sure KS has their own audit log on Dina and this project. They may not be doing anything with it, but they are recording the comments that were removed, who reported them, and their justification for removing them. @N.A. - I'm with you. Our best bet is disputing charges and filing FTC complaints. On the small chance that someone from the FTC was files a case against ADW Games/Dina/Lars (and goes to court sometime early in 2016), they would subpoena source data from KS rather than just the comments log we see. They'll enter as evidence the raw comments tagged with static KS user id numbers (as well as user logs to capture different login IPs), not some profile where I can change my name to Jethro Q. Walrustitty on a whim. They will focus on every comment made by the Creator of this KS, and not so much gallows humor from the ripped-off backers. At least, that's what I would do if I was a CFE (Certified Fraud Examiner) working for the FTC... Assuming that there has been any investigation, scanning through the comments here would probably be a pretty minor part in determining if fraud has taken place; there's no "proof" of malfeasance in here, but if they wanted a place to start or to get an idea of context, I can see reading through here having some value. Someone put this into perspective to me. To Kickstarter, this is a $1,000 headache (5% of project). Can't imagine they are putting too much effort into investigating. Not sure what credit cards do with disputes. I find it hard to believe they would bother reading the comments, but I could be wrong. Has anyone gotten any pushback on their disputes? Fraud investigators are pretty smart people usually. I'm guessing they are smart enough to parse out a couple of joke comments. Yeah, while I do appreciate the Lars humour, it's probably best not to risk confusing anyone who is investigating this for someone's chargeback. I'd hate to think that someone didn't get their money back because of a joke. It is funny though. ;) @rmk - sorry to say it, but it's a scam. When the creators starting referring to people in dollars amounts, that was the obvious tip-off for me. (My sister is a not very good scam artist, and she refers to people by their worth in her eyes. If I hadn't avoided her for several years, I would have recognized the similarities between the way she talks to and about people and the way the Creators here were 'talking' to the backers. I'm actually upset it took me so long to catch on to it. I should have known better.) I know some of you were looking forward to the walls in the 'Band of Gnomes' non-project. Another company is running a dungeon accessories KS that has 'Walls of Fire' and 'Walls of Ice' in the mix, and the creators seem open to suggestions for new ideas. You can always give them a look: <url>"s kool. I guess I should start putting "smilies" in my posts :> Oops, you are correct. I must have had a niarb traf. Sorry David. @William Don't you mean LimboLance, "Man at Arms"? This Lars stuff is not helping. If anyone is investigating from outside it will just confuse things. Please stop. I changed my wifes accout picture and name durring another KS when I wanted to pledge at two levels. The change was to play a bit with David Weir (see below), I think we had fun with it, but it can become a pain when commenting. You have to watch which account you have logged into or you might say something out of character, which I did several times. Anyone can do it and then change back, but the previous posts will also change back to the original or new name and picture. So if fake Lars does change, these older posts will change too. I see fake Lars was in on that KS also. @A-R: I'm kind of hoping to hear from Fake Dina or Double-Fake Susan next; all it takes is a backer with a throwaway account. ...unless Fake Lars is real... 8-/ Ok- I'm out, but I don't see the CN Tower. Where am I? I want to go the police but I've got to get that book back first... Wait, why is everybody calling me "Fake Lars"? Have THEY been posting comments and telling you it was me?! Let me read through all of this and then I can give you the REAL story... (thumbs hurt so much wish I didn't have this stupid blackberry) @Realm Master K: I know the Kickstarter creators were lying to us because they changed their story so many times. It is not just a matter of ADW saying one thing and their sculptor and other partners saying something else. It is a matter of ADW saying one thing, then another, then another in a relatively short period of time. Their credibility is destroyed. Fake Lars was always with us..he was just part of the silent majourity until now. @Aard Go try to edit your profile. I didn't always have the Zalgo text making my username look screwy. I get how someone set up a KS account & named it Lars. I get the Gigantopithicus avvie. But HOW DID YOU MAKE IT SO YOU COULD POST AFTER THE KS ENDED? Gah! So confused! @Turk - I didn't sculpt that one; I wish I had. The door is barred from the outside, but I just spotted a painted-over transom- at least I think it's paint.... @RMK. Do some research. These guys are scammers. It's unfortunate but enough evidence has been compiled to convince everyone else here. Btw, I'm pretty sure that Montreal address is their actual address, but I don't know how to follow up and confirm it. Lars - ride to freedom on the back of your elasmotherium! I'm not sure "honest" is in their vocabulary. I had faith in the "Up Front" KS...and kept it too long to get my $ back. I'm a tad more leery these days. I can handle honest mistakes...honest setbacks. Just let us know what's going on. @FakeLars- That is comedy GOLD! @Realm I fear you are out of touch this time. please hurry... they might have found the castilene... they might find the gigantopithecus, too... The sad thing is that their only remaining defense is being inept. There is no other explanation for what has happened. Either they are running a complete mess of an operation or they are scammers. 1) They launch a KS before they have ANY of the sculpts in hand 2) They repeatedly hire amateur sculptors who string them along with awful "wip" pieces 3) They put people in charge of their PR who attack and insult backers Let's assume they are legit. This is still the worst run KS I have been a part of. Gotta agree with Turk. Let's not forget the slew of personal emails and assaults they sent out. I got about 4 or 5 sent to me before things left reality. Prior to them emailing me, I had tried to remain positive. I just kept asking for them to follow up on things they had mentioned, which I don't think was overstepping any boundaries. @RMK - Sorry if I'm coming across a bit harsh. These guys googled my home address so I'm a little touchy. No harm in being optimistic and I do agree that almost all of the "evidence" is circumstantial. I recommend reading Andrea's comments, though. <url>"sold" the original sculpts that we saw on this project was a recently hired contractor. I don't care how challenged your payment structure is, you don't sell work that you did for one client to another after only a few months. The truth will come out. Of that I am confident. And I still am confident that this project will be completed. Call me an optimist if you like, but I have faith. Also, several posts from supposedly different people have all misspelled the same word or root word the same way too many times to be a simple typo (majour/majourity) @RMK - I understand that things happen. I understand hired help can go wrong. I understand delays. But if it was truly all of these things occurring, than why not tell us this? ADW went wrong when they started telling falsehoods and hiding the facts. What we know, and what ADW has told us, don't agree. (or what ADW first told us, and then later told us, doesn't agree). And when we pointed out these discrepancies....they went all crazy on us. What are backers *supposed* to think?? @Turk - Almost every one of those articles is about Vision Media, not Evergreen Entertainment. I see where Evergreen Entertainment is mentioned in a few of them, but only in a long list of companies that have no affiliation with PBS. Nothing here has convinced me of any duplicity. This KS proves the old adage, "If something appears to be too good to be true, it probably is." I should have listened to that little voice in my head when funding was active. At least I only sunk $25. ...and call centers This is all a bit circumstantial, however. What we all would like is the physical location of ADW Games offices or Evergreen Entertainment. All that we have are mail drops and virtual offices. @Realm - Dina is president and director of Evergreen Entertainment as well as producer at Food For Thought TV, both of which are named in the PBS scam alert and are associated with the Vision Media scams that were reported in the Consumerist, NPR, and NY Times. PBS Scam Alert: <url>"Lurz", will have run off with their casting machine to form his own new company! The other 13 sculptors will work frantically to make up the pace, of course, but because of the lost machine, they're going to have their jewler cast all of these up in silver for us - solid gold for me (I'm the Freebie Queen, after all!) The best news? This complete shift in materials and loss of a sculptor won't change a thing. Still on track for shipping in September! Someone trying to remain anonymous and hidden might also still be logging on to Comments to see how close the backers are to finding their real whereabouts and identities, since there have been several posts from people who have been searching for that information. It needs to be clear for other people (like CC investigators) that we are posting asking for updates because we know this is a complete scam. The updates are like a terrible car wreck that up you can't help but stare at. We are getting a sick enjoyment from the rediculous updates. To reiterate, this campaign is a scam. I still think one of the most unbelieveable parts of all of this is the continuing absence of the creator of this project. With all the problems, one would this she would show up. Only a few short days. I am sure "something" will be posted, jsuthte minimum for legal defense of continuing work on the project. I just admit to being curious how little is hyped how much. Well, you're going to have to wait until Friday (10/10); that's when the next episode was promised. Personally, I'm hoping for some new WIP sculpts. I'm in favor of another update. Considering that a typical movie is $12 for about two hours, I figure I'm due another 18 hours or so of entertainment from ADW. What's next? We've had all kinds of drama around sculpting, "art theft", and personnel changes. My vote is for some legal drama. They can tell us about the multiple court cases they've filed and how they're proceeding. That should provide fodder for at least a few more updates. Then maybe we can move onto the police procedural portion of the show... I really feel like we could use another update. Knowing that I can't get my money back and that there will be no minis forthcoming, I'd like to get my 70 dollars worth in entertainment at least. Well, they would, wouldn't they? They're probably finding it has the same horrific fascination as the rest of us - like a sore tooth you can't help prodding every so often. It seems somebody at ADW is keeping an eye on what is being said here. They logged in a little while ago, Answered my own questions. KS was opened to Canada last September: <url>"09/12/2014 From ADW: We have confirmed that the Castilene will be arriving on Wendesday September 17, 2104. We will be working Thursday-Monday to catch up and will post to this page frequently." At this point although I was hoping for the items promised this is way to much drama, please refund my money. Hm... Touche, tiny friend. ...but payments go through Amazon. Good news for future disputes (this is from Paypal's new policy guidelines) • We're increasing the time for buyers to file merchandise disputes (Item Not Received and Significantly Not as Described) from 45 days to 180 days. I am still researching and putting together pieces. Will try to have something this weekend to help with chargebacks @Andrea: I tried Amazon Payments. All I get is a standard denial of refunds, no real reply or answer to questions. I have tried their form on the Amazon page, the email adresses I found, and replied to their mails. Always the same answer. @Jared The thing is, you have to realize that this almost certainly is a scam. Of course they are going to employ a lot of doublespeak and obfuscation rather than deal with it like a legit business person would. sp - lol Ahh...the silent majourity Ok. Went through the list of backers, looking at their comments from the past few weeks. Found 51 specifically requesting refunds (or mentioning they are pursuing it with their bank/CC), and another 14 expressing severe doubt about the validity of this campaign. That's 27% (and a huge majority of the people who have posted comments in the past few weeks - you'd be surprised how many people *never* post comments!). It'd be nice if ADW addressed this elephant in the room, rather than just throwing out bizarre legalese and threats. Edit: Upon calculatoring, you are actually .41%, making you a whole 1.24 *times* more statistically significant then previously thought! You lucky dog, you! Note* In that last sentence, I failed to words, and also, possibly, to maths. I am not good at statistics. I'd suggest you at least post the refund request. You don't have to file, but showing that you want one only takes a copypasta and may help you if KS or someone orders them to give refunds... unlikely, I know, but it will also add to visibility! On a project this size, remember: you are .33% of a backer! That means that (at least in my bio classes) 6 of you are significant, statisticly! Jared, there's also folks like me who would like to get a refund, but don't think it's going to happen. I didn't put that much into this Kickstarter, and really the only reason I am still paying attention is because I want to see how this giant maelstrom turns out. @Andrea - Have you seen this? <url>"PBS scam" and grab the popcorn. I tried to ask for a chargeback but the company that issues my paypal card said that it's too late, since they offer this service up to 45 days after the payment. They however suggested that I file it with amazon payments. Anyone can suggest how to do that without spending hours? Looking at that building, I think I should have been a scammer, not a game designer. :-) seriously, I wonder how they can pay for that, maybe they are doing many more "operations" like this. Glancing through the past few days of posts on the main comments section, I count 47 official requests for refunds, or 20% of the total # of backers. Of course, I'm not sure if I missed a few, or if people posted in other areas, or if they only requested by email. Good sleuthing, and consistent with what I was told, as well. As for me, I sent a letter to Kicktraq to see if they'd tag these and future ADW projects as possible scams, and maybe be open to an article on how we went about investigating this one/how this went down. I think something like that might be good - get outside eyes on our project, and also show people that there's concrete things you can do when you find out you've been scammed... Interesting.. Compare the stonework in the unit next door, specifically the living room, to the background in the yeti sculpture. I'd bet just as much as I pledged here (but no more) that those photos were taken in this building. And sorry for the spam, I'm just putting stuff up as I turn it up. <url>#22 is available to rent right now, if anyone is looking for a friendly neighbour. :D I aim to please! big people jail... snort. sorry. you just made me laugh and that is hard today. the word is subpoena... Well, now that someone else has posted it... Yeah, that's the most accurate address I've recieved, too. And, apparently recent pictures were all taken there... I didn't want to share it because I didn't want to be liable if one of you went and kneecapped the fellows. I'm 19, now - they could send me to big people jail! o-O Just include: Be sure to RSVP! :D Complete with "party invitations" @Andrea - that is really great info, thank you! And yes, holiday cards are a fantastic idea. :D the reason why they were interested in OGAM is because they were supposedly working on a huge list of mythological monsters. feel free to send them Xmas postcards. 305 de la Commune West Buzzer Code 315 #23 Montreal, QC H2Y 2E1 514.845.0004 This was the shipping address I was given. The DAW facebook profile is authentic as far as I know, I have screencaps of a discussion where the thanked me for spreading the news about the KS and told me she would send me a mailing address to send a copy of my Of Gods and Moprtals rulebook (rules I wrote for Osprey publishing ). Oh, and in my FTC complaint, I also named kickstarter. Because kickstarter provided the platform and took a cut of the apparently fraudulently solicited money. Interestingly, Kickstarter hides all of their contact information as well... @Colin, yeah, I thought there were quite a few parallels that were interesting. It was more a trigger for me to consider contacting my state DA to see if he or she would like to compete with OR in setting precedent for these issues... ;) And yes, Scott, that is the big issue as far as actually pursuing legal remedy of any sort. I'm sure they know that, and is why no one here will actually get any real summons/service ("get your ass to court" document, sorry don't know the jargon), regardless of the groundless **** about "IP theft" and "libel"... which was clearly legalese to try and intimidate people. HAH! @zoroaster100 - I agree, the process was pretty simple. The text box to "tell us in your own words" is really restrictive, though. It's probable that amongst all of us that filed, FTC will be able to piece together enough info to start investigating. Because I, like a dumbass, forgot to link the google.docs summary.... Here is a link for filing an FTC complaint: <url>#crnt link? I found the process for filing a complaint with the FTC pretty easy and simple, especially with the information compiled by others on that google document with addresses, emails, etc. They ask you to provide the name of the company, the company representative and their title, their address (even though here we know its just a dropbox), their phone number, website and email address, as well as your personal information, how much money they asked you for and got paid, and then you fill out a little blurb where you can tell your story in your own words. I used the blurb to tell the story and provide links to the Ice Age and Sea Monsters Kickstarters and pointed them here so hopefully read the Comments section and responses to their latest "updates". The more people that take the 5 to 10 minutes to file an FTC complaint, the higher the chance the FTC will actually take up the issue. I just completed and filed a complaint with the FTC. The only issue of course is that in order to sue them you need to serve them. In order to get a criminal charge to matter they have to be apprehended. Odds are they will be caught for something down the line. Just when that will be is hard to predict. @Jennifer - Interesting article, very informative. Thanks! The funny thing is, that Asylum KS was only $25,000, about the total take on the IAM and Sea Monster KS combined. But because it was for poker chips and playing cards, you have 800+ angry backers instead of 250+ angry backers here. So the lesson learned might be it's not how much they're scamming you, it's how many people file complaints with the government. Also on that KS Comments board, somebody mentioned that the case doesn't go to court until next June, so over a year after the fraud charges were filed. Who's patient enough to go after our con artists? Sharing an article that I found very interesting: www.geekwire.com/2014/attorney-general-asylum-playing-cards-crowdfunded-project/ the actual legal filing is surprisingly easy to read. What was the address provided by ADW? I know it was reported as fake but I want to provide it to the FTC as part of the complaint I'm filing with them. Also, can someone who received an email from Lars or from anyone at ADW post their email addresses so we can include those with FTC complaints? We should kickstart a support group for those scammed by ADW. >_> For those in the UK a new KS launched today for dungeon dressings: <url>"...won't she end up losing..." Not that it really matters, but do you guys think that the Dina Andrews Walker FB profile is for a real (unrelated) person named Dina Andrews Walker and that is being used as a front for this project? Or is the person who owns that FB profile behind this scam? I ask because the DAW FB profile goes back 5 years, has thousands of friends, and seems to actually engage with real people in a real way. If this is the person behind this mega-scam, won't she end up loses the FB profile as cover (once the name DAW is permanently associated with the scam)? Any thoughts on the connection here? I spotted two other typos in the form letter: it's Neocene, not Neogene. And in the last sentence, "it's" should be "its". They were interesting minis and the Band of Gnomes walls were a great concept. If only they had decided to do it honestly. But it appears from the get go there was no such intention. Their artists were obviously working, but ADW was obviously not paying. A large collection of walls would have interested me quite a bit. More than the animals, truth be told. Just looked over the main page again.....these would have been so cool, especially in the context of this just being the beginning of a large line of extinct mammals. FTC complaint submitted. I used my own summary of events. Thanks for the prodding, Rick! Aard - Check your use of 'to wit' and 'to whit' in a couple of spots - I believe the 'h' is a typo. I'm in the midst of providing further evidence to my bank as to the chargeback so this is a good additional resource for me to copy and reword a bit - thanks. It might help w my bank... Going to try tomorrow. I would to, but if you don't have time/aren't that interested, it's good to have. This is more for banks, though... A few people asked I write one up. I would suggest that each complainant use their own words rather than a form letter. Finished the letter, btw. Doc'd here, just download it and sign it: <url>"Hand Sculpted Miniature Ice Age Mammal Set" and the 134 backers of the "Miniature Sea Monsters, Dungeon Furniture and Big Beasts" Kickstarters (hereafter refered to as "we" or "we their customers" or "the customers") against ADW Games and its owners and managers (hereafter refered to as "ADW Games" or as "the company" or by name). The Kickstarters run by ADW Games are, again, the "Hand Sculpted Miniature Ice Age Mammal Set" (Hereafter refered to as the "IAM KS") and the "Miniature Sea Monsters, Dungeon Furniture and Big Beasts" (Hereafter refered to as the "Sea Monster KS". The IAM KS is now late, having been funded on June 26th, 2014 with a projected delivery date of September; repeated assurances were provided to customers that this delivery date would be met, even during September after the company by all reasonable expectations knew that such a delivery date could never have been met. They have also made no showing of a continued effort to fulfill or progress towards fullfilling, except for the provision of substandard "replacement sculpts" as described below", and currently hold USD$21,709 in raised funds without offering the recourse of a refund as solution to complaints. The Sea Monsters KS is recently fulfilled as of September 10th, 2014, but with the lack of progress toward future obligations, there remains no confidence in the ability or will of ADW Games to fulfill this project, especially in light of revelations that have come about as to the identities and former associations of the owners/managers of ADW Games, Dina Andrews Walker and Lars Sunderflyrr, as detailed below. They currently hold USD$4,611 in raised funds without offering the recourse of a refund as solution to complaints. They have: Hidden their identities to we their customers, and given us no reliable venue of contact except for those which would allow us no means of preserving the conversation (ie phone calls), and insulted and derided those of us unwilling to furnish them with our phone numbers; Misrepresented their location to us, offering a mail drop as their address, and offering no way to contact them to serve papers and seek any means of legal recourse, and providing false phone numbers, and refusing either by emails or in the comments of the ADW Kickstarters to furnish accurate information; Harrassed backers using their emails, the Kickstarter comment section, and other digital and remote mediums including forums not owned or opperated by ADW Games, often in violation of those site's terms of service; Threatened their customer's physical safety, by using Google and other search engines to locate their houses, and posting derisive and menacing messages publicly, in gross violation of Kickstarter's Terms of Use, to wit: Don’t abuse other users’ personal information. When you use Kickstarter — and especially if you create a successful project — you may receive information about other users, including things like their names, email addresses, and postal addresses. This information is provided for the purpose of participating in a Kickstarter project: don’t use it for other purposes, and don’t abuse it. Represented themselves falsely to we their customers, using concept art that they did not own the rights to, and images of product which they did not have and did not intend to produce; Replaced said representations of their product with lower-quality sculpts that are below even the lowest standards of quality within the miniatures industry; Lied to backers about the reasons behind the change of sculpts, claiming that the figures were out of scale by as much as three inches, when it was later revealed that the sculpts were unavailable due to lack of payment on the part of ADW Games; Failed to behave in the manner of respectable business persons to the detriment of consumers; to whit, failed to pay debts to sculptors, concept artists, and other persons involved in the production of their product to the point where said persons withdrew their work, and other, sub-par replacements had to be aquired; Assaulted the honor of a long-standing member of the community, Reaper Miniatures, and libeled against their good name, and insulted members of their forums, both on the Ice Age Miniatures KS page and in the Reaper Forums; And accused backers who commented with questions or complaints about the company of collusion with ex-employees to steal intellectual properties and start a competing company, regardless of the facts that no such collusion can be shown to exist, and that the intellectual properties are so broad as to be impossible to defend legally, being real megafauna that existed during Earth's Neogene Period; And spoken abusively to backers in regards to both the amount pledged and attacks on their character, in a way that was both menacing and in violation of the Kickstarter Terms of Use, to wit: Don’t victimize anyone. Don’t do anything threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, tortious, obscene, profane, or invasive of another person’s privacy. Furthermore, evidence has come to light in recent weeks that Dina Andrews Walker and Lars Sunderflyrr are, in fact, associated with a wide variety of scams, many of which have been for amounts in vast excess of the USD$26,320 raised here. To whit: Evergreen Entertainment Group, LLC, to whom our money was paid, is named identically to a Canadian company, also with employees "Lars" and "Dina" which is connected with several scams within the television and movie production industries. This includes one scam, "Food for Thought" which PBS saw fit to publically warn about and deny any affiliation to. Backers of the IAM Kickstarter were later contacted by an alleged victim of this scam, who claimed to have been defrauded of over CAN$60,000 by a "Lars" and "Dina". They also are accused of defrauding a Guitar company in China of money for a documentary that was never made. In conclusion, I feel that there is enough evidence of inappropriate behavior, past fraud, and intent to defraud that I request a refund for all product as-yet undelivered by ADW Games and it’s affiliates. Signed; Any suggestions? I'll do so when I get home for work. Done! Just sent my info to the FTC! I'll try to have a summary of information connecting them to past scams ready in an hour or three, too. @Rick, can you provide more info as to which project is currently under investigation? If not, cool deal, just curious. And I'll file a complaint there shortly... @all, don't forget, Aard Rinn's summary is a great write up of backer's grievances. That might help facilitate completing the FTC submission. @NA Jones: They're aware of the nature of Kickstarter so answer as best you can. Good to know Rick. The reporting questions feel like a bad fit, or at least hard to answer because of the nature of kickstarter. Worth a shot at least. Additionally, the FTC's responsiveness is based on the number of complaints they receive. The more complaints that are filed, the quicker they will respond. If you believe this is a fraudulent project you can file a complaint with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission here: <url>"upgraded" my card to a lower a rate, so the card I purchased with no longer exists and my bank hasn't shown much willingness to help me do a chargeback partly because the card no longer technically exists ... or maybe getting through to a competent person over the phone who can help me untangle this is the main problem. @N.A. - I would push back on the 60 day rule. Explain it was a scam and delivery was outside the 60 day window. If that fails, threaten to cancel the card. @Turk Good point. I had completely set this project aside and hadn't kept up until just the past week or so. I probably would have started a chargeback sooner based on my misgivings had I known. I'm not sure I would have been inside my bank's 60 day window to dispute, but it might have been possible. I also want KS to notify the other backers who have not checked the comments before it is too late for them to file something with their credit cards. * that should be, "...helping victims of fraud..." Or even giving back the money we're all owed or the highest backers... I'd wave my $30 if it meant those who backed with much higher pledges were assured refunds... then again, I'm sure Kickstarter's legal department would not allow that as it would set an unwanted precedent. I strongly encourage their Integrity Team to make a strong suggestion to whomever is in charge over at Kickstarter to donate the 4% (or whatever % they take) from the two funded ADW Kickstarters and put it toward and appropriate non-profit organization, preferrably something to do with helping victims of or supporting some sort of non-profit anti-fraud organization. (sorry for the plethora of typos guys... It's past my bedtime and I've been at a comic book convention and driving all day). I normally use a spellchecker and don't do any majour slip ups ;-) @Andrea- we've tried just about all your rulesets at this juncture in time. We've been waiting to do Fear & Faith again once we get our Cthulhu Wars pledges, and another Hot Lead campaign will begin once Recon arrives. Our next Blades & Heroes campaign is going to be Arcadia Quest warbands against Super Dungeon Explore. by the way, I once told ADW that I expected a company who had worked for 12 years on an IP to have a "bible" of it. All the information I got on the setting was the scarce texts on the ADW site and a few email replies by Mr. Lantry. When he started sketching the walls, he did include sketches of walls he never mentioned to me (and I was a bit upset, because, if you want to sell a wall of leaves or whatever, the bopok should CONTAIN the rules for that!) My impression is that they were sketching and addying walls WITHOUT EVEN READING MY RULES. @Scott Maurer, BOOM! BOOOOOM! That was awesome! Yes the spellcasting and walls (actually I do not remember whose idea it was, if ADW or mine) were in the rules. I had walls of wood, mud, fire, ice and twigs, IIRC. Plus basic spell types like Fireball, summoning, lightning etc. Standard fantasy fare but quite new for Song of Blades and Hereoes which has an abstract magic system with only 4-5 spellcaster types, each providing one or two game effects (basically either a ranged attack or an hindrance). I sent another email to KS for Susan's violation of the TOS. Their reply: "Our Integrity team is aware of this project." @Andrea - sorry you got dragged into this mess too. On the bright side, If I hadn't tried to help advertise the thankfully-defunct Band of Gnomes KS, I would have never known about your Song of Blades skirmish games and its Yahoo group. I'm looking forward to trying out the basic game rules you offer for free over there. Those of us who asked to playtest or review the BoG skirmish game never saw a copy of your draft rules from ADWGAMES. Can you at least tell me if the draft rules you provided in good faith (and as we now know, on an unsigned contract) even incorporated spellcasting and/or terrain walls (wall of fire, wall of ice, etc.)? Or was that all just Dina/Lars/Eva/Susan echoing my desire to have these minis and skirmish rules? Thank you Highlord Tamburlaine. Cool toys there! I was at an anime/manga con today and saw lots of gashapons and other Japanese collectibles that can be used (in facts, I have written two whole games, Mighty Monsters and Samurai Robots Battle Royale , for people who love to play with gashapons/toy figures). @Andrea- I just want to say THANK YOU for making my family's favorite rules. We had planned on doing a caveman/ lost world campaign with these animals. Last summer we made warbands with these guys: <url>"majour" mistakes. Ah, I forgot - that's my REAL face there, my real name. I am also available to chat via any app that can be used on a ipad, but please send me a message first (I live in Italy and may have very different sleep/work hours being in a different timezone). Guys, I have left my comments re: my involvement in this and other KS by ADWGames by commenting on the update #121. You can find my email there if you need to contact me, or you can look me up on Facebook (andrea sfiligoi) or need any further proof of my honorability and professionalism, and my being a victim, and not an accomplice, of whatever has been attempted by these folks. Good business credentials, the best I have seen so far. to be fair, while she may not have attended Harvard business she did stay at a holiday inn express last night. @"Scott", "Lars", "Dina", "Susan", or whomever you may be, Please, please, learn how to spell. It's grade school spelling... it's business 101, like literally in business courses you take business writing. And know, you may have scammed me out of my $30, but I am laughing (no, like literally) at everything you post now. It's friggin' hilarious and when you consider what one pays for a 2hr. movie, I'm getting a lot of entertainment for my money! :-D :-D :-D @Jennifer Letts, You forgot the best one of them all: - if all else fails, say your batteries failed. ;-) @HRH Mo, LMFAO! :-D Turk, what evidence do we have for a fake IMDb entry? One thing she can deliver is a quality soap opera! : 3 @David - You're right! And also, "Make non-specific threatening comments when 'marks' start showing signs of being on to you." :D Sorry, I have to laugh because this whole thing is so ridiculous. @Scott - yes, I liked that one too. Succinct and to the point. :) @Jennifer They forgot to add "Blame the backers themselves for any delays". Jared, this must be the trade secret referenced in the "notice": (Not my work; copied from the IAM dakkadakka.com thread...) Are you in trouble? Are people starting to suspect that your scam is a con, and you haven't exceeded the chargeback time limit? Buy our book today, and learn how to: -Avoid registering your business, -Change the person in charge of the company, -Attribute a delay to 'personal reasons (both unspecified and medical emergencies), -Write intimidating threats of litigation, -Find a usable PO box address for your company, -Talk it out on the phone with unsatisfied targets instead of risking leaving a potentially incriminating paper trail, -Dodge all questions (like politicians do!) Simply sign up to our kickstarter on www.kickstarter.com/scammingsconsformugs and receive a hundred dollars free today!* *hundred dollars only payable after 180 day period and after payment of fifty dollar processing fee I like Herr Alias. Although I was thinking about maybe a puffed up dragon with no teeth. Scott, just be sure to honor Reaper minis Sir Forscale... Maybe name the mini Sir Scamalot? Herr Alias? Mr. Needmymedsadjusted? Could someone whisper to me what the trade secret is? I think I missed it. Turk, you are killing me. People are staring and asking why I am laughing. @Scott - When you cast the Elasmotherium, please photograph it next to a "Lars" mini for scale. (Hail google. Google is great. Google is good) Man, it really does feel like yesterday. I was so excited, too. I really love sea creatures. But hey, ripping these people a new asshole? Almost as fun! See? *Hobbies*. what does #tbt mean? #TBT "Aard you have the "Freebie Queen" award. Stop Pledging. If you pay for shipping moving forward, every production piece we do is yours. Build a new shelf." Well drafted Aard. And appreciated. @Aard - I don't know, but if there's a giant wholly rhino, I'm in! Very nice, Aard Rinn! This might be just the thing to get media attention on this mess... @spade - I would run the best KS. what would my rewards be, though? They'd have to be in the spirit of things... @Ericka - aw... thank you! And thanks to all of you. Anything else that needs adding? Theres a whole second page in progress detailing what we know about other scams - I should have the whole thing up sometime tomorrow or sunday. @Aard - I am amusing myself with thoughts of you running a Kickstarter to pay for legal fees from this Kickstarter. I'm not a lawyer, but I did stay at a Holiday Inn Express ... The letter looks good to my inexpert eye. @Aard - If fate is kind, I will never, ever, ever do anything that pisses you off. LOL! That's brilliant, concise, and to the point. Love it. Copy and pasted that 'WIP' letter into Word for myself so that I can find it later... And still nothing tangible such as an address for service of notices. Or a photo of a single, acceptable product. So, how's this? Nothing finished, but it's a start: To whom it may concern: Below is an enumeration of complaints held by many of the 239 backers of the "Hand Sculpted Miniature Ice Age Mammal Set" and the 134 backers of the "Miniature Sea Monsters, Dungeon Furniture and Big Beasts" Kickstarters (hereafter refered to as "we" or "we their customers" or "the customers") against ADW Games and its owners and managers (hereafter refered to as "ADW Games" or as "the company" or by name). The Kickstarters run by ADW Games are, again, the "Hand Sculpted Miniature Ice Age Mammal Set" (Hereafter refered to as the "IAM KS") and the "Miniature Sea Monsters, Dungeon Furniture and Big Beasts" (Hereafter refered to as the "Sea Monster KS". The IAM KS is now late, having been funded on June 26th, 2014 with a projected delivery date of September; repeated assurances were provided to customers that this delivery date would be met, even during September after the company by all reasonable expectations knew that such a delivery date could never have been met. They have also made no showing of a continued effort to fulfill or progress towards fullfilling, except for the provision of substandard "replacement sculpts" as described below", and currently hold USD$21,709 in raised funds without offering the recourse of a refund as solution to complaints. The Sea Monsters KS is recently fulfilled as of September 10th, 2014, but with the lack of progress toward future obligations, there remains no confidence in the ability or will of ADW Games to fulfill this project, especially in light of revelations that have come about as to the identities and former associations of the owners/managers of ADW Games, Dina Andrews Walker and Lars Sunderflyrr, as detailed below. They currently hold USD$4,611 in raised funds without offering the recourse of a refund as solution to complaints. They have: Hidden their identities to we their customers, and given us no reliable venue of contact except for those which would allow us no means of preserving the conversation (ie phone calls), and insulted and derided those of us unwilling to furnish them with our phone numbers; Misrepresented their location to us, offering a mail drop as their address, and offering no way to contact them to serve papers and seek any means of legal recourse, and providing false phone numbers, and refusing either by emails or in the comments of the ADW Kickstarters to furnish accurate information; Harrassed backers using their emails, the Kickstarter comment section, and other digital and remote mediums including forums not owned or opperated by ADW Games, often in violation of those site's terms of service; Threatened their customer's physical safety, by using Google and other search engines to locate their houses, and posting derisive and menacing messages publicly, in gross violation of Kickstarter's Terms of Use, to wit: Don’t abuse other users’ personal information. When you use Kickstarter — and especially if you create a successful project — you may receive information about other users, including things like their names, email addresses, and postal addresses. This information is provided for the purpose of participating in a Kickstarter project: don’t use it for other purposes, and don’t abuse it. Represented themselves falsely to we their customers, using concept art that they did not own the rights to, and images of product which they did not have and did not intend to produce; Replaced said representations of their product with lower-quality sculpts that are below even the lowest standards of quality within the miniatures industry; Lied to backers about the reasons behind the change of sculpts, claiming that the figures were out of scale by as much as three inches, when it was later revealed that the sculpts were unavailable due to lack of payment on the part of ADW Games; Failed to behave in the manner of respectable business persons to the detriment of consumers; to whit, failed to pay debts to sculptors, concept artists, and other persons involved in the production of their product to the point where said persons withdrew their work, and other, sub-par replacements had to be aquired; Assaulted the honor of a long-standing member of the community, Reaper Miniatures, and libeled against their good name, and insulted members of their forums, both on the Ice Age Miniatures KS page and in the Reaper Forums; And accused backers who commented with questions or complaints about the company of collusion with ex-employees to steal intellectual properties and start a competing company, regardless of the facts that no such collusion can be shown to exist, and that the intellectual properties are so broad as to be impossible to defend legally, being real megafauna that existed during Earth's Neogene Period; And spoken abusively to backers in regards to both the amount pledged and attacks on their character, in a way that was both menacing and in violation of the Kickstarter Terms of Use, to wit: Don’t victimize anyone. Don’t do anything threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, tortious, obscene, profane, or invasive of another person’s privacy. @turk, omg lol. You about made me spit out my coffee. No offense taken. I really will try to limit the cost on these but as you say, it is grounded in reality. "Missing: Dina Walker Last Seen in a fake IMDB bio" BWAHAHAHAHA! Someone needs to make a t-shirt for Scott: "I backed ADW Games and all I got was this shirt and a fake cease and desist letter" @Aard - I know it'd libel...but since ADW wasn't using terms accurately...I thought it was just a "thing" we're doing :) What is funny is that they are accusing us of colluding to steal their sculpts so someone else can sell them to us for a much higher price. No offense Scott - I understand that your pricing is based on reality and not the pixie dust and unicorn farts that Dina promised us. @Eden Say HI to Stefan for me! Don't worry @Eden. you have 238 other team mates to count on... you could indeed! get a judgement against in a court of law? maybe not - slander laws are really strict (part of what protects me and my doc from accusations, so be happy) but accuse them of it? Yeah, that's plenty to accuse... it would be libel, tho. As long as we're throwing out legal terms, can I accuse ADW of slander for implying that I am illegally colluding with someone who is in "violation of civil and criminal law"? Have for Eden! If much rather be doing that than working. Lol @Aard - I would think the stuff on pp2-4 minus all the strikethroughs would be a good start for a "legal" document ADW is in breach of reality. They have demonstrated a clear lack of understanding of what is real and what is fantasy. Hey, what do people want on a letter of grievances? I'll make it available to be sent to ADW Games, Susan, the local police, the attorney general, the mounties, ect., so we have something a bit more trim than the current page, but not editable. ADW is in breach of using the Matrix, which is copyrighted by and wholly owned by Warner Brothers Entertainment. It's not an ARG Eden. It's the Matrix. I'm confused. I thought I backed a miniatures Kickstarter, but it seems I backed some sort of bizzare alternate reality game. I'm not really into ARGs and wouldn't have backed if I had known. Did you guys all realize you were signing up for months of bizzare riddles and puzzles? Does anyone know where this ARG mystery is going? There are too many clues and I lost track a while ago. Quick shout out to all my DF friends! About to head off to play some D&D with Stefan, which should brighten my mood from this train wreck quite a bit! @N.A. You really shouldn't insult the Three Stooges like that.;) Don't be too hard on Lars/Dina/Larry/Curly/Moe. It's tough to keep your story straight when you're making it up on the fly. @David - Great point. Lars on 9/10 - "The scale, as per the original title of the KS was/is 28mm. The variety of sizes we received were unsettling in their dismissal of scale. You will note that the original mini-mammoth sculpt is about 5 inches tall. The second terror bird is a good 3' taller IRL measurements than the bird should have been. etc... The remaining pieces which were handed in a few weeks back, which finish the list of sculpts were shoddy, leaving a lot to fix. We chose to save some- just resculpting details, and we chose to throw some in the bin. In all events, details will be finished in wax." Anyone good with reddit? Now they are demanding that these sculpts be handed over to them Does anyone remember that the sculpts they "received" had to "be redone" because they weren't the correct scale? I'm glad some of us were able to get our money back at least. I'm not one of them, but c'est la vie I contacted my Mastercard. They charged back my money and filed a dispute with KS to cover it. There may already be police investigations going for their previous scams that this could be tacked onto... I'm not sure whom one would contact, but has any of this been brought to the attention of any sort of legal authorities? I know fraud is pretty far down the totem pole in terms of priorities for the police, but it sure seems like it's getting pretty close to something that is reportable. The people in that photo are (allegedly) scammers Dina Walkers and Lars Somethingflyrr, the scammers behind the Food for Thought scams. That photo is from vancouver B.C. btw @NA true. I just think this venom comes from the fact that as a group their claims are immediately shot down and people immediately call their lies. Finding them is a whole other story. @Scott I'm not sure what the context is? And no, I have no idea who those people are. Eric Tenkar, from "Tenakars Tavern" fame usually likes to publicize tabletop Kickstarter fails, but usually only the one's he's been part of. It might be worth shooting him a message, but frankly the rabbit hole goes so deep and is so twisted, that unless you've been paying attention, it would be tough for somebody to unravel <url>"luxury books" which don't exist in the first place. Has anyone tossed this at Tabletop Gaming News or Bell of Lost Souls? They tend to post a lot about miniature news. Let's get some gaming media in here and see what kind of fun we can bring! I don't want Kickstarter to close the Comments down. I want them to demand ADW present proof of their claims, and when they can't, suspend their ability to comment or send updates and instead have Kickstarter send us an update advising of that fact. I will gladly comply with any order coming from a judge. kinda like the reverse of buyer beware. Scammer beware. they are just outraged, that the their scams worked when it was just scamming schools, or corporations... but they tried to scam a crowd... you have 239 people who potentially are digging out their lies. That is more scrutiny then they expected. You scam an internet literate group of gaming geeks (term used lovingly of course), you get a group of angry, very tech literate, group would could give a PI a run for their money.... well they would have to show up in court. Does anyone here think that will happen? meh. I thought the Sabre Tooth t-shirt was cool so I pledged for that. If you can't even ship that yet since you obviously have the artwork for it, I'm done. @Zoroaster100 I suspect that if the campaign was still in its funding phase then Kickstarter would have probably suspended it, pending an investigation, but since the campaign is long ended, what's the point of "closing" this down? Personally I'm glad to be able to still communicate and talk with fellow dupes. @Scott The only issue I can see is whether or not the sculptor actually received funds for their work as ADW is claiming. I'm not sure how they prove to you that they weren't paid for their work. At this moment, unless you are able to deliver the miniatures offered in this KS, ADWGamges is in BREACH of your contract and obligations to all your backers here. Your failure to obtain the original sculptures, which you have offered to your backers and apparently claim IP right too, merely shows how incompetent ADWGames operates as a business. This is further demonstrated in failure to fulfill a single commitment made in your updates, KS comment section and ADWGames web site. At this point my anger is building beyond ADW to Kickstarter itself for permitting this farce to continue. Anyone have media contacts especially media that cover Kickstarter or the miniature and gaming industry that can cover this mess and ask Kickstarter some pointed questions? Just so it doesn't get buried here is my agreement with the sculptor. Note the exclusive rights: <url>"Nigerian Prince" @Alkettory.. lawl.. they literally just copy/pasted it. They didn't even bother to remove the annotations. Unreal. @Susan Taylor is in violation of the Wikipedia Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License License by copying text from <url>#121 without the required attribution. @Turk Exactly. It would be the simplest thing in the world to clear this up. But they can't because it's not real. @N.A. Jones +1 @Tyler - Good work, that's hysterical And while the evidence mounts that they are frauds, they have not done a damn thing to disprove it. How about a nice photo of Dina standing with the sculpt team in front of the casting equipment? Here's the new contact location photo. Apparently WCT moved from a historic Halifax building to the Méjanes Library in France last night. <url>"company;" artists' claims of not being paid for work, Andrea Sfiligoi dropping his association, fake office addresses, links to other known scams, abusive comments, bait and switch of the work shown during the campaign, running kickstarter campaigns in rapid succession before fulfillment of the first, etc. etc. then I think it's time to face facts. We got had. Their long, pseudo legal speak confirms one thing. The sculpts for which we backed this project are gone. They are unable to deliver what we backed for. Why they waited till now to explain this to us is open to your own interpretation. For anyone mistakenly scared by their post - note that they are still not providing the physical location of their offices or contact information for their attorneys. This is all a shell game. I strongly suspect with the way they're now suddenly posting updates, they are trying to put up a front of legitimacy in the face of all of the chargebacks and are buying time and muddying up any investigations that credit card companies or Kickstarter might be involved with. Either that or they have a much bigger "whale" they're after Frankly, I just want the 3x Elasmotheriums I pledged for or a refund. They look great, I don't really want/need the extra stuff, and would be happy to trade all of the extras for another Elasmotherium...if and when all of this stuff gets sorted out. I still have hope, but hope is often the denial of reality... For my own part, I'm SOL, since my bank wouldn't do a chargeback after 60 days, so at this point I'm out $70 and I'm only keeping up for the LOLZ. @N.A - :) You make a lousy mark Trevor I'm just at the point now I don't believe anything they say. @Trevor: For what its worth, I read that as the content having been developed many years ago, not the miniatures. @Tyler Pretty funny. I love the chest thumping about IP and copyright infringement. I need to go make some popcorn. 'We look forward to a satisfying resolution to this matter in the very near future and to providing you with the miniatures and content that were developed by the core team many years ago.' So now the miniatures were developed many years ago. Sure. Well I guess what they say is true, "the best defense is a good offense." When you've got your back against the wall and you're lying it seems like going with threats and a lot of bluster might quell the storm and cow people. If ADW was legit, I'd expect a lot more contrition and direct contact with the backers instead of lobbing grenades. <url>"contact information". <url>… I emailed to Susan@adwgames The reply was from "her." @Jared - Was the e-mail from Susan, or Eva Walker, or Dina Walker, or Lars, or Laurence Elkins? I'm so confused. Why is a <url>"I am Sparticus!" Only 14-15? I was wondering if anyone tallied up the number of people who have posted that they have serious enough concerns with this project to request a refund. I received an email from Susan stating that about "14-15 backers [are in] cooperation with the person who defrauded this campaign." Okay, who is it? Fess up! Susan also says, "We do have a meeting with our attorneys tomorrow..." I asked for the contact information for her lawyers' firm. I would love to send them correspondence. @Marvin Is anyone surprised? They can probably do a lot of conning in two weeks. Or they even ran another Ks under a different name and are waiting for funds to clear. @DWM ..or the real "mark" getting nervous and inquisitive. With the next "update" 2-3 weeks away, is that after the next big con job? Weird, that hynyd site doesn't Google up for me, based on the phone number. It does make a showing via a "domain sniffer" or whatnot. THIS RABBIT HOLE KNOWS NO END. So everyone knows. I filed a DMCA complaint with Kickstarter asserting my rights here. If I have my way they will keep this page up so that people can gather the information posted here. With the new update/activity here, I'm curious about when a Kickstarter representative might want to jump in... Looks like the chargebacks are hitting ADW. GREAT!!!!! Only money would get those people back out from under their rock. That may help as well. seems I am s.o.l as my bank only goes back 60 days on debit cards. <url>"supposed" to be getting if a different company owns and is selling the models? It seems like *this* should be what the update was about, not the announcement that "Those responsible for sacking the people who have just been sacked have been sacked." @amporilos: I suggest you initiate the process now. Another backer posted a while back that he had gotten a direct reponse from ADW that they were not going to offer any refunds. The phone number from that site shows up elsewhere connected to an ad for tickets to see Andrea Bocelli. I called it, pressed the button for a representative, spoke to someone named Danielle, and was told it's a call center. They handle, she said, billing and such for some sort of phone apps. The number is said to be associated with an "hynyd," or perhaps "HYNYD." I've not successfully Google-fu'd anything out of that, so far. from: Yoo Jin Lee to: Scott Maurer date: Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 4:49 PM subject: Re: IAM property license mailed-by: gmail signed-by: gmail Forgot the signature stamp. So how long after emailing ADW do I need to wait to ask for a chargeback? Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Oh, good point. I would love to see a timestamped picture of Susan with the team of artists OR the large amount of Castelline/wax/whatever they needed to complete the campaign. "She" can't produce such an image. Scott Landry: end this. Kinda the "P.O. box" of phone numbers. I do notice it is an (800) number More oddities I encountered while researching: The ISBN for a book "made" by Weaver, Chester, and Tweed is not registered with any ISBN search engine. ISBN 978-0-9921135-0-6 My understanding is that ISBN assigning agencies have to make this information available be searched. Also, I found contact info for "Susan" <url>… As I understand it was gifted by the sculptor to one of the other artists, and so isn't available to cast... The mini-mammoth is in the hands of ADW. So the Mini-mammoth was not one of his sculpts. Who did that one? Does anyone know? our agreement: I agree to license Hearth Stone Miniatures LLC unlimited and exclusive rights to the production, marketing and sales of copies of the property described below. This agreement shall remain in force until either both parties decide to end it or 5 years have passed. Property: 2 sculptures of flightless birds about 2.5 inches in height described as “terror birds” 1 sculpture of a wooly rhinoceros about 6 inches long and 4 inches high described as an “elasmotherium” 1 sculpture of a lion about 2 inches tall and 4 inches long described as a “cave lion” 1 sculpture of a saber toothed tiger about half an inch tall and 2 inches long described as a “saber toothed tiger” 1 sculpture of a doedicurus about 2 inches tall and 4 inches long described as a “doedicurus” 1 sculpture of a dinohyus about 1.5 inches tall and 3 inches long described as a “dinohyus” Collectively referred to as the property below and above Consideration: I agree to deliver the property to Hearth Stone Miniatures LLC. In return, Hearth Stone Miniatures LLC will credit me with the sculpting of the property and render any agreed upon payment for the property or my services. Yoo Jin Lee September 1st 2014 @Benedikt Hekt: My credit card has provisionally refunded me the amount of my pledge. My credit card has not advised me of any dispute by the merchant. If ADW were to file a dispute, I will of course present all the evidence that other backers here have been kind enough to gather and collect. Be sure to take full screenshots of any evidence you find. I snagged the post on Dina Walker's facebook page promoting this kíckstarter. This shows substantive evidence that she *is* the same DAW. Words mean little if they can change their webpages. Screenshots make for better evidence. Pic = 1000 words that sort of thing. Scott, keep us updated on what you are doing please. BTW, were the minis all "out of scale"? No? I did not think so. I did get me refund from here, and I hope it came out of ADW's pocket, but I fear it was just from some kind of insurance, which would be a shame. I am not an expert on chargebacks. @zoroaster100: So ADW did not dispute your backcharge, and you got your money back? Is that correct? Thanks so much for the support here. this means so much to me. Scott Yes, thank you Scott. I'll definately be sending some of the money I get from my charge back your way. Oh, wow! It's good to see that all the personel problems this kickstarter has had are being resolved peacefully. I'm sad to see Lars go, but it's good to have you on board, Sue, and I've already contacted my bank to undo the charge - BWAHAHAHAHAno. I'll believe it, at this point, when I see it. I've already written my letter to them - we'll see if they get in touch. Scott, you're doing god's work - all my strength to you and co. Although, in my correspondence with the concept artist, I got the impression he wasn't paid, either - so they don't even own the pictures on the front page. Legally, you should be in the clear, though you may be better off trying to get a professional's advice. Try a local Uni? Wow. I hadn't been following this closely, but clearly everything has blown up. Since the product was supposed to be delivered yesterday, I guess I'll start the notification and documentation process, then contact my credit card company. This entertainment wasn't worth the money I almost spent here. @N.A - I was thinking along the lines of proof for the CC, so they don't think Scott is scammer #2 @Scott - thanks I'll post something here tonight. @ampoliros Two things: First, conmen don't take people to court, because then they have to reveal their real identity and expose themselves to a whole bunch of scrutiny they'd never want and secondly, if they failed to pay for the sculpts with their contracted artists, then that is a breach of contract and they have no ownership of the IP. ADW Games and purported parent companies certainly are into providing entertainment - a whole new genre of their very own. without some legal stuff to back them up, that is @Scott - I'm just worried it push came to shove your words will just be seen as words and not be seen as further evidence to the google doc Here's the google doc: <url>"whales" must be checking up on them and getting nervous so they have to do something to make themselves look good. Scott, no offense intended, but I plan on using your response when I contact my CC for my refund. Can you show your legal ownership? (May I use your words?) And with that, Scott wins the internet for the day. The fun never ends when the Ice Age is involved! @scott +1 They will take no legal action because doing so would require them to provide real names and addresses. The con-men behind this scam threatening legal action? Now that's funny. This is better than the afternoon soap operas. Susan, You have no legal ownership to assert here. you never paid the artists and as such they retained the ownership to their work. Work which I now have license to. Hearth Stone Miniatures LLC is now the sole owner of the reproduction rights and owner in fact of the sculptures in question. I hereby demand that you remove all images from your kickstarter campaign associated with my intellectual property and write a public apology to the backers (this includes me) for misleading them with material you cannot deliver on. I know legal demands will fall on deaf ears since you folks have utterly failed to provide a valid address for process service. I will not be cowed by any demands you make and would appreciate real and substantive disclosures from you regarding the nature of your business adressing the concerns made by the backers of your campaign. Thanks, Scott Maurer My response @David - I presume you are joking, right? But just in case, the British spelling of major is major ;-) Notice the year for the Oct 17 showing? Hello ADW Games has been notified that you are producing exact miniature replications of our corporate intellectual property in coordination with an ex-ADW employee who has breached her contract, stolen corporate goods and information, and agreed to a non-compete clause. We hereby demand that you remove any and all terror bird or ice age mammal miniatures from your website immediately, or we will be forced to take all legal steps required to address said illegal use of our intellectual property and copyright, and damages related to same. I look forward to hearing from you on this matter at your earliest convenience. Regards, Susan Taylor Never mind now I have heard from them. LOL. They are playing for time. They have announced an update in more than a weeks time - like they did in the past. Something went wrong, again we backers are to blame because we are so negative and enjoy throwing loads of money at KSs we want to fail - it is always the same. They are just changing the names of the people. This is either because they want to stop us from asking for refunds until it is too late, or because they need the KS as a front for something else. If they really were on track with the KS, they should post just one finished sculpt and prove that they own it. Just one. I've not been contacted. Just FYI. I wonder if someone else's interest in producing these is the cause of this latest song and dance. I'm just stunned. Really? Ya sure. Whatever. @ David Weir - just an FYI re Canadian/British spelling: we do spell color as colour and honor as honour... but Major is still Major. @ spade413 - Pure Awesomeness... and accurate too! This is such a farce at this point that it's comical. At this point I really think Kickstarter needs to step in and demand answers from ADW, including a valid address where service of process can be delivered, real names of people involved, with proof of id, etc. I can understand that Kickstarter can't always vet things to catch every possible thing from getting onto Kickstarter, but once we have this debacle, surely now they should step in and provide us backers a notice of what action they are taking? As I posted on the Update: @ADW: Please provide a valid, verifiable physical business address for ADW (not a PO box), where backers can serve legal communications if that becomes necessary. Several backers reported they investigated the addresses previously provided and that those were found to not be real or valid addresses. Also, please confirm that you will not dispute any backcharges from those who (understandably) have processed credit card backcharges since the unprofessional behavior from the ADW representative on the Comments section in the past month. At this point the only thing I want from ADW is a full refund for myself and all backers who have requested it. wonder what the next twist will be... It's like a gift that keeps on giving, isn't it? @spade413: yes, that is what they are saying... I have no idea what they are trying to achieve with this. Has Susan apperead before? She writes as if we are supposed to know her. Also, who is this Mr. Elkins who has resigned and had posted on KS? An alter-ego of Lars? This is somehow entertaining... So... yeah. Riiiiiiiiiiiight. Everything is all hunky dory now? I'll believe it when I see it. My bank says I'm out of luck, so I can at least watch how this debacle plays out. It's not like I'm losing any more in the process. They ARE in Canada, British spelling. Were we just told "Those responsible for sacking the people who have just been sacked have been sacked"? I missed all the hubbub, can someone give me the TLDR version? When I got the updates I was looking for the hidden camera... At least Susan also writes "majour" like one of the other adw guys did - must be company policy. Lol. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… I can't believe that these bozos are still keeping up the pretense. The chargeback through my credit card went through and the credit card credited me the amount of my pledge. Every time I see Sacred Roach's avatar I start hearing the theme song and think of Ataru running around at the beginning of it. あんまりソワソワしないで... @SacredRoach - Kudos to you! I haven't seen Lum in a long time and your pic just made me smile! :) Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Well, rats! Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. <url>"Projects can’t mislead people or misrepresent facts, and creators should be candid about what they plan to accomplish." ADW has completely misrepresented themselves, their product, and their methods. I realize that Kickstarter has their "it's not our fault if a creator doesn't come through" blurb, but when a project is a complete scam, even a well-executed scam, and is revealed as such, I think it would just be a matter of simple human decency to at least apologize. I think all of us would welcome ADW coming out into the light to try to assert prior ownership. There are a few questions they can answer then. Not that they would have much to stand on. This user's account has been deleted. I am going to be doing a bundle deal of some kind on these as well. They are big, other than the saber tooth they are a little bigger than 28mm overall. I'm doing everything I can to limit the cost but I can only do so much. The Elas will be pricey but I need to get a master done to have a real idea. I'm not sure how much silicone the mold will take and the amount of resin. I don't think the rejection rate will be high, none of these sculpts will be hard to get to fill. They are pretty straight forward. I don't think they will be mold shredders either. Of course, I could be wrong. I'm basing this exclusively on size. Hmm.. had another look at the photos, and they're even larger than I first thought. I hereby increase my guess to roughly $10 for the smaller birds/sabretooth ranging to $40 or more for the elasmotherium. That rhino has got to be six inches from tail to horn. That's BIIIIG. Looks like they're pretty big.. especially the elasmotherium. I'd hazard a guess that if we were paying an established company, we'd be looking at $8 for the smaller ones and as much as $25 for the big guy. Resin ain't cheap, plus he's got to make the molds, and silicone ain't cheap either. Even the terror birds are significantly larger than your standard human at that scale. It's a startup, so he's going to want to make some money on it to fund future products, and the sculptor deserves to make some as well, especially considering what a train wreck this campaign turned into. I'm assuming, of course, that this is going to be an "artist line" where the sculptor is getting a cut of profits. @Scott Maurer Do you have any Idea of pricing yet? For those that missed it, i will be producing the good sculpts for direct sale. Follow me on Facebook so you don't miss the release: <url>… It does but I'm stoked for it. I'm ok with harsh. No publicity is bad publicity. Actually, i think people have been really kind. I'm pretty humbled by the response. The dakka thread is understandably harsh. I expect that as long as you're keeping up on the blog posts about what you're doing (ie. transparency), this could be a huge boon for you. Lots of very early exposure and an opportunity to start off with a product already in demand. Of course it does kind of ruin your plans for a slow start. :D Tyler, I'll introduce everyone to the corgis and show you my spacious corner desk carpeted with miniature stuff. @David - Poke around in your online account for your CC. Somewhere in there should be a way to file a dispute. If you can't find it, give them a call. Ooh, a tour of the Hearth Stone Miniatures studio. Sounds delightful. :D How does one go about filing a dispute? I've been lucky in life and not run into something like this before. Turk, sure thing! I'll post one on my facebook when I have the minis in hand, which should be Monday according to usps tracking. Anyone have ideas for how we can notify the 200+ other backers so they can file disputes on their cards before it is too late? @Scott - Would love to see a video with you in it. Obviously we are all super cautious right now so anything you can do to those alleviate those concerns will help. I want that elasmotherium!!! :) @zoroaster, by day i am a mild mannered financial services employee. By night and any spare moment i run a small scale resin casting business and paint miniatures. I am a rabid fan of competition miniature painting and fine miniatures in general. I love making cool stuff and want to try my hand at running a miniatures company. I'm a terrible sculptor and no great artist but i am good at resin casting and i think have good taste in miniatures. In hopes that other people like what i like i started this business. It is an absolute dream for me and i hope to exceed everyone's expectations. I met the sculptor of this work on a forum and i talked about partnering on some sculpts. When this blew up i was offered these sculpts. I'm honored to do this. Privileged to have the opportunity and excited to be cutting my teeth on something so cool. I hope to not only provide these awesome works but many others. Did you have any specific questions? Here is my website: <url>… Oh - i also emailed the creator via Amazon payments and reported to KS. I hate to do this but facts must be faced: Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. What the hell, it's worth a shot I guess? Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Well, glad to know the decent pieces will be coming out instead of disappearing into the void. There were, in retrospect, lots of warning signs (I'm going to run a Kickstarter for 'retro-spectacles' that let you see such mistakes and avoid them). I wonder what happened to the 2D artwork? Alas. Such is my luck. I'm suddenly reminded, though, that I do have an old Grenadier set of tavern stuff that needs painting up. And some pertinent Bones II stuff coming, I wanna say. And that Stonehaven dwarf brewer I'm gonna get. There's just too much great stuff out there. Oy. For the KS they whipped up a resin set of tavern furnishings that they may not put in the store. Well, if you like Oathsworn's stuff, I recommend it. Shipping to Canada was reasonably priced and very quick. Came in a neat little plastic package I now use to store parts. :D Ah, hurrah. I totally ignored that Oathsworn KS . . . and now am playing a dwarf in my weekly D&D campaign. He is a brewer. We're entering a stretch of storyline wherein he's participating in a brewing-festival competition. So I guess I need them to get on to retail, lol. I bought some stuff from Oathsworn when their webstore opened (missed the kickstarter), two dwarves and two pack mules. It's really high quality stuff. The pack mules are perfect. Only issue I have with them (and this is REALLY nitpicky), is that the included bases are a weird size. I'm using my own bases so they'll be consistent with the rest of my work. I don't think KS has messaging capability except to creators. I'm with you Marvin, hopefully it is not too much longer to wait. At least Oathsworn ahs shipped the Clan McFiggen dwarven brewers, and they should be here in as long as it takes to get here from Old Blighty. I give up, messaging you on Reaper forums. Add me to the list of those excited for some Dark Hold goblins . . . or, indeed, any KS that delivers at all, heh. Although I went all-in on that one so still have some waiting to do. [/rageface] Uhh.. provided I can figure out how to send messages on this thing. Nothing like blindly staggering around the interface looking for a "send message" button to make you feel completely technologically illiterate. @Scott Maurer Definitely let us know when those are available for retail. You can even email me personally, I'm a guaranteed sell. I'll PM you with my email address. I just got a shipping confirmation on taht from rebel! soon they shall be mine! I got all of them. (More money than sense, just like this KS liked) I got the pig knights! so stoked to see them, cannot wait. Can't wait for the Goblins...and Pack Rat. I noticed all three of us last posters here are in on that KS. That sounds great. Thank you will do @ Scott Please keep us posted here. @William My company, Hearth Stone Miniatures has acquired through great generosity from the sculptor many of the original good sculpts that were used to sell this project. I will be producing them in resin and putting them up for sale on my website. @ Scott Maurer - Could you cut and paste info? Some of us don't have access to FB. Thanks if possible. :-) <url>"office" added to the doc. <url>"Launch now" option to get around the review process. I think that is how a lot of these "I want to draw, but don't have a pencil" projects get started. The addresses for Evergreen Entertainment Group LLC and ADW Publishing are both mail drops with <url>… Go for it! It only took me about 20 minutes to do, and it means the bank will go after ADW, too! No point in letting them keep their profits, if the bank is successful - and in my experience, they're usually fairly committed! Hmm maybe I will try. I was only in for 25 including shipping, but that is a minimum card payment, at the very elast. Hey, guys! Guess what my BOA account had in it this morning? (A: .65c)! Guess what it had this afternoon? (A: 155.65$!) I *strongly* recommend a chargeback, especially if you're with Bank of America, if you haven't done one already. Seriously, go for it. Banks might seem big and anonymous, but they do care about their customers - and you CAN DO a chargeback on a debit card, not just credit. I wish all of you the best of luck getting your money back. And again, feel free to get in tough with me at <email> if you're planning to take this any further, or even if you just want to talk, and I'll try to point you in the right direction. My Discover card customer service said they are temporarily refunding me, pending hearing from the merchant. If the merchant contests, I may then submit my supporting evidence that this was a scam. Prob to see what we're up to. Bet her mail box is full! Dina Walker Last login Sep 25 2014 The thinking is that WE were one of the lies to make them sound legitimate to the actual museum and jewelry marks. Based on the legal risks involved, I don't think anyone should contact museums about this. They may have gone for it, IDK - but it's too risky legally to try to get in touch. Good call Aard, but to be honest, I don't believe for a moment these guys have museum clients. It's just more lies to make themselves sound legitimate. @Aard - I'll ask about that. FYI - " as this involved interstate commerce, FTC would have jurisdiction: <url>" Yes - I'm currently examining the legality of contacting museums in the Montreal area to let them know about this lot. I just don't want to put myself at risk of a slander charge... @David - will do, but note they indicated process will take 5 - 6 weeks. @John - I also suspect so. Lot of work for low return otherwise. I'm probably about to take a hit on another KS too, but there's a difference between a failed project and one that was never intended to fly. @Erica - fully agree. And it would be nice to see responsible success arise from this. The originators are hardly in a position to assert IP. @Allan Keep us posted, if the CC company keeps you posted, please. Hmmm... guess I missed all the fun. With a capital F & U to some of the people here, which is wrong on numerous levels. Unfortunately, I'm past the window to get a refund from my card, but I joined in reporting this project to Kickstarter and I'll just leave this here: Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… I would like to know whose models and artwork they used as their lure. THAT person deserves their own kickstarter and my money, not these clowns. I think we are secondary. There was a fatter whale than a bunch of $15 pledges. Some small encouragement perhaps - my cc has agreed to refund and intend to pursue further. Perhaps our MIA creators may yet find that there is a difference between scamming individuals and being a nuisance in the very much bigger world of e-commerce. Keep watching this space for more on that. I would love to get the original minis. It could be a fun campaign too...proof of life photos of the sculptor holding the mini and today's newspaper! Got the ball rolling. BTW... You have 120 days with Visa. Anyone know if pinmini is interested in making copies and selling his sculpts? I'm still interested in the mammoth, elasmotherium, terror birds, lion and dinohyus as displayed on the front page here, and I'd be willing to pay regular retail price for them if he ever decides to cast them. Did they even provide a good phone number anywhere, or just call people cowards for not calling a number they weren't given? I like how they called me out on not wanting to pick up a phone call to air a grievance. I'm thinking to myself, it's right there in plain sight what my issue is. Just deal with it already like an adult! Yet they always skirted the issue and never did bother with their made up part time sculptors and their finished sea lion and kelpie sculpts. I'm not going to post their comments on here, but consensus: we've been scammed, not much we can do, why isn't Kickstarter doing more. This raises an interesting debate on Kickstarter's responsibility. This isn't someone who was in over their head and failed to deliver, it is a serious con operation. Reflects poorly on KS if they just ignore it. Is there a way to move forward from this public relations nightmare that produces the wonderful minis we all were excited about in a reasonable amount of time? ADW? Haha...one of them found this: 9/3: "_Lars_ And, quick reiteration: I do not answer a mobile phone, (tinnitus) but I am always around to answer email. <email>" 9/23: "HL: You do not represent the majourity of backers. You do not even pick up a phone. So: you have something to hide, obviously. Any adult would have no issue with a phone cal, if their grievances were real." @John It would be interesting to learn what your lawyer friends think of this. Nevermind, found it. There Cali business reg is as Entity #200904010277, an LLC. I once read somewhere that someone dug up their business license. Does anyone know where I can find that? I've got some lawyer friends who are fascinated by this whole affair. I thought it was a bit strange when they were throwing out free stretch goal figures BEFORE they hit the funding goal. If "Lars" had any sculpting skill, I'd still be a believer. They really hooked me. Lesson learned. The old saying, if it seems too good to be true, it is. Sigh. Guess it's time to throw in the towel. So many hopes. If anyone figures out where those original sculpts came from, let us know. They were amazing. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>"paragraph" here actually added the (supporting evidence) in your request to KS? Any way I can beg for that evidence, so I don't have to spend hours filtering through these friggen comments? Thanks for any help or info...;-? Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. Sorry for the double post coming up, made a mistake on my first refund request. I got a feply from "Scott". He ignored my request for a refund, and told me that "Lars" has left the team, but "Steve" and "Chris" would continue to work on the sculpts. Yeah, whatever. Has there been any replies to the requests for refunds sent today as yet? Alkettory about 3 hours ago Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also. I think David Weir nailed it. They just got the funds from the second kickstarter and didn't have to pretend anymore so they just attacked everyone and bailed. I'm sure if they wanted to they could have posted something on their update pages on their website... like they said they were going to do. Of course those update pages have been untouched since Sept 13th. I know we aren't getting replies from the creators of this campaign, but I have a strong hunch that KS disabled their ability to comment after posting threats and people's homes. BTW, guys, if you want your pound of flesh and have a few minutes, report these guys to the RCMP. Just the facts, pls, but go for it: <url>"You should allow 15 days for the merchant to credit your account." There is a 120 day window from the time of a charge in which to file a dispute. Since the charge for this campaign happened on June 26, we have until October 24th to file a dispute. Assuming that notice is given today (September 24), and allowing 15 days for a response from ADW, a dispute should ideally be filed with DiscoverCard on October 9th, but no later than October 23rd. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also.. Notice and request for refund is a requirement of the chargeback process for the card companies. Any replies yet? Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also.. Notice and request for refund is a requirement of the chargeback process for the card companies. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also.. Notice and request for refund is a requirement of the chargeback process for the card companies. At least with the gate closed they will have trouble getting back in. .Closing the gate after the horse(Pigs?) have fled... Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also.. Notice and request for refund is a requirement of the chargeback process for the card companies. @Highlord - Maybe their camera batteries died. @Jared - From Lars Sept 4th: " The items on the KS page were not sculpted in proper scale, they will be resculpted and retain the appearance of the originals." When they were questioned on the quality (or lack thereof) of the WIP photos and constant delay/excuses of final photos, Lars started insulting people and googling their home address. @Jared It is looking like all the projects by these people (Ice Age Mammals, Band of Gnomes, Sea Monsters) have been part of one big scam. ADW not having the actual sculpts explains why I never got a photo of the models with a ruler next to them. Good on the sculptors for keeping their stuff secure. I'd be down for the stuff I pledged for if it came from another source, especially if it was a company that would actually pay its sculptors for the work they do. Ah. Oh. So none of the great sculpts on the main page? And I've been waiting for updates that showed the WIP sculpts getting to the final production quality displayed on the main page. But it seems like that's not going to be the case either? at least one sculptor wasn't paid (though I think it was more than that) and they withheld their sculpts. the real reason that thing are being redone. I wouldn't count on any of the sculpts from the main page as being released. They were amazing. They were what got us to back. It was the Mini Mammoth for me... at this point I really don't think anything is getting redone and nothing will be shipped out to people. I would absolutely purchase that mammoth and the terror birds from another company if that artist released his sculpts to them and he/she was paid properly for them. I'd love that. The terror birds were great, as was the elasmotherium & the doedicurius... if someone like Reaper or another company, or even an sculptor-backed KS, were to put them into production, then yeah, I'd go for it. There exists the possibility that NONE of the sculpts re being done. By these guys anyway. (Take the money and run.) Still playing catch up. I followed that there were some horrible sculpts that needed to be redone. But are you saying the decent sculpts on the main page are being redone as well? How would people feel if the original sculpts from this project ended up being released by another company? I think we have seen and heard the last of Dina, Lars, et al. This is insane, and I've obviously been taken for a fool. Suppose I should have known better, you can't fool an honest man. It was all too good to be true. On the plus side my Myth stuff arrived yesterday and that's all good. @Aard Yes, this could have been a great project, if that was the intention. Now it seems there was no such intention! I have reported the project to KS again, with loads of links and pics, and also reported it to my CC company. Yes, overall it was a good community, and if anyone scrolls way way down they will see I did support the project at first. But then I did not. But it is over now, good-bye and good luck and I hope I see you all backing other projects down the line. Please consider the one I got my avatar from. They have sculpts done and are starting in about a week or so. Yikes! I've been wrapped up running my own Kickstarter (only half-a-day left!), but I took a break to check out what people thought of these WIP sculpts. Yowzers! This is quite a bit of drama for such a small KS project. That's the real shame, IMO. We had a good community. If they had been a bit more moderate with their stretch goals, a lot more honest with us, and paid their sculptors, they could have had a real, supportive community interested in their ideas and products... Certainly a lot of time and effort has gone into the miniatures affair for not much return. An irony is the concepts could have worked up a good community of interest and following if the business had been developed cleanly. It did fill a nice niche and had promise of an interesting game base. @ William - I too like your sculpting from what I've seen, but it might be wise to be cautious if any flamboyant job offers suddenly appear!� Speaking of sculptors... Hi Aard Rinn, I did see the ADW melt down today and I also know you were contacted by the victim from the past whom i have been speaking with. I found out they are scammers not long after i quit on 22nd June. Then I started warning other artists i knew in the team including Andrea Sfiligoi and woodland scenics. And learned the entire team was not paid except for Andrea Sfiligoi. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I obviously never handed in my work not only because I wasn't paid but they never asked. a month after i quit, they sent me a fake cease and desist email saying that I destroyed their life by contacting other employees and i stole $600 worth of materials ( which they gave to me after i spent $400 from my saving to purchase materials for their project) But the letter did not contain that i should hand in the sculpts. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Some info cropped to protect the innocent. This was a e-mail I got from the sculptor they continually blamed for "theft" and said was spreading lies. I won't give his name without permission, since I don't want to open him to more harrassment, but this is basically proof that A) there was a team, and B) they got taken for one, with the exception of Andrea who was presumably a big enough name they didn't want to cross her. I can confirm that this sculptor was not involved at all in any of the chatter on the Reaper forums; nor have I, as Lars and Dina insinuated, had contact with him prior to my message to him today. I have seen some of the stuff you have done William. It is very impressive. At this point I would accept a large box of unused sculpey, so I could sculpt my own stuff. P.O.ed...!!! Dang. Interesting thought. That makes sense too. Use the KS as a lure, show there's interest.... With the talks of museums, mysterious benefactors, jewelry (still don't get that one)... it does make sense if they were using this as a stepping stone towards something bigger and nastier. Guess we'll have to start searching for museums with financial issues. I cannot decide if the second lowest thing they did (after personal attacks, threats and goodling people's houses) was the blatant goalpost shifting, or the digs at Reaper. Re goalpost shifting, yes I guess I was a fool for thinking I would get what you promised for the price you charged. But now saying that the sculpts in the last few updates would be the quality. Massive goalpost shift. Re Reaper. You are apparently just jealous you did not raise 2 million. Many people are annoyed at the delay (I understand)A few early birds are annoyed they will not be getting stuff as far in advance of everyone else as they expected (not coll behavior) but how many people do not expect to get it at all? I see none in the comments. On another forum there was a good theory that the main target of this scam might be the mysterious 'backer' or 'source of funding'. And that makes more sense. It was unlikely a new Ks would be successful with a lot of people potentially waring backers off, but this whole bit of sculpting and the like might well have been designed to lull the 'backer' into coughing up more funds. Makes sense to me at least. Seriously? I've supported them more than anyone, with the possible of that sad sap in for 500. In money, in effort, in time... For your sake, I hope we're all wrong. But... at this point, it's pretty much done. That you can still be supporting them after this morning surprises me, honestly - I would have stayed for the sculpts. I gave them money, and even if the sculpts were shit, I knew that risk. But a company that willfully abuses and threatens it's customers? Fuck that. I'll never support that. Perhaps they were just stringing us along long enough that we couldn't easily dispute the charges on our cards. You've seen worse from which major manufacturers? Honestly? I'd say there's a big difference between ugly aesthetics and figures that have severe issues with musculature, shape, and structure. It was cool they were making progress- we were seeing that someone was at least attempting to continue this debacle along, that much is true. Whether or not anything actually was finished is a hole other story. Bare in mind, they mentioned hiring two more sculptors, who finished up the sea lion as well as the kelpie sculpt. Neither of which anyone has seen. This user's account has been deleted. Ooo, a goodly idea! Will do. As far as mini companies... I think this might be a chance for a change. For one, we caught this early - not early enough, obviously, but people were sending scam warnings to KS *before the KS closed*. If this becomes a thing, we might be able to get them to be a bit more proactive about this stuff. And these are big-time scammers, too - not just a couple folks ripping off gamers. They've done bigger shit, internationally even... Even if this is just a little scam, maybe we can get some of THOSE dogs on their tail. I hope this doesn't have too many long lasting adverse affects on up and coming miniature companies. A lot of people are going to see what a mess this has become once word starts to trickle out there, and I can imagine a lot of people will be wary of up and coming companies unless they really have their information very clear and up front. Aard, maybe you should post the link to your new spreadsheet on the Sea Monsters comments as well. :D I know, right? I was on dakka, some dude had it sigged. I cracked up right there. Fecking A. I'm glad they have such firm beliefs. If only they actually followed them. Because it's good to laugh: "If you fail at delivering 2,000 minis in 75 calendar days, you are a fraud. there is a work ethic problem, or there is a intent to deceive. It is not the complexity of the process. I have sourced manufacturing and publishing services from vendors all over the world durin my professional life and I never saw excuses like I have seem on KS re: minis and game publishing. It jsut does not happen outside of games for some reason. And, not until the excuses we have all seen on KS Campaigns." I just read Dina Andrews Walker's comments from 12 hours ago: Is she loosing it? Are we witnessing a detachment from reality? Hey, PROTIP for all you KSers out there: If someone can spread the word about you, they can also spread the word against you! So, in grand ADW Games Kickstarter spirit, I bring you: AN AARD RINN SPECIALTY SPREADSHEET! <url>"finalize" their pledges. I wonder if that is an avenue to explore with amazon, paypal, banks and credit card companies in getting refunds? Well, the New York address is fake; someone I won't name tried to serve them papers and got warehoused, apparently. I'm inclined to believe that they are, in fact, in Canada - hell, give me 1k and three days, and I could have a fake business running out of NYC, it's not that hard. Oh, I'm having all sorts of fun using Google's reverse image search: <url>"The guy has many alias' he goes by Henry, Lars, Steven and several more that I can't remember off the top of my head. She is always Dina Walker. They claim to own a bunch of companies and properties, which of course they don't. Evergreen is also fake! If they ever threaten you with a lawyer, also fake! They have been thru Montreal once before and have also hit Toronto and Vancouver (where I am from). Richard who wrote the blog on broll.net uncovered tons of shit on them. When I met them they were boyfriend n girlfriend but they have claimed to be married, brother n sister, and also cousins. We were supposed to open a bakery and restaurant together but when we got the loan for renovations, they emptied the bank acct and left me holding the bill and a 10 year lease worth $100,000 with the city! I hired a PI to track them but they went underground for a year, until they popped up in Montreal again. They are in Canada Illegally and Henry does not have ID. My PI thinks there might be a warrant for his arrest in the US, and that is why he is hiding out here. He is very smart, and arrogant. He has scammed very large companies out of hundred of thousands of dollars of equipment and supplies! They were never really in the tv business, it was just one of their scams." Hrrm... Ooo, that's a good point! Maybe! Fairly certain that KS has removed their ability to post to the comments section. Either that or ADW has stomped their computers to smithereens. FYI, 5% is the typical portion of a specific population who comment on thier specific on-line forums or comments section, so a dozen is 5% here. I think we have more than 10% worried/p.o.ed about this KS who are commenting, 24 in the last three days. Not mentioning the other KS. @ ADW - Please go back and look who were excited and commenting early on in the KS Comments and you will find most of them are still here commenting, but were P.O.ed or worried now. Same group that brought others to your project and pushed all to pledge more are the same ones here now. Some are wishing we didn't tie our name to yours. Go look O_O, it's us. What happened earlier to start this Rolling Stone (RS is way past it's prime)? This user's account has been deleted. Being a novice sculpter, there was something said that I have to mention. When we recieved update #114 on the Rhino, it was shown with some basic wax over the Sculpey on a wire armature with the head closer to being finished. They said it was 85% done and that made me think. When I'm about at that stage I would say I wasn't even 50% done (thinking about TIME) [yes, 85% in materials] but finishing is much more time intensive than blocking the sculpt. Just my thought that they don't have a great handle on judging time involved at any stage of these projects. So many times they said "by 'X' we'll have 'Y' done" and there was disappointment. Found the story: <url>"finished" some model or another... a sea lion I believe, or a kelpie? I don't get it!!! Extra exclamations to see if I can summon them back, what with exclamation marks being shouting and all. Not sure, I'll ask that too! We had a slight look at thier antics back at the end of July in the BoG KS. Only 101 Comments, but they did this same thing then too. Made fun of a bid amout and a backers name because it was similar to an actors name (?). <url>"Hi my name is XXXXXXXXXXXX, I too was taken by these two scum bags in a different scam XX years ago. I have been after them since then. They owe me $60,000 which I will probably never see. They are in Canada illegally and the only way to get them is to physically hold on to them and call the cops! Please spread the word so no one else gets scammed by these two!" Names and dates withheld to protect those involved; less than three years, though. @Aard Rinn, Oh?... do tell what you can. @DWM, I completely get that. I think if this ever does get fulfilled (and I wouldn't hold my breath on that) I'm going to do a fireworks show with them. Oh, don't worry, guys. We barely lost anything. I just got an email from a man who says these fuckers bilked him for sixty *thousand* dollars. Don't knock second graders. I've taught second graders, and they've done nice work for me. Of course, my second graders didn't receive over 20,000 dollars for their work, nor were they expected to produce professional (or even semi- professional) looking figures. For games. Or museums. Made out of tin. Or silver. For jewelry. Because Doggerland. I'm in for $245, not all of it mine so I'll have to reimburse a friend. That is low DWM, what a bunch of toddlers (please pardon me real youngsters). Wish I could be that unconcerned about the $, but my pledge was a bit more (my mistake). I'm starting to think ADW is what we get, when we as a society give trophies for participation. A generation of whiners who shirk responsibility when things get tough. I heard their cleaning lady threw away all their completely finished, professional-quality sculpts, so now they have to start all over, AGAIN! Luckily, a second grader down the street has been doing some great Playdough work recently, so they'll be back with even more museum-ready minis very, very soon. For realsies! Personally I am curious if they will ever post again. I am out. I want nothing from them. My 25 bucks is gone. I accept that. So, any bets as to what the next excuse will be?... maybe it'll be that someone hacked them and sent those messages to backers?... I'm going with that. Any takers? :-) It is still there. They already have. I am not going to ask KS to delete the comment they made admitting they googled my house as I want to leave the evidence of their criminal behaviour and what kind of people they are up here for all to see. This is the lowest stuff I have ever heard of or seen on KS. And they posted it here when they have my personal email. Stupid stupid stupid. @ ADW - Stop badgering and trying to shame your backers. We all have pleged real $$$'s to see these KS's succeed, some more than others, you should treat ALL customers/investors/pledgers equally, no matter how much that amount was. A millionair's $225 pledge means less to him than a $15 pledge to someone just getting by paycheck to paycheck. Get over yourselves and do some 'real' work. Move away from the computer until you finish ONE animal and then post it. We don't have any faith you are even capable of doing that, so impress us tonight. The Gigantopithicus, tho! DAT ASS! The wolf wasn't as bad as the "finished" rhino. Oh, I don't know if they're a scam. Other folks have gathered enough proof to make me deeply suspect it, but I don't *know*. What I do know is that they're assholes who I won't support, and who are doing frankly terrible work. Dat wolf. Just wondering if it was still there. They seem to be doing a lot of work for a scam after they have our money. Although we have successfully buried their bizarre music comments - pushed them off the page completely. Go us? ruined by assholes. It made me sad, though. So many lovely sculpts... So much great artwork... no, why? Looked fine to me - virtually untouched, but fine... Has anyone tried their site lately? ...or even so much as another comment. I wonder if after today's shenanigans we aren't going to get to see any more sculpts. To be clear I'm not beig harassed (as yet I should probably qualify) - as far as I can see I'm just losing money on what appears to be a fraudulent project, m. So you'd have to find them to serve them... Doxing is illegal, yes. It's considered harassment, and you could get a restraining order based on it - whether it's worth it is up to you, although if they begin calling you excessively or offer physical threats, especially via phone, I would consider it. After all, they have your address. Of course, as a friend of mine let me know, their mailing address is a sha A question - is it any way legal or compliant with KS TOS (or US data protection law) for ADW to use any contact details like addresses or email contacts for any purpose other than delivery of the KS? Surely, if they are stalking people by googlemaps and/or sending abusive, intimidating, harassing, or other non KS delivery related PMs or emails are they not at the very least breaching KS TOS as project deliverers or maybe acting illegally, or misusing personal data in some way, and thus in breach of online privacy rules fro using information we gave KS and them in good faith? Understood. Understood, DWM. But by making the request I am attempting to resolve the issue directly, as required by my bank. well, yeah, but you have to request one before most banks will consider chargebacks. I requested a refund a few weeks ago, and even said I would take $20 on my $25 pledged and was told it was not policy to refund. Message below. ----- Dear DWM: There is a no-refund policy on IAM. Best Scott Lantry I also formally request a full refund and that my name not be further associated with ADW Games. I, personally, would like to get these folks on the phone, but I don't have a phone # to give them. If you have their number, feel free to let me know or email me at <email>... I PM'd them, but they haven't replied yet... There is a group that plays in Osu on the last Sunday of the month, but I have never been there. I now at least one guy in the group though. My brother works in your neck of the woods. Next time I head towards his area (my family are all out in Niigata) I wanted to check out the local scene. Hoping to get a rail pass and head down there this summer. Isn't there a big Nagoyahammer group or something? Highlord. Do not worry about it, I have no worries about them coming to Japan. I sent a reply to them as follows. Now I am done and will not be bothering to follow this any more. I also reported them to KS for all the good it will do. Maybe they will not be able to run their November Ks if the universe it lucky. ---- Wow, you found nearly every racist allusion to make. Congradulations. All this from someone who will not sign their name? Who is this? Dina, Lars, Scott, or some of the other unnamed people connected to this project? Fine, you stole my money, along with about 26K more. From what I read on some forums this is work as usual for you. But I am done. Even if you do finish something, send me nothing. I do not want anything from you. I am running 1 in 15 Ks that turned out to be scams. Not too bad. Hopefully I never encounter people like you again. Whereabouts in japan are you DWM? I'll keep your back covered as I'm over there constantly, and my younger brother works at one of the universities over there. I have also been attacked in both the comments and in a person message. Nice to see they can go even lower than low. All along, all along all they had to do was produce. Just produce something. Since June. Over two months. But it was just new material, new material, bad hiring, bad hiring, ultra-drude WIP, ultra crude WIP ultra crude WIP. ADW, you did this to yourself. I would post their mail, but it is not appropriate for just about anyone on earth. But apparently I am 'hiding' in Japan and that makes me afraid to come to NY. WTF? We apologise again for the fault in the comments. Those responsible for sacking the people who have just been sacked have been sacked. This is unbelievable. I had still a little hope left, I even tried to help them via email. Now this. I once again request a refund. Wish my credit union would have been more accommodating. Maybe I should post some links to Reaper's back catalog of ice age mammals? I'm surprised that the "Blue Wall of Text" hasn't shown up yet. Has that poster been replaced too? I'm with BOA, and I made sure to express to them that these were people who had a history of scamming in other fields (i.e. pretending to be movie producers) and had changed their product and lied to backers. I did it via chat - easier to communicate than email, and more time to think than phone - and was simply very polite while expressing my absolute unwillingness to be satisfied by anything less than a chargeback. A little bit of "poor broke college student" for sympathy - hey, it's true - and they were like, "yeah, sure". This is the first time I've done one, though... $60 is not worth my safety and the safety of my child. I too am glad they don't have my child's name. and a friend on another forum suggested this when talking to the kids about what is happening to their $ and their pledges, to tell them that not everyone in life in nice, or fair, or worth doing business with. Get out some sculptee and suggest that they help make some monsters themselves. Turn a bad experience into a good one... with the really little ones that is. he wanted the sabortooths. I would much rather at this point, walk down to the Smithsonian and buy him a cheap plastic figure. no abuse. no nasty name calling. no google stalking. I just got off the phone with my bank, and they are adamant they can't do anything since it's past 60 days on my card. Lame. That Reaper giant sloth with go great with all my Darklands Fomorians, who also happen to have giant sloth men infantry. Mierce Miniatures, the company who makes Darklands, have a current campaign going on, and recently announced a Fomoraic giant wolverine. You can find the link through my avatar's backer history for those that are interested. I wouldn't want to ruffle anyone at ADW's feathers by posting a link to another company's campaign. @Aard - Any advice for filing for the chargeback? I understand mileage may vary from card to card, but any help would be appreciated. I was rooting for them making a comeback. Yes, I had concerns about quality and fulfilling everything they promised, but there was progress. Now I am afraid to open anything that comes from them. Yeah, my sister really wanted the sloth (she's a tad obsessed). Gonna get Reaper's Giant Sloth instead, soon as my chargeback clears, & paint it up for her. It'll be a week or two late (her birthday is in two days) but it's a great sculpt... love the tongue. My kid was bummed too. I guess I'll just go order some from Reaper then. I guess I can spend a few more bucks there, qualify for free shipping, and get myself some Ice Age Mammals, because I don't think we're going to get anything here- be it money or miniatures. Yeah. I'm REALLY glad at this point that I pledged on behalf of the kids & got the deliveries arranged to my house - at least they don't have their addresses or real names. I already refunded the kids out of pocket, too - I'm not going to tell two twelve year olds "oh, sorry, shit luck, there are terrible people in the world who sell you lies" - so I'm now 185$ in the hole on this, when you count the 30$ there. It seems like a good number of comments have already been removed by KS. Looks like they are taking some of this seriously. Honestly, the fact that they are google earth searching for people's houses is downright scary. What's next, someone shows up somewhere and physically harasses them instead of this verbal assalt. And all this John Lennon SPAM is just that. SPAM to hide the abusive comments. so sad. I really wanted them to bounce back and show us some great sculpts. and Yes I only have $30 on this account and $30 on my husbands account because the deal seemed too good to be true. I was willing to throw away $60 on the idea that they could come through and i genuinely loved the terror birds and the mammoth. now they scare me. and that takes a lot to do. Also, if I haven't stated if publicly, I too am asking for a refund. I would rather have my money back than "free" minis that other companies are "too stupid" to produce. While our talk here is fine, I urge everyone who feels it necessary to go to the main project page, scroll to the bottom, and report the project to KS to voice their concerns. Let's all not forget about the campaign in November! I don't see a charge back between now and the launch of that from an "Evergreen Entertainment LLC" or whatever their name is, I know I will most certainly be pledging and doing my best to make sure everyone stays as far away from the project as possible. This behaviour is not acceptable and the concerns voiced recently and previously by numerous backer have had plenty of justifications along the way - this is hardly a case of backers being 'internet bullies' and more a case of concerned investors worrying they are being taken for a ride. That worry appears to be a reality and now with outright aggression and stalking to boot. Again I state this is unacceptable and I do not wish to endorse or suport a company whose staff feel they are entitled to behave this way because they think the project is too trivial for their full and professional attention. I am adding my name to those demanding a full refund from both of your projects. I will also be contacting my bank. It is clear that you have no respect for your backers. It is also clear that you are not producing the quality miniatures many of us pledged for in the first place. I request a refund of my pledge. Also, I would urge each person reading here to follow ADW's own advice in their FAQ on this kickstarter in the "Is this a woman run kickstarter?" section: "We do not tolerate hate, and neither should any member of the KS or game community." I'm not tolerating it, and neither should any other backer that the project creator has bullied, insulted, or attacked. And I also just reported you for abusive behavior, ADW. Sad to see it come to this. :( At this point I am going to join those asking for a refund. After the comments posted by ADW today this is not a business I want to have anything to do with. Why have a real company though when you can just scam all of us internet cowards? Much easier. I also have to say if your intention was to have a low-cost introduction to your business to try to win people over so they will continue to purchase your products at full value, you have failed. Personally, after your bullying remarks I will never purchase from you. This is very bizarre behavior by a Kickstarter creator. I don't think these walls of irrelvant text will keep Kickstarter and credit card copanies from going back and looking at backer comments or ADW's previous comments insulting their backers. I vouched for them on forums I frequent as well, trying to drum up interest and support. But I'm the bad guy, and a coward, and whatever other names they want to call me. I still want a refund so we can all part ways like ADULTS, which is certainly not how they have been behaving. You have over $26k of our money and you treat us and tell us we're children. Actions speak louder than words. The backers here have been adults; sadly you have not. I stuck my neck out for you and you feel it necessary to try to cut it off. At this point I'm just going to have to remind them that myself and many others would like a refund, and they can continue to wall of text that out of the front page. I'll just keep posting until they remove me and the others from the campaign. Odd behavior that every time we ask for a refund, they turn around and remind us they are giving us such a great deal on "free" minis. Nothing here is free. We helped finance it! If we aren't interested in the direction this is heading, then do the amiable thing and let all us "nay- sayers" loose. It's not like they're making any further goodwill with all the name calling and insult throwing. ALSO- we still haven't seen any finished sculpts, nor have we seen any work of the two sculptors who were hired part time. Is it time for another wall of irrelevant text to bury these unflattering comments? I got a whole slew of them in my inbox today. Absolutely baffling. At this point I don't want free minis even. I just want my money back. I don't have any faith left in this company, and their behavior today certainly was in no way making me feel any better. I just got this from Lars in my inbox: WTF is your problem No one here gets paid enough for aggressive comments from strangers. Is there an issue with getting free minis that no one else produces Despite the constant problems with sculpts, I was fine letting it ride. But after seeing just how incredibly unprofessional the project creators are behaving, I, too, would like a refund. Add me to the list in for refunds - I queried things much earlier; but gave you the benefit of trh doubt. But this? Ridiculous. The sad thing is, we still haven't seen any finished sculpts! I would still like to see the work of the two part time sculptors that were hired. never seen such unprofessionalism in my entire life. unbelievable. You wanna be a busienss men? You're loosers. I request a refund and will report this as a fraud. I honestly have no idea what prompted all of this either. It really came out of left field. I feel as a backer we should be entitled to our own opinions of the work we paid to support. I'm sorry if you don't care for our opinions ADW. Since this is such a problem for you, I would like a refund and my name removed from your project. I have to admit that I am honestly frightened by some of the recent posts. I am also formally requesting a refund and we can part amicably. I too would like my refund. As much as you seem to enjoy calling me out and insulting me, it does not change the fact that I am not comfortable with where this project has headed, and would very much like a refund. Thank you! Keeping things in writing, and public, is the wisest course. The reason why is exactly what we have seen here: the response from the project creator(s), which is quite troubling. I am extremely uncomfortable with veiled threats we see here. As a result I am formally and publicly requesting a refund. As nice as your copypasta of Rolling Stone is, it would be nicer for you just to issue a refund and move on with things. I'll post this again since things keep getting uglier. I contacted Kickstarter and they said any concerns with a project MUST be posted via the "Report This Project to Kickstarter" button on the bottom of the project home page. A refund please. Phone call has nothing to do with this. Nothing to hide. Your behavior has been very disappointing and I would like to be removed from this project, and get my money back. There is nothing to discuss. A refund. Are you trying to use google maps to see where I live? Oh, wow. You know what, ADW? No. I'm done. I'm *done*. I have been one of your most consistent supporters - I think we can agree about that, at least. I have pledged over 150$ to your Kickstarters, I have given you help in the form of my pledge sheets, I have helped you work through your own PR fuckups - I'm out. This is not how a business acts. This is not how a businessperson acts. Is this what I, as a backer, gave you money for - sudden shifts of course and rude & abusive behavior? *PROTIP*: It is NOT! I have tried, again and again, to help you. I have supported you. I overlooked your unfair accusations and abrasiveness on the Reaper Forums, despite how much it hurt me to have shown it to you so you could answer questions and then see you turn on the community I LOVE. I spoke up for you when I felt people were being unfair in their treatment of you. I advertised you to other people, putting MY name and MY reputation on the line for a dream I thought we shared. I saw the signs. I saw the warnings. But you know what? I was willing to give you a chance. I thought maybe, with some genuine support, you'd grow up. And to see this? This sort of callous, assinine, unprofessional treatment from the group I supported? Just spit in my face. It would be kinder. I'm out. I issued a chargeback on my debit card; you have consistently misrepresented yourselves, and "no refunds" policy or no, that should be enough to get my money back, especially since you are running overdue on this project and have already failed to pay all of the *quality* sculptors you had on for this project. I don't support people who hurt others. I don't support abusive companies. And I'm not going to support you, because that's what you've become. This is an embarrassment. From July: "We do have several part-time people helping out from LA and NYC and do not always have iron-fist control over things that are posted after hours. This structure has been changed and I personally apologize for any persons behaviour acting poorly under my name. This will absolutely not occur again. " Again, I'd like a refund, despite your unpleasant disposition towards myself and others backers, who helped get your project launched in the first place, and your insistence on me calling you on the phone, which really will serve no practical purpose. If anyone is concerned about this project or the recent comments, please go to the project home page, scroll to the bottom, and use the Report this Project to Kickstarter link. So then don't give us minis for less. Just give us a refund if that's what we desire. No need to call people out in such a juvenile manner. There's no need to pick up the phone. There's nothing to discuss. I've been disappointed with the direction this has headed, and would like a refund. It's quite simple. As someone who has tried to support these kickstarters, and has had good faith on the sculpts, I have to say this is pretty unprofessional. You will always have critics; a thick skin is needed for business. If this were a traditional investor or even presale funded project, I really hesitate to think that you would respond to your investors this way. It's highly disheartening. :( How about you just give me a refund and let us part amicably? Wouldn't that be easier? Classy! Thanks for the nice emails by the way. Again I ask, being "the world's best mini critic" as you guys say, where are the finished sculpts? According to the Se Monster KS we have someone who sculpts as a hobby. I have no idea what a MFA has to do as credentials for sculpting. The only credentials I want to see is amazing quality, or the quality of the homepage, which we are NOT seeing. Look at the Home page, where all the sculpts that we thought we were getting are pictured. Now look at updates 114 through 118. What happened here? When do we get to see the work of the other sculptors? Everything we've seen looks like it's been done by the same sculptor. Where are the finished models? We've seen a lot of starts and in betweens, but nothing truly finished yet. My answer is a resounding no! If you saw that Dire Wolf before this KS had closed, would you have bought it? "Things move fast now. All of the miniatures have (proper-scale) sculpey armatures completed. It is all detailing now. Three guys. part time. " Why don't you just hire a real sculptor to create these, rather than just taking a whack at it? ALL of the works you have shown us since you decided that the original, beautiful sculpts were unusable/out of scale/whatever has been no better than any child could do. HIRE A REAL SCULPTOR I'm a bit confused. We were told on Wednesday that: "(Finished) Megistotherium and Embolotherium sculpt photos will be uploaded here and on the adwgames.com site on Friday." But instead we got WIP of other sculpts including a stork? I'm not slamming you on this, I'm trying to be optimistic about progress resuming, but when you keep giving us promises and then missing the mark it is concerning. Have any pictures been posted of the WIP for the resculpts of the base 8? @zoroaster100 - From a couple weeks ago: "The items on the KS page were not sculpted in proper scale, they will be resculpted and retain the appearance of the originals." @John Olsen Hear hear. I expect to be blows away by sculpts, but I honestly thing I could carve soemthing like that out. And that is jsut not good. Honestly, I don't know what they are doing. I am waiting to see something I couldn't have done myself, and I am no sculptor. Since the original sculpts, I haven't seen that. It is the 21st of September. They don't respond to emails. They don't respond in the comments section. @John Olson, I am blown away by how poorly it's been sculpted. I'm going to do a whole lot more work (than they seemed to do on that sculpt) and find a bunch of pics for you from actual miniature artists in various stages of sculpting so you can get a real idea of how bad that sculpt is. I would be curious to see a final sculpt, any final sculpt. @John Olson: Sorry but I am not blown away by the gompotherium sculpt. The pose looks off (look at the legs) and it looks like the tusks curve with the trunk as if they were flexible too. However, I know that is a WIP so I would not judge it until final. But where are the finals for the ones we had already seen on the main page when the Kickstarter was running? Which ones will have to be redone from scratch by a different sculptor? The miniatures style is a matter of taste. For me, the minis were a bit too cartoonish at first, I only got in when the deal was to good to pass up and because the miniatures are unique - for my RPGs I can really use quite a lot of the creatures and AFAIK there are very few others for the creatures offered (my players have started to summon monsters quite frequently, and somehow they tend to summon dinosaurs, sabre tooth tigers etc.). I hope the poses will get more dynamic again, like the running terror bird, but otherwise I do not mind a more realistic and less cartoonish style. I already have the Wargames Foundry Terror Bird, but for gaming I need a few more - and I hate to repeat sculpts too often in my games. Thus a bunch of those will be very nice to have. I hope the finished sculpts will be similar to the ones shown at the start of the campaign. The Gomphotherium they have just shown is actually quite nice - I think it will be rather fine when finished. I am happy to see that work really is progressing now. If the finished sculpts come close to those from the front page, I will be very happy with the result. Allan: I wouldn't recommend dropping published rewards - that's against the KS ToS and would open the door to claims that ADW failed to live up to their obligations. Also, as backers have *already* been promised a discount on new ADW items through the end of 2015 - it'd be kinda hard to replace rewards with a future credit. Furthermore, at this point, nothing has yet been delivered. I don't know how many backers of this KS would be willing to accept "future credit" on future products when they haven't seen the final product on this yet. Before anyone responds to this I'll add a disclaimer "In no way is the above an attempt to suggest ADW are not planning to fulfil the terms of this KS. Nor is it an implication of any desire to see this (or any other KS) fail." - just wanted that to be clear. An issue for me is that the whimsical style shown at the start of this KS is disappearing, and that was the novelty that attracted me. I'm not being critical of what's being done - there isn't enough detail yet for me to get a feel for the finals - but it seems a different product. The whole thing seems to be trying unsuccessfully to fill to many niches. I like the Doggerland concept as fantasy, but can the same miniatures complementing it really be compatible with museum and jewellery requirements without compromising each application? Amid all the doubts, I've wanted to see this succeed. The focus has been on sculpting lately, but the logistics still to come in sorting out highly individualised orders and the costs of doing that will be huge, and shipping alone will be a big additional cost on ADW due to gratuitously lavish offers along the way. While it's been said many times this is a lose-leader, the only value of that strategy is to secure a customer base, and even then loses need to be contained. Perhaps ADW should consider hastening more slowly, going back to the original basics and removing the overburden that has built from too many acute decisions. Give those who wish to hang in an attractive credit on future product, and those whose goodwill is frayed a refund but with options to fold back in later. These are still far below what was on the KS main page during the KS. So, is everyone sufficiently blown away by the Gomphotherium? Same here. They have to order T-Shirts too before fulfilment... I am still extremly sceptical. The WIP are also still extremly rough, far from the highly detailed sculpts from the front page. I hope they are going vastly to improve in the final steps. @Stuart - the only survey I've seen here was for my postal address, early July. As I added extra for add-ones I'll be interested to see what, if anything, happens. @ Aard_Rinn - well summated. Hell of a way to run a railroad. "Ultra smooth look" - except there should be texture on the minis. There was certainly texture (i.e. fur, feathers, etc) on the images of miniatures that were used to get people to pledge during the KS... If you're in any doubt about what i mean see the cave lion and terror bird in yellow images. I'm hoping that this is me misunderstanding Lars and that this confusion will be cleared up. I seem to be doing a lot of hoping when it comes to ADW games KSs... For those who pledged for a t-shirt - have you had your size survey yet? I hope the final sculpts look 4-5x better than the WIP. I love to see the works in progress. We have still haven't seen any finished models from the new round of modeling. I think seeing even just one that is done to the fantastic detail of some of the front-page models would assuage my fears. I see the table dressings and books about sculpture in the pictures to make it look really fancy, but it feels contrived. Please, please make a model to the final detail so we can be confident in the fact that you have an artist capable of producing what we pledged to help create. Yeah... at this point, even for me this Sunday had better be impressive. If not... I wanted this company to succeed. But I'm not seeing a commitment to succeeding from them - and that, combined with their own unprofessionalism in responding to backers and the evidence I've seen of this being connected to other frauds, are too much for me. I held out to the very end for these guys - god knows that - and I hope everyone gets what they ordered who's sticking in, but... I'm an unemployed college student. I don't have enough money to wait this out beyond chargeback... and frankly, I can't believe in this anymore. I hope you guys succeed, ADW. I hope you blow me out of the water and I do get a package by the end of the year from these, and these are awesome, and all that... but, well... let's hope for a good Sunday. Scamasaurus Rex At least we got to see some progress here... IMO the new ToS are a much easier & clearer read. They also don't apply to this project. KS has updated their TOS <url>#section4 I've said this before on other forums and such that my viewpoint is that I'm a patron, not just a backer looking to get product. When I back something I do it because I not only believe the product will live up to my expectations, but that the company will too. Now, I've been lucky up to this point in the 40+ KSes I've backed, but this is the first one where I reacted to the 'great deal' everyone else was talking about, and sorely regret letting my scruples slip... and, as far as I'm concerned, I am putting my name to it as well as my money. I've privately sent them a message through the 'Contacts me' button explaining this and asking for my money back, but moreso that my name not be associated with them, and have not heard a response since August 17th. This is but one of the problems I have with the way they have run and communicated this KS. The representatives of the company should be embarrassed and apologizing for much of their comments here, but instead they blame everyone else including the backers. If you don't think that's the case after thoroughly reading over their comments here and on the Reaper thread where a representative responded to posters there, or even in the FAQs below, then.... yeah [[shakes my head and walks away]]. Good news about the minis. I look forward to pictures. There has been communication issues and a lot of KS rookie mistakes. Things have not been run well combined with the PBS scam alert and some of the other background info that has turned up made people lose hope. I'm holding out for the rest of the month to see how things go. They're communicating better now and I'm dying to see SOMETHING since all the original sculpts have been scrapped. I'm willing to hold out for the new due date, but any more shenanigans won't be tolerated. I actually think that the yoyo effect is due to ADW overcommunicating. That's counter intuitive, so bear with me. This campaign has had more updates on it than many campaigns of greater length and from longer ago. I think that ADW so much wants to express confidence and let us in on the stuff that they're working on, they've often said things before they were completely rock solid. Now, if I'm right, that's totally on them and they need to fix it going forward. But it certainly is an alternative explanation for the yoyo effect. I agree with everyone who wants to see the sculpts. That's going to go a long distance to building confidence back up for everyone who's concerned. @John Olsen: I feel the same way. It's not about delay. I've waited much, much, much longer on other Kickstarters. I just didn't really hear answers that made sense to me. But I hope I'm wrong. And I tried to contact them using that button, the creator says they forwarded it to the Chairman, who has never responded. @Lorcan M: For me, nothing is adding up. They have sculpts, they scrap the sculpts after the KS closes. One day they promise pretty much anything you want, then they can't produce the simplest request for a week. They claim they don't use freelancers in their FAQ, then they blame freelancers for the shoddy work and delays. They claim to have years of experience in sculpting and casting, then claim they used the wrong materials to do the sculpts. Then they can't get the right material for a week. At this point I have been yoyo'ed one too many times. The sculpts I saw and kind of liked are not the ones they (may) deliver. Basically they have the money and we have no idea what we are getting. @Lorca M.: If I could delete my comments here I could. While I am comfortable with my decision, it was not my intent to make a stir on the comments section about it. I wish I had just sent a private message to ADW and addressed it directly with them again, but I don't think Kickstarter let's one edit or delete one's own comments once posted. I wish luck and success to the backers and hope that it all turns out for the best. @Nergal @John Olsen @zoroaster100 You guys have to do what is right for you. It sounds like you have basically given up on this campaign. That's your call. It is possible that this is the longest con, but we don't really have much information right now. I'm choosing for present to believe that ADW is going to get communicative over the next few days and weeks and that this bumpy period will come to an end. Perhaps in a week or two I'll have to eat crow, but it seems like producing pictures of the sculpts in progress and well as all of the sculpts and promotional materials thus far is an awful lot of specific work not necessary for other grifts that are probably also much more profitable. Right now, it all looks like shadows on the wall and the internet being the internet to me. For now, endlessly reprocessing and going over and over it doesn't seem likely to go anywhere. I seriously doubt I'd get into selling them. I already have a second full-time job. I don't need to add a 3rd to the mix. o.O I make so many sets of my own terrain that I get my money's worth out of just about every mold I make. (It's all been Hirst Arts-based stuff to this point.) But in principle, I've got to agree with you - I try to keep everything as square as possible (both on the x-y as well as x-z and y-z) so it looks good. Kevin, if you are looking to eventually sell, I would advise you to PLEASE keep your dimensions perfect. The thing I like about DF is that no matter how I do a layout, or how big it is, there are no gaps due to slightly off tiles. :) I'm debating making some custom gaming terrain (ala Dwarven Forge or Hirst Arts), and debating whether to use Sculpey, Castaline, or Monster Clay. I make my own silicone molds and pour resin. (BTW, with the type of resin I've found I really like, the cost really wouldn't be much per figure, at least when bought in bulk.) This user's account has been deleted. I am still waiting for KD, I know what patience is :P I do not want to rush them. Nice miniatures is what I want. I am just worried because they always say that they lots of things nearly ready, but not much we can see. I think they can do it, though it's unwise to pressure them to rush. I'd rather they take the time they need to make better miniatures than to whip them up just to please the gripers here. From what I've seen, none of these figures are hyper-detailed like we'd see from a Games Workshop or Mierce Miniatures, which means far less detail work. @Kevin: do you seriously believe that they will sculpt the large miniatures they have promised in the course of the next week like thy are repeatetly saying? Delays are no problem for me, but it want to see what they are doing. @Kevin Rau: This has nothing to do with normal KS business and being late. Most KS projects run late. Some never deliver, still Ok with me if they try. Go read: <url>"Contact me" button on the left to reach them. Good luck, I basically got the run-around. I reached out to my CC company and resolved it, even though it was way past the time limit. Remember, you haven't received any product. In fact, they have withdrawn the thing you are interested in and haven't shown you what you will be getting. Dear ADW: I would like a refund. Based on everything that has happened since the Kickstarter closed, I no longer believe that I will ever receive the product that was advertised on the Kickstarter. I hope for others' sake that I am wrong but at this point I would just like a refund. I'd even settle for a refund minus the 10% charge that ADW had to pay to Kickstarter. Please confirm if you will agree to provide a refund. Strange. I am taken to a page saying that the profile does not exist or the link is broken. Must be a fault with my internet connection. @Nergal - are you sure? I just clicked the FB link on the side of this page and it took me to Dina's FB profile. Link to Facebook does not work anymore, cannot find her there with a manual search. Update #103: "We have elected to resculpt the miniatures created in sculpy in Castilene, in order to save steps in creating masters that would need repair, and recasting. Castilene is the standard medium that is used the world over for toy prototyping. The sculpy route was chosen early on based on poor advice. We have corrected the path, at significant personal expense, because we are not going to produce and deliver inferior product." @Guido I guess they were "not to scale" for 25/28 mm gaming. This user's account has been deleted. I, for one, am willing to wait the additional time for a better project. Since there appears to be a little time available... I wonder about the "footprint" of the minis. I, like others, use Hirst Arts, Dragon Forge and other molds to create terrain. For the "man sized" figures, being able to fit the "footprint" within a 5' square (about 1"/2.5 cm) and the larger figures within at most a 2"/5cm square makes for smoother esthetics and game play. Would it be possible to show the minis on a grid marked off in 1" squares (which I believe would be better than using a coin as well)? Some sculpts up for Sea Monsters at least. That's encouraging. Starting to feel like I got taken for a ride, guess I'll just keep an eye on the update page and see. I know we got the survey, but my understanding was that that was not the final word. Is there going to be a Pledge Manager? Is there one and I just missed it? This user's account has been deleted. THIS from their new "official" communication site makes no mention of continuing KS Updates. Thus the outcry. "Additionally, we are officially moving all corporate communication re: IAM Kickstarter to this collection of Update pages, as the comment section on the Ice Age Mammal KS has been a forum for redundant questions for quite some time" 2000th "unproductive", "ill-considered", "reactionary" or "repetitive" Comment. In my opinion a lot of this seems to be an epidermal thickness problem. This user's account has been deleted. /facepalm. He still doesn't know how to spell majority. At this point I'm just going to bow out until October. Set the expectation to zero and maybe I'll be pleasantly surprised. See you all in two weeks. After repeatetly citing ADW on SM this is what they replied: From S. Lantry: Comments on the Updates will be monitored. The comments on the Comments page for IAM, will not be monitored. As mentioned, they have become unproductive, ill-considered, reactionary and repetitive in a way that is counterproductive to the success of any civil communication pipeline, counterproductive to the project and not representative of the disposition majourity of the Pledgers. I reiterate for the final time: 1.Updates will happen once a week through KS. Updates will occur as a posted "Update" not a daily entry in the "Comments" section. Perhaps that is the misunderstanding? 2. More frequent updates will occur on the Adwgames.com site 3. We are not answering the comment board on IAM, as the overwhelming majourity of the Pledgers feel that it is not representative of said majourity, and it appears as if a handful of people are asking questions that have been answered several times. As such, neither the project, nor the majourity of the Pledgers, are being served by that mode of communication. At least for me it was never clear - that they are usning the update comments - that they will be posting updates here as well. Also, leaving the comments due to backers request is just plain silly, if it is the truth at all. I also got the E tono... remark, in the SM comments. i passed it back to ADW. This is all from June... "We start Band of Gnomes in about 3 weeks and, will have updates every day on this KS as we move forward towards delivery. the only variable at the moment are permits for the manufacturing location. Otherwise, we are about 6 weeks ahead of schedule. In any event, we will be providing complete transparancy and support throughout the process." "I will make a cryptozoology box set myself in one week yes the spincasting team will not like me, but I am rocking a bit scifi in a high fantasy/lost world...." "this is the night sculptor: damn if you get to 20K, I will sculpt a chupacabra in three poses myself! and ask D to put it on adwgames.com for $10 I am the wierd cryptozoology guy on the team you have no idea what my folder of potential minis looks like best for a CHILL or UNKOWN ARMIES game" "Crypto box 1 &2 have 10 minis each. available July 17." " my name is Lars and my last name is one of the doggerland family names. I am the Scandinavian that elected to stay up until dawn (sans dance music or extra party favours). I just like to sculpt historic minis. No one else is doing that." "we will update weekly on sculpts WIP/Greens that is only fair, right?" "Well, the goal moving forward is to get the basic 8 out asap and then the rest out hot on heels. We are waiting for an electrical permit, but nothing stops the sculpts. And, we want everyone to promote adwgames.com when they are happy. And, it is my life mission to make certain our friends from this KS are happy with what they get." "the plan the is to have a few poses for each mini that is best for the company in the long run, and good for our 236 pledgers. if there are multiple poses, we will ask each and every one of you which you prefer before we ship" "there are so few people on this KS, we can personalise your bases. attached or non-attached, round or square, we will make it work for you" "So: Mammoth. We did not reach that goal. Well...I will have one made and offered later in July to this KS team at cost." "I think sending them out as the are produced makes the most sense. That way we start fulfilling a little over a month ahead of schedule. And, good word of mouth makes the company rock!" "The add-ons available at adwgames.com will be up and running this weekend. Along with a comprehensive list of new animal minis and box one of mythical creatures. We hired a new sculptor for Gnomes, so we can stay ahead of schedule." Caveat emptor I guess? Just got finished reading through a few things at Dakka Dakka and Reaper and all I can say is that I wished I would have known a few things before pledging to this project. Ugh. I was fooling around and found I was backer 266 on this project. A lot of people must have dropped. Then again, I never understood fine art, so I'm not particularly qualified to comment on the relative value of photographs. What's interesting.. Take a look at <url>"fine art photos" are taken by either the aforementioned Scott Lantry, or an E. N. Walker. Says "E.N. Walker is a graduate of NYC's Fashion Institute of Technology and has successfully held careers as a television actress, stockbroker and entrepreneur." Interesting match with Dina Andrews Walker, who also studied at that same school and has done acting work, according to her facebook page and imdb profile. Scott Lantry is advertised as having worked for "hundreds of internationally recognized brands and dozens of Fortune 500 companies", of which zero are listed. This is a lot of talk for the purpose of selling hilariously expensive 11x19 photos, like this treat for the low price of $1100: <url>"majority". Whatever, at this point I'm just going to sit back and wait. If I get something in the mail, great. If not, I'll consider this a lesson learned. I get a lecture on civil discourse when they effectively said they will e\ignore everyone in the project in any kind of public forum. Nicely done. BTW, how will I see any of your progress unless I go to your closed, private site? When things arrive in the mail? Latest email Dear DWM: As a reminder, ADW is extremely happy to cooperate and communicate with our Pledgers on both projects in every single aspect thereof. We also recognize that the majourity of our Pledgers expect civil discourse and a certain standard of communication from their fellows, as well as the project Directors. If you remember: È il tono che fa la musica. I expect that everyone who has the wisdom, or capacity, to keep this in mind will be extremely happy with the results of our efforts over the next few weeks. All the Best Scott Lantry A bit older On 2014-09-14 14:41, DWMoore wrote: > Of course there is not. Is the ink still dry on that part? > > Whatever. Oldest email posted before. > On 2014/09/14 22:40, scott wrote: >> Dear DWM: >> >> There is a no-refund policy on IAM. >> >> Best >> Scott Lantry For transparency: I noted on the SM comment board that I couldn't recall having been asked about my views on this comment board, and expressing my concerns about invoking 'a silent majority'. The reply is: 'The silent majourity is the majuourity that has sent emails, stating their displeasure with the state of the IAM comment board.' I was also assured concerns will be eased once the wax arrives this week and models prepared next week. This is the last I got from them: The proof, as they say, is in the pudding. You will find continual updates both in the KS "Update" Section and on the ADWGames site. I trust that any reasonable person will be satisfied with the results of our efforts in short order. Regards, S. Lantry On Sea Monsters they are saying the same, plainly denying what they have told us here. I am very happy to support a small miniatures company, and I don't mind the occasional delay, however I am getting more and more concerned about this one. Personally I feel it is very poor practice for anyone to launch a new Kickstarter campaign when when they have not fulfilled a previous one. ADW Games are now preparing to launch their third campaign... Now they announce that they are not going to update us by the agreed method, but force us to refer to a different site. The only photos we have seen of the sculpts were unfinished pieces, that quite frankly looked like they were done by an eight year old... I am still hoping that they come through eventually and that I haven't thrown my money away, however I would recommend that no one back their new campaign until until they know that ADW Games can fulfil their original commitments. FYI - If they don't fulfill their obligations... Kickstarter FAQ - Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. They have 16 days. BTW ADW, THIS is how to run a Ks <url>"I am unhappy with the direction this kickstarted has taken and am formally requesting a refund of my pledge." Since those of us in the comments are the minority, it is in their best interest to give us our refunds. There will still be plenty of funds left, although they had previously stated that they had secondary funding and didn't need to the KS funds to produce the sculpts. I will give them a few days to respond before I escalate to the BBB. At this point, if we send questions to that email: <email> Any and all email communication should be copy/pasted into these comment fields by us backers. It will be the only way to see if they are upholding their promises. Agreed I think they did just vanish They still have 17 days.They are still in contact with people... however poorly. They still say they are producing the mini. If they were complete scam artists wouldn't they just take the money and vanish? We will know for sure in 17 days. I have my doubts but realistically there isn't much we can do till then. @Dina/Lars - Can you confirm if the add-on Bunny with Gnome passed the quality and scale review? If so, have you attempted molding and casting it, either in tin or resin? Any photo/update? I knew this one was too good to be true. But I pledged anyway. Stupid. Stupid. Yeah, I was getting annoyed with the frequency of the non-substantive updates, but you know what? Turn if off if you don't want to see it. Every backer has the option of saying "I no longer want to see updates" in their preferences. It is very, very interesting that the opinion of those who don't care are heeded, vs. those who do. I find it pretty astounding that they received "90 emails" complaining about the frequency of updates on project with 239 backers. That's impressive. It's not my research, it's various forum members on Dakka. I don't take credit for any of it. I didn't have the foresight to look into this before pledging, though now I've learned my lesson. This user's account has been deleted. I wish I'd done my homework before backing this project. We have Evergreen Entertainment LLC, who our payments went out to, on a warning list for fraud on PBS, along with Food for Thought. Food for Thought was a Canadian media company that scammed a bunch of companies regarding a music documentary in Vancouver and vanished, their executive producer was a Dina Walker. The documentary "Resonate" from 2008 was later produced by Evergreen, executive producer Dina Walker. Then there's No Island Media, another Canadian company who claimed to make musical documentaries, and didn't pay people for their work (Goldmine shot some footage of a guitar factory but their fee was never paid), then vanished. President/Executive producer Dina Walker, Executive VP Lars Sunderflyrr. There's also WBA Productions from Toronto, same staff as above. Dina Walker is also linked to Aquaplus.tv, another media company which if you recall hosted the forum created for this project. And now Weaver, Chester and Tweed, the parent company of ADW, located at 228 Park Avenue South New York, NY 10003. That address shows as the same one as another company called JustMedia LLC, also implicated in a hiring scam on flakelist, though without the familiar names attached. Obviously Evergreen Entertainment is the link that ties the media scammers to ADW. All the links to the relevant webpages for this info are in the dakka thread (pages 4-6). Some people in there have been doing some serious digging as this has gotten weirder and weirder, and I commend them for their work. <url>"Not in scale." I wonder if anyone has contacted Ganesha after all that's been transpiring here, and see what went down there. FYI - My understanding is that the refund option in Amazon payments goes away after 60 days. Any refund at this point may have to come ADW himself. Will they update their website with updates as well as they keep this page up to date? <url>"pin" comments. Most of these questions have been answered, but are now buried in the comments. I think a project update is called for that does a complete status update. It is also important to answer the question about refunds because it looks like this project is missing the delivery date. I'm completely confused as to where this project is, and where it is going. What is going on here? Is there a list (with pictures of course) of all the miniatures that will actually be produced for this project? Can we see it? What "materials" did the early "hire" steal? Did they steal your ability to produce those beautiful pieces that were presented when the project first started? Those pieces are the only ones of interest to me. Nothing I've seen since early on in the project has been even remotely acceptable work. Can I get my money back? World class? The IAM update page is still a 404 error. Do we have an ETA on the update today? That's really odd thinking. I've never heard of a miniatures company keeping the names of their sculptors under wraps. Who is sculpting for you really doesn't sound like any sort of IP issue, but more of a competition issue, and in a case like that, if you have an ex- employee trying to compete, I think you would want to be showing stuff sooner rather than later. I don't think you are going to get much clout saying that prehistoric mammals are any sort of IP that you can defend either. Animals are animals after all. Your Doggerland material would be a different story, but we aren't talking about that right now- we're talking Ice Age Mammals. 10 days from now puts us at the 22nd of September. I hope you have something to show at that time or prior to that. This user's account has been deleted. Prior work would be a nice indicator, as would the names of these sculptors. Maybe it's someone who's work we might already be familiar with? I'm not sure if my previous comment was missed. Please could we see examples of finished prior works from the sculptors who will be completing or sculpting the minis? I would think this would be excellent advertising to help build the brand. Thanks KS really needs options to like comments and to sticky important ones. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Lars: I read on your post that some sculpts will be worked on and others will be thrown in the bin and done from scratch. Can you please reveal to us backers which sculpts were "thrown in the bin" to be done from scratch with respect to this Kickstarter? Thank you for the honest response. As Jenney said below, delays were never a problem, but evasive and confusing responses are. Since you (Lars) have been around, we've seen a more coherent direction, and I appreciate that. I hope you understand that my concerns were based not in any personal antipathy, or from a consumer not able to get the product he wants, but come from the perspective of an investor who has put his money into a project and is seeing it (from my perspective) managed in an incomprehensible fashion. Your clear and direct answers assuage most of my concerns. I look forward to seeing the work in progress. I for one liked the size of the terror bird. :( It looked big enough to crunch on a mini and was menacing. Would it be possible to post pictures of sculpts completed previously by those who are applying the final details for the IAM? Like, a portfolio or work sample type of thing. This may help assuage backer's concerns a bit. Thank you for the frank response. I agree. I can handle all sorts of delays, mishaps, fires, crashed computers... I have seen them all on here on KS. What I don't like is feeling like I had one pulled over on me. I wish you all the best with this new wax and I hope you are able to get the sculpts that you want out of it. I am willing to wait, I just like being kept in the loop on what is happening, or not happening, as the case may be. I thank you for your responses and I look forward to this KS moving forward on better feet and on better terms with your supporters. @Lars, And thank-you for the response to Tyler - it's, IMHO, the clearest and most professional one to date. Previous posts and even information presented on this KS and the other ones by ADW have not been so. It's an encouraging shift that I hope continues. @ADW, Thanks for the response. People are willing to accept delays, but not dishonesty. Please explain why you stated categorically that you don't work with freelancers, and are now insisting that you were defrauded by freelancers. Or why a group with so much experience and their own casting machine wouldn't know which materials to use, or wouldn't be clear to their employee/freelance sculptors which scale they were to sculpt in. I'm not asking for a refund, and I'm content to wait out a delay, but I don't like getting contradictory statements. This user's account has been deleted. I'm in the same boat. I either want to see something, or want my money back. Preferably sooner rather than later. Like I said before, a lot of people were worried that Mierce was going to fleece them if they pledged for their campaign. Yet Mierce continued to show sculpt after sculpt, with continued examples of progress being made. We've been told things are progressing, but we aren't seeing anything. Time to pull back the curtains. I find myself agreeing a lot with Tyler Witter here. You ahve shown nothing in the way of progress, and have even managed to go back on that as you say you must redo all the minis that made a lot of people pledge in the first place. Whoever did most of the sculpts on the main page of this KS was talented. What happened to him or her? However, looking at updates since the Ks finished, there have either been no pictures or ones of very questionalble quality. Compare the minimammoth (the piece that got me to pledge) and the sloth. No comparison whatsoever. And now apparently that minimammoth is off the table. Will it look like the sloth when finished? On the SEa Monsters and this Ks there is a lot of picutres, and even som concept art, but really 2D paper is so far from 3D sculpts it is almost impossible to compare the two. Lars has been on board for at least a couple of weeks now, and isapparently supposed to be fixing everything. Why are there no new sculpts in two weeks? Well, there was a post of mushrooms and some kind of mushroom man, but I will hope desperately it is not the quality of sculpts possible here. I have requested a refund and it has either been ignored or passively refused. Until refunded I am part of this KS and will continue to be concerned about what is going on. From your own FAQ: "We do not work with freelancers, because they get paid once and their work is gone to them forever." I want to believe in this project, but you've now said that you're throwing away, or never received, the sculpts we saw in all the updates and on the main page.. So right now all our backing on this is completely blind, and you're sending out contradictory messages. If you don't work with freelancers, why did you hire freelancers to make the sculpts we saw? They obviously produced goods, so I have to assume either you didn't pay them, or that you thought they were hired on as full time employees, and they didn't agree. Certainly you included a clause in their employment contract that work they produce while under the employ of ADW Games becomes the property of ADW Games.. That's something even I had to sign as a cable repairman.. Or was this sculptor not under contract at any time? So you were just kidding about not hiring freelancers? Or you planned to hire this specific freelancer after the KS, and he declined? I just don't follow where this KS is going at all. I mean, if you're a new company and trying to get your feet under you, I'd expect mistakes, but you really pushed how experienced you were, so there was an implicit level of trust that I think has been betrayed. Throwing freebies at people doesn't build trust, producing results and having honest communication builds trust. I don't need you to "make it up to me" by giving deals on another product you haven't produced yet, I need to you "make it up to me" by showing me some results on this KS, soon. When can we reasonably expect to see these new sculpts that are to replace the original ones from the main page? "If you fail at delivering 2,000 minis in 75 calendar days, you are a fraud. there is a work ethic problem, or there is a intent to deceive." Those are your own words. It's been 75 days since this was funded. Just saying. @John, Thanks for the information. is scotts money back satisfaction guaranteed statement still true? If you look under "no no, show me a chart" then there are drawings of the core set animals scaled to a human (28mm) or more correctly a human is scaled to the figures. What's the proper scale even? Considering how many times we asked to have a ruler in place next to the figures, how are we supposed to be able to discern what scale they were even supposed to be in? @Josh - Another response to the same question: "The photos of for the terror birds, mammoth, elasmotherium, etc were all in the wrong scale. Our new team is re-sculpting with the same art direction, which is the property of this company, in place." Links: <url>#comment-7784296 <url>#comment-7777589 Scroll down in these comments to about 9/4 and you'll see the discussion. I saw that the Sea Monsters KS had a guarantee on delivery and satisfaction. Did this KS have one as well? @Josh - From 5 days ago: "The items on the KS page were not sculpted in proper scale, they will be resculpted and retain the appearance of the originals." Can Lars or someone update me on what the official word is on the sculpts?... I've heard that everything was scrapped, including the ones shown on the main page (ie. the Bullockornis, Doedicurus, Mini-Mammoth, Cave Lion, Dinohyus, etc.). If this is true, then is it possible to get an explanation as to why the almost finished sculpts on the main page were scrapped and where this was mentioned by the KS project creators (ie. which one of the updates)? This is very pertinent to me because I pledged based off those images since they were the ones I picked as my rewards and what I expect to receive when they are sent. If this is not the case then I have to carefully decide whether I'm gong to wait to see what the new sculpts look like or whether I try to pursue a refund. Looking forward to a response. Honestly? I would love to just see what you guys are working on, regardless of where each figure is in the creation process. You guys need to assuage some of the paranoid fears that the internet is wonderful at creating. You guys should take a look at Darklands, put out by Mierce Miniatures. Some of their updates show off nothing more than an armature with blobs of sculpting material around it. Yet every week, Friday morning to be specific, they've given updates on how everything progresses, be it good or bad, on every single project they've done. With so many models across so many projects as well, there's always SOMETHING to show off. The irony? Everyone was super worried that their first KS was going to be a big scam- myself included. I see you guys in a bit of a similar position. You've got a lot of folks worried about where their money went. Help squelch those fears by keeping us in the loop with not just updated info, but photos. For a minis project, the photos are the key. I'm sure most of us pledged for the purpose of having a bunch of Ice Age Mammals to use in games, not to belittle poor sculpting jobs. We want a successful project just as much as you do. Let us see what you've got, keep the photos coming, and if you ever want constructive criticism I'm sure a lot of us would be happy to offer it. Hi Lars, With all the behind-the-scenes sculptor drama and you leading the final charge over on the (now-funded) Sea Monsters KS, what is the updated timeline on Ice Age Mammals, Terror Birds, etc.? If you realistically aren't going to meet the September delivery date, when do you think you'll be able to finish (and ship) the miniatures? Hi Lars I know you're concerned about not showing pics of too-WIP and having backers get concerned, but it's potentially going to go in the same direction if there's no pics at all for any of them. If you want to insulate the WIP pics from the normal comments/public area, how about doing a backers-only update with a couple of the nearest-to-complete models to give everyone a sense of progress? Place caveats and warning text all around the images if you must so no-one takes it out of context but it might help to give everyone a sense of where the models are at, where you're needing to finish the details and so on. If you can't do it right now due to tidying up the Sea Monster KS, then perhaps give us an ETA for when this can occur? Any chance of some WIP stuff on this KS, too? I may be distracted by all the lovely sea monsters, but I wanna see me some mammals, to! So how's stuff going over here? Seems like you got it covered, Lars. Looking forward to see more later. You can set up a "room" and have people chat through it, in big groups, even. Set up a laptop & you could have a whole bunch of people over, although I don't know what the size limit is... Google hangouts I'd love to skype in, or you could set up a Hangout...! Yeah, I know what you mean. I'm still in the bounce-around stage of my own project, and I thank god each and every day that it's only a book. seems like you, Lars, know what you're doing. It's going into the right direction. Maybe there will be a happy ending :) By the way: Is Dina still part of the team? ou can tell, I just really like pictures. Ouch, that sucks. I've been burned by commission artists before, and definitely can feel your pain. Any chance of a few pics? I'm interested in seeing how bad the finished product actually was... :D And as y I know that it *could* have been. But which do you think more likely, that they named the most exciting discovery of their lives after some boring old ship, or that one of the researchers was a little too into Starcraft? :D <url>"quite like" justifies that. A paraceratherium in metal (if not hollow) would be an awesome model. I can understand why museum gift shops would want this; but for games use it would probably spend most of the time on the shelf, since many people won't want to carry it. Shipping to the UK will also be costly. The first few comments were heavily metal @ADW I had a look at the votes in the update 25 resin, 9 metal, a few with whatever, so I think your 75% want metal is a bit of a miscalculation, unless of course you are saying you have been privately e-mailed numbers that are inverse of the comments, which is possible but statistically unlikely Could we possibly see a post with all the "finished" sculpts? There have been so many pictures, of so many partially finished sculpts, I have no idea what you all consider a "finished" sculpt. I must admit the news that all the sculpts form the KS page are being redone makes me very worried as they were the highest quality sculpts I have seen thus far. I think metal or resin doesn't make a big difference to me, but you should honor those who backed initially due to resin and still want that material. Are any of the finished scupts we have seen being used for the final product, or are they all being redone? I might have forgotten, but I cannot remember any finalized sculpts post KS - they were mostly rough, with "sanding and detwils" or something loke that missing. Or did I miss some finalized pictures? Concerning material: I backed for resin miniatures. That is what I would greatly prefer to get. About the cost, it is your business decission, I only know what friends of mine in the miniature business have told me. What you might also want to consider is postage - I guess a metal alloy in a parcel will result in far more shipping weight and postage cost. But that is up to you. If you go for metal, I will consider requesting a refund as that is not what I have backed you for. So wait, sculpts that have been shown are going to be made? Is it just the ones that were shipped last weekend that have to be redone? Because that was never very clear, and will make a lot of people very happy... Why not tin alloy? Weight and material cost. One reason for me and one for you. What I am very concerned about is the lack of sculpts. That has been explained, but as somebody who has been collecting wargaming miniatures I am astonished about the size and price of these miniatures - I had a bad feeling about this, and the lack of finished minis is the reason why I will not consider backing any other campaign from adw. If I get them and they are good quality, I will support them again. The metal or resin question is also rather strange - every mini company goes for resin or plastic for large minis because metal casting is really expensive, and here they consider to go for metal? I personally know a few sculptors, they all leave metal casting for resin because of the price. @Aard Yes, I am in the same boat. I really want to see quality sculpts. That above all, would reassure me. I'd definitely prefer tin So, any chance of some pictures of the newer sculpts? I want to *see* things! :D Yes, I understand. I am glad that both can be chosen. And now there is a proposed material switch for the actual product. Perhaps it will make things easier and more possible to get done, but I have no interest in metal minis, and would like mine in resin or not at all. What I would like to see: 1) Answer this question: Will the sculpt pictures we saw during the Kickstarter still be the ones we get? (terror birds, mammoth, elasmotherium, etc) 2) A high level project plan. We don't need specific dates, but rough timeline and key milestones. This is a KS best practice. x weeks for sculpting, a milestone for proofing, x weeks for corrections, x weeks for casting, etc. This makes it very easy to communicate and explain delays to backers. "We alotted 6 weeks for sculpting, but were unhappy with the results. We have brought in new sculptors and expect this to shift delivery back 6 weeks. We apologize for the delay, but delivering the highest quality product is our top priority." 3) You should set the expectations for communication. When you are posting comments daily and then disappear for 9 days it is a cause for concern. Another best practice is for YOU to tell us how often we will receive updates. A lot of kickstarters will post Friday updates during the production phase, even if it is only to say "No news, on schedule." 4) Do not run a new kickstarter until you have delivered your first. Other, established, creators can get away with this, but even they draw the ire of many backers (see Myth and Recon). As a new creator, delivering a successful first project will go a loooooong way to success in future projects. @SableFox - very glad that was sorted. I dunno.. things have seemed a bit sketchy. Usually you want to finish off your KS successfully before you start a new one up, but whatever. I think even just like a "We're gonna do a progress update every Friday or every other Friday or whatever". Then nobody is going to be wondering what's up. You can use that update to say, "things are going as planned, here's some pictures" or "we're doing this or that".. you know. That'd be cool. BTW one "troll" (me) wasn't a troll. I was not the person they thought I was. I am also not anti the project (as proven by the fact I am still here with a $125 pledge). I am also still trusting they will deliver a high quality product - though I am not concerned about hitting the estimated delivery date. I'm with Trev on this one. You may have the HR issue sorted, but until you get the PR aspect back on track, the problem's not been *fixed*. How has the Sea Monster KS been sorted out? There has been absolutely no contact for 9 days and no answer to messages. There is still no info on that kickstarter as to what is going on. Here's a link, if you've forgotten: <url>~ minutes to let us know what's up... I don't think that's unreasonable... And for god's sake, either close your other KS or post there *now!* At this point, I doubt you'll be able to get enough backers back to fund, but don't just pretend that it never happened! As I said earlier - silence after announcing problems/changes unsettles people who have given you money. I don't feel you being upset/offended that several days of silence have provoked concern is at all justified. You go from a highly communicative KS (over 100 updates) to total silence. It will worry your backers. You were not complaining about chatter before the KS ended and pledges were being made. Please stop being adversarial. It doesn't help you, and it's hardly helping. And toss some pictures our way, would you? Pictures can salve many, many worries... Can you not just vanish, then? We were getting, if not daily updates, at least regular chatter, and then you just vanished, not only from this KS, but from one that you were actively running. You can, I hope, at least see why that would frustrate people, especially when their initial concern over your disappearance wasn't responded to? Well someone logged in over the weekend - they didn't *do* anything... I'm getting more than a little tired of hearing nothing. This is beyond shoddy customer service. Somebody at their end needs to get on here - address the issues in a civil tone and let people know where they stand. I'm probably too trusting but I'm still hoping they actually deliver. Unless the minis are of utterly stupendous quality I'll never touch another KS or product of theirs again based on what I've seen to date... But I still expect the contract they entered into to be honoured, since I did my bit by sharing this KS and - ya know - paying. Yeah... I might give the parent company a call, seek restitution, if there's no contact soon. Here's hoping that they're worried enough about a smirch on *their* name to see about refunds to us, or at least to get Dina and crew back on the KS, if they haven't pulled the plug... Personally I've written off the pledged 40$. I'm not expecting them to deliver anymore...if they do, I'll be happy. But looking at the past few weeks it seems like they can't handle the job. New materials, everything has to be resculpted, bad communication styles in the comment section (troll issue) and now no communication at all. It seems like their parent company has pulled the plug (I would have probably done the same thing). With 22,000$ you can't finance five? people for a few months + material costs, taxes and so forth. They'll be broke soon if they aren't already. That's why they've tried so desperatly and rushed to get more money through new kickstarters. What I'll learn from this? Only back projects the have high goals, otherwise it's not a reliable one. Expecially that Dina has given so many miniatures (terror birds and others) for free to everyone should have warned me that she can't do the business math. I keep looking at the main KS page and hoping those are the minis I get. What's going on, guys? It's been like two days, and even that was just one slim post sans pictures... any chance of someone swinging by to hang in the comments? I've done some research, you can master in high temp resin for a metal mold. I will do it if you can't. My prices are reasonable. Can we please get clarification on whether the sculpts shown during the Kickstarter will be redone and if so whether they will be done by a new sculptor? If the sculpts I relied on are gone, will a refund be offered if we don't like the new sculpts? Actually, disregard my last comment. I've given up on that front. I'll await delivery on schedule as per update 103. *remaining feedback redacted* Is it just me or does dropping an update while not responding to any comments in here seem a tad poor on the customer service front? So I run a boutique resin casting business. I know sculpy is just fine for resin cast figures and I believe a resin master will work fine to make a metal mold. So why not get these sculpts mastered? if they are done it could be knocked out in a long weekend. 28 sculps in 40-60 hours: pretty impressive stuff :-) I guess that is the power of having multiple sculptors. I suspect Castilene will be fine in terms of detail (I'd worry about the masters melting myself). I don't remember hearing of it being used for miniatures before. But I am no sculptor: and if it works it works. Castelline can get pretty snazzy results - it's very good for joins. But... It's kind of tricky. Not like FIMO at all. How much detail can be achieved with material used to "prototype" toys? How many times have they switched materials now? Three or four? And again no pictures at all. And the bit about being on schedule, how can they be? Have the last 2 months really just been extra time for them to play around? Yeah, a lack of confidence here. Liked the Cave Lion, Mammoth, and WIP on the Big Cat. Less impressed by more recent work in progress shots. Latest updates makes it sound like ADW don't really know what they are doing in terms of mini sculpting and production (misadvised on the material for sculpting the basic models, really?) and resculpting some (or every) thing is a worry - so hoping we are still going to see some reasonable minis out of this. Have to say the recent update really dents my confidence - especially as we don't even know if the sculpts many of us backed because of are going to be used (what with re-sculpting announced, and statements made elsewhere that one of the initial sculptors withheld sculpts due to payment issues with ADW). ADW - impress me, communicatye, show me stuff I want to buy, give me some confidence that you can deliver it. Please. Yep- also ordered the elasmoterium based on the sculpt. I also particularly liked the Cave Lion, another stretch goal bonus. Yeah, the elasmotherium sold me. Loved that sculpt, not a fan of some of the more recent in-progress photos, but figured as long as I get the ones we'd already seen I would be happy :\ Yes, I liked the quality of the models on the homepage (particularly the mammoth, cave lion, doedicurus, & elasmotherium) and backed on the basis of those. If they are redone then hopefully they will be the same or better. I backed this project due SPECIFICALLY the mini mammoth and the terror birds; if they're out, I am not a happy investor. @Zach It sounds like all the sculpts are being redone in the new material. Wish I knew which sculpts were being re-done. I hope it's not the terror birds or mini mammoth. Just got an update... splains some of our concerns. @ John & William. I'm in Aug too... hopefully get our notice the griffin is in the mail in the next few days! As for ADW, I hope that's is all it is... just being away for the long weekend and not realizing the problem. Lucky John, I pledged fairly late in his KS, but still got August date. I must be near the last of this round, no e-mail yet. Ho-hum ;-( I can't find it, but I thought I'd seen a comment mentioning getting photos ready before the long weekend. I'm wondering if ADW is on vacation right now. Not sure if that is better or worse, but it would explain the lack of communication which is not their style. I agree with everyone else hear. I'm not angry, but getting concerned. I've backed enough KS that I'm happily surprised when something delivers on time, but I want to be kept aware. One poor project I'm backing received their game boards this week...in a mushed pile on the truck. A horrible setback, but they shared the info and even posted the photo of the shrink wrapped tragedy. What is the state of all sculpts (base 8 and stretch goals)? Are the sculpts we saw on the home page still what we will get? What is going on with staffing? Is the casting equipment ready? What is the new timeline? Thanks and have a good weekend. I have a griffin to catch! I went to see if there was any info on their homepage or forum. The last news update on their homepage is July 21st and the forum is 116 pages of spam. I'm now getting fairly concerned. ADW - Please let us know what is going on. I'm with you DWM, just havin' some word fun. Waiting is tough. I'm with Stuart, were not P.O.ed just worried about the silence. . @ ADW - If there has been a big wrench thrown into your works, we can handle the truth. Maybe one or two of the 239 backers that could help you figure out a plan of action. Every business runs into trouble, the open and honest ones will succeed far more times than the secretive company. Most of us here are just happy gamers who play by rules, which a big part of that is commitment to hold yourself to a standard. In business that should by open dialog with investors. We want to help if we can. Just let us know what's up. Thanks for your time, Bill @William. I am glad I am so far from NY though, otherwise I'd be tempted to drop by and see what if anything is happening. I really hope big things are happening, but silence is sooooo long. I'd like an update containing pretty much the same info as Aard_Rinn. There have been no pictures of *actually* finished minis pre-casting, a vague statement that "some" of the minis are being resculpted (again it'd be good to know how many, which and what that does to delivery estimates) and not a lot more info. Before replying to this and/or other comments, please remember - We're not yelling/threatening. We are your backers, customers and the primary avenue you have for word of mouth advertising. We gave you money on exchange for a product with a delivery timetable. If we have concerns, respond - give us info. I, and I suspect many others, are less likely to react badly to problems if told as soon as possible. Knowing about delays now would be better than an update halfway through September as a hypothetical example. I'm sure you're busy resculpting and so forth, but we can't see that. All we see is what you say here - and silence isn't helping anyone. Well, it's been little enough time that we can still claim on our bank cards... Myself, I'm going to give them until October 26th, and then claim if nothing's been shipped - that gives me a whole month to get things done with the bank. Very up set - I really hope they come through, since I really have liked the earlier sculpts. I wish they'd devoted their energy to the project they had rather than buggering about all these other projects - give the sculptors busywork if you must, but they can sculpt without a KS, too... in a few days they wanted to ship... I really regret that I've backed this project. The communication is horrible. Seems like the quality is too. Their other two projects failed or are failing (Gnomes and Sea Monsters), we can consider us lucky if we get the Ice Age Minis before the company gets bankrupt... -_- Updates? Pictures? *Anything?* I'd really appreciate at least knowing which minis are being resculpted and why... And getting pictures of the finished ones that *are* going to print. Or are you resculpting all of them? So after 4 days of total silence I guess you guys have abandoned the 28mm Miniatures Sea Monsters Kickstarter? Could you let people know what's going on please? You're disturbing yourself, that's disturbing DWM. Maybe you need to get off that island for a vacation. ;-) I find my own lack of faith disturbing. Would like to echo the sentiment that I'd love to see these finished sculpts. Monday came and went, and not so much as a comment letting us know things aren't progressing as quickly as they'd like. Please just keep us informed. Open and honest communication is better than none at all. really disapointing I really appreciate your communication on this project, but I don't think we've seen a finished sculpt yet. An update with photos and a new production/estimated delivery update would be fantastic. Updates? Y/N/MS? Any pictures of finished sculpts available as yet? its monday I think they put a moratorium on new pictures until monday, while the figures are in transit. Still, we can hope! Just leaving a post, because it's been 4 days. So, I think we're due for more pictures soon......(O_O) <---me waiting I'm quite excited for sea monsters. :D And just in time, too. I promised my wife no more kickstarter after the ones I've already backed have arrived.. but they aren't here yet. @ Lars or Dina - I thought of a river/pond monster you could make in a few positions and possibly swimming along the top of the water. Duh-duh-duh---------------Beavers (along with gators) :-) @ Lars or Dina - Looking at the artist picture of the Glyptodon [ <url>#comments ] it shows hairs at neck, tail and the belly, but the admittedly unfinished sculpt [ <url>#comments ] has hair under belly and nodes on tail. I assume the head needs some finishing (ears, skull plate, neck hair,..). But, will those tail nodes be flaired out to create hairs? I'm a novice sculpter and would love to see a video or series of pictures showing the steps in creating hair with clay. I know that's a big request, but you could use it to train future sculpters in your tecnique. Did that sell it ??? ;-) So glad to be seeing pictures come together! We can take a look at it and work out how you want me to set the thing up, pledge level wise and so. Coolio! I'll take a look, and PM you back with some ideas of how to format a pledge chart, K? @Lars - I would be happy to help! Just let me know what needs doing, and we can work something out. Aard - Now you need to change your KS photo to a picture of Sir Forscale holding a sign reading "Will work for minis" ;) No problem! I love doing stuff like this - happy to be of help! You're right they weren't final looked too cool though. Seriously, thanks for putting the spreadsheet together and keeping up with it @Lars Sometime back I sent an email with the details of my pledge including the extras and shirt size, but had no conformation or response. Did you get it or should I resend it? Hm... Sloth, yes. I just forgot to copy the link... where was the hyena, though? I don't remember anything but the practice frames... @Aard - Great job! Didn't we have pictures of the sloth and the hyena too? @Aard - Yup, all better now. I had forgotten how many we haven't seen yet. I'm very excited for this weeks new models @spade - yup, I accidentally moved everything one row up while I was formatting. It's fixed, now - thanks for the heads up! @Aard - Your spreadsheets have always been the best! Thanks for putting that together. Also, when I open it, it looks like number of the links aren't on the right line? Not sure if its a problem with mine or with the sheet itself; regardless, its a wonderfully useful tool, and I appreciate it! Just wanted to say thanks for all the updates and hard work that your team has obviously been putting in. I am very appreciative of how responsive you have been to the community and our comments whether negative or positive. Woohoo! So, I've updated the spreadsheet: <url>#gid=0 with links to all of the sculpts we have thus far seen. Lars, if you have any additional sculpts that aren't on this list, we probably haven't seen them - I combed the Updates pretty throuroughly to find these. I only included finished or near-finished sculpts, though... I'd love to see the remaining two terror birds and the Simurgh... Excellent... clarity +1000! :D @ means at. So william directed his message to you by saying "at Lars". To reply to him, you say "@William". To reply to me saying this, you could write "@Aard". To sign, you can do this: -Lars -Aard O_O @ Lars- You really need to get your own Creator account or have Dina change her picture to ADW logo and each of you sign in every time first thing before you add the body of text in comment. Maybe they can have more than one account next KS? ;-) @Dina.. Sounds good, just wanted to make sure I wasn't missing anything. Thanks for the quick response and looking forward to the updates :D @Spade.. At 20 feet tall, I don't think it can really be considered a mini anymore. At 28mm scaling, that would make it what.. seventeen thousand feet high? I guess I could use a mini that represents a three mile long creature. Side note.. This was funded almost eight weeks ago.. When are we going to see a pledge manager? I filled out that survey when it first got funded.. Is that the only thing necessary? @Tyler - I assume that the post was referring to a literal 20 ft tall mini. Shipping is going to be real challenge, but I'm up for it. I have a bulldozer clearing a spot by my pool as we speak... Giant frogs! I love frogs for some odd reason and I love painting them. Boggards, Grippli, Tsathar, Giant Frogs ect. One of my favorite pathfinder characters is a Grippli (halfling sized frog man) Ranger who rides around on a giant frog wielding a great sword. 20 feet tall? So that's like an 90mm tall miniature? Big. :D And yeah, plain old animals are an option. Iknow you can get some from Reaper in their "familiar" and "animal companion" packs, but there's probably some room for growth in that area, especially if you consider both normal and dire animals, or varied poses for pack animals like wolves. I agree with Aard_Rinn on animals - forest, farm, jungle, ranch, desert, high mountain, pets, pack and the odd fantasy creature that others don't sell. I also would love to see some surfacing sea monsters or large beastly fish or sharks. What about swamp animals including crocks, lizards, birds and include an owl. Water plants and other foliage like grasses, bushes and trees are always difficult to find. The walls and mushrooms sounded fun too. Any groups of miniatures. I would love to see a bunch of animals. Nothing special, nothing fancy, just... animals. But a bunch: several breeds of dogs, some goats, horses, deer, maybe a moose, turkeys... things I can populate my world with. But no one ever seems to do anything just animals. It's always "get a human, and an animal comes with it" or part of a set... I would love to see some of that sort of thing. I was really looking forward to Sea Monsters. It's pretty niche, but it's always been an interest of mine. As for future projects, I thought the walls had a lot of promise. Cool. Looking forward to it. I should state the 2 eggs are about 7/8" long and just under 1/2" diameter. The nest is about 4.1/2" long x 3" wide x 1.1/4" tall (rock). I put the hole in back (left of eggs) to entice smaller characters that they might get the idea to sneak in through the hole. Noooo problem, give it a try... ;-) A new nest for my Terror Birds. Sculpt turned out fairly good, just need to finish painting it. <url>"er looks great. I mostly just hope that it comes more or less appropriately scaled, between its real life Giant Counterpart, and the other mini's in the set. Having a good feel for the whole collection in scale is one of the things I"m most looking forward to. @William: I agree with those concerns. I'd rather get a 4" tall sloth than a humongous 7" sloth. At that size it seems oversized for the scale, and it's costing ADW more money for materials, and shipping cost, while actually making it less useful to backers. Thoughts about our Sloth Mama's size by Elye Alexander, that I tend to agree with. - <url>#comment-7518799 D- Please don't asphyxiate your sculptors- if you have to unchain them from their sculpting tables, they might make a run for it... The problems with wax as I understand it is that it is delicate and cannot stand up to a metal casting process requiring an intermediary mastering step. No more complicated than the standard mastering process but a little more nerve wracking since the original can be easily destroying in the mold making process. Where as kneedatite and miliput are more durable. have you tried Beesputty? It is a pretty darn good polymer clay. It requires baking but it is more wax like than sculpy or fimo. Let's keep the sculpters happy, let the wax flow... Hair like details are the mane reason highlights stand out like a cowlick. Do the Doo by candle light, while sipping the Dew. ;-) Wax-On, Wax-Off. Wax-On. Trying to hold off on cave bear puns... but its unbearable.... I know I'm going to cave before the next update... just bear with me, if my comments become too cave-alier... Alright, that last one was horrible and I apologize. So, Sloth is wonderful! What's in store for us enthusiasts this week? Good things come to those who Sloth! ... or something. Regardless, SO MUCH SLOTH! Wooo! SLAAAAAATH! KS *update I accidentally a word... I'm fairly sure that website is inaccurate; I haven't seen it updated in a while. The BOG KS has been put on hold, and rumors of another KS I think are more related to that - it's been split in two, into a mushrooms and terrain KS that should be happening later this month or early next, and a BOG KS that's being put off while they revise some rules to take PF and such into account. I'm hoping that Mushrooms is delayed, at least until all the molds for this KS are ready... Hopefully today's KS will confirm whether we're still on track for shipping... This user's account has been deleted. D: Really dissapointed that we didn't at least get a heads-up as to why we weren't getting an update... there's only two hours left in the East Coast day, so I doubt we'll see anything until tomorrow. I wouldn't mind so much if they'd at least let us know... Oh dear god... That was the funniest thing I've ever seen. That poor girl... and Ellen's just sitting there with that shit-eating grin. "Okay, well we're going to bring out the..." LOL :D Kristen Bell heard about what the update contained, has since captured the update, and is holding it captive. She will release the update as soon as she stops crying. For Reference: <url>"WAIT! WAIT! YOU GUYS! I'M COMING! YOU guys..." D: :D Hmmm, the update is for a sloth. Maybe that's why its slow? Sloth... Slow... Get it? Get it? ... ... ... Or maybe not. Sorry! Would be really nice to hear our chances of an art update, guys. Even just some pics of the workshop or in-progress figures we haven't seen yet would be cool - I'm not picky... But not a whole fan of this silent waiting thing... It's already almost five. Goonies. Its a classic! ... Dafuq did I just see? If they send an update with a miniature made in his likeness as our "Sloth", I won't even be mad. That'd be impressive. Here you go: <url>#SlothDay2014 :D @William That would cool, I love watching the processes, and the development of both the art and the artists. Also... Sloth day? Being a newbie sculpter, I'd like to see all 5 stages of hair-addition too. Check out these Updates this KS did for it's backers - It's also nice insight into the scale of thier business. <url>" just walls" pledge level, I'm probably going to need it... Someone was asking about bases. Here is a KS with some stuff. I like thier grave stones and crates. <url>"<url>" would be pretty easy to filter, scan, then (possibly) review before removing. Don't know if they're doing that middle step or not. Anyway, if KS isn't going to have forums, I agree they could improve the comments engine with something a little more Reddit-y. So- I guess we're all just chilling out, waiting for the Band of Gnomes launch, then? I think William is right. They use some keyword to search for these and then zapped them. Likely spurred by all the potato salad spam. I had checked the TOS once and it's really not obvious that this is even a violation, especially when the project you post it on has already ended. KS just needs to upgrade their comment engine. Give the users a way to promote/demote comments, hide users, thread comments, etc. Might have serched for the word (affiliated), we'll see if this disappears? @John H: BTW, let me know if KS sends you an automated snarkygram like they did for me. @John H: all of them got zapped, so now that I've confirmed that and can't find any referral posts by anyone in quite some time in most of the active campaigns I checked, I think it was an epic purge that KS did themselves. @lorcan - Did all three posts get zapped or just the one here? The potato salad spam is outrageous. The worst I've ever seen. The difference here (and really in all the table top comments) is that backers share the links for games they like. I shared the heck out of Ice Age Mammals on other projects, but didn't have any zapped. Jarrod O: Each post was tailored to the individual comment section, and I posted to three comment sections. Maybe they need to go back to killing off Kickstarters-as-performance-art campaigns as opposed to nuking their own engine of social recommendation? KS doesn't really have some other good internal mechanism for people to promote campaigns socially besides project comment sections. They have a lot of lofty rhetoric all over the site about social recommendation as how campaigns succeed. If the issue is project owners complaining about the relatively light amount of cross-project recommendations that I tend to see in comment sections, then I want to name-and-shame those project owners. Because I said above, that's how campaigns succeed. I came here through comment section linking, for instance, and know that plenty of other people came here off of comment section linking on another larger campaign. Wow BoG launched on time; although I was surprised there was no link here. I guess there's a link now- thanks spade. I'll go add this to the KS announcements over on BGG... I blame the Potato Salad project... the comments are about 80% spam from other KS projects. I wouldn't be surprised if admins are cracking down on TOS violations everywhere, even if it is common practice to discuss other related KS on funded game KSes... Which is how I found out about this project. The problem is on Kickstarters where a minimum amount backer spams other projects on a KS that still in progress. Maybe it's the fact that this funded KS comments/updates are part of the launching pad for their next KS...? Anyway, communities of interest are great; but since Kickstarter is not supporting this beyond what's already here just means that backers migrate to community forums elsewhere. For example, there's the BGG Kickstarter forum where I posted the Band of Gnomes press release on: <url>"KS is cracking down" or whether Dina/ADW don't want link sharing here despite having been beneficiaries of that behavior themselves. Wasn't very pleased to get an automated snarkygram because of something that is pretty common behavior within gaming KS, regardless of what the TOS say. Just to mess with Kickstarter, here is the project that Lorcan shared: <url>"if it fits on the dude" school of thought... same with 60. I just figured all you guys liked it like that. It might be something to do with the Europians, actually.... And usually I get resin bases for a buck a pop or so. That's not so bad, when you consider that the minis I base on them are usually 5-7 bucks, minimum, and the paints run 3$ a bottle.... Why such weird sizes, Aard? None of those fit a 1" grid? Also, mountain (large rocks/granite/shale/basalt) and cobblestone/flagstone. I'd drop the jungle, or merge it with the swamp, just to cut down somewhat on the amount of sculpting. The cost is also a factor.. Resin bases are pretty ghastly expensive. It's why I've always made my own instead of ordering from Secret Weapon or Ironhalo. I'd really like: Jungle bases - low-lying broadleafed jungle ferns and such; dense vegitation, vines, ect. For larger sized bases, a clearer area towards the middle surrounded by the denser vegitation; also a stump base surrounded by ferns and such.... Forest Bases - leaf litter, twigs, bark, and rocks; perhaps a few small branches. Birch leaves, maybe? I like birch… on larger bases, bigger rocks and heavier branches; maybe a cluster of stumps from smaller trees… Swamp Bases - trailing moss, recesses that water effect can be added to, and big, heavy bits of tree. Logs; stumps; whatever. Nice big chunky ones, though, please - perfect to perch someone atop! Bigger ones with a stump for perching and bigger pools for water; maybe a log like a bridge to cross with water on each side? Glade - bigger ferns, like you’d see in a woodland field; jackinthepulpets and dandilions. A few Forest leaves and twigs, but mostly grass; like a woodland clearing. Big ones with clearings in the middle to base the figures, too; lots of flowers and such…. Pine forest - Snow-covered rocks, pine boughs, and smooth white snow. Ideally, I’d love to see it done somewhat like MAS - 6 sculpts of the 30mm, 4 sculpts of the 40mm, 2 sculpts at 60, and 1 at 120, maybe? And then make a pledge level to get all of them, and offer more of 1 type as add-ons (maybe with the 120 seperate, since they are expensive and little-used?) So a set that is 65 bases (30x 30, 20x 40, 10x 60, 5x 120), and add-ons of 12 bases each (6x 30, 4x40, 2x 60)? And then if that's popular enough, you can do a second series! :D Oh, loads of places do them, but at the rate I go through em... I buy bases by the fifty, when I get them. By the hundred, if they're cheap... Print me off some pretty, diverse, and detailed bases, and you'll have my money. Much obliged. Thank you Dina! Any thoughts on my bases suggestion? :D @Dina - I hear you (fitness club membership) so I bet you guys can come up with something outside of the KS model, especially once your website/forums are flushed out... @Dina- I don't have a good model, but the main variants I can think of are: (1) Sign-up and we automatically charge your card $XX each month, you get whatever cool stuff (discount, advance or exclusive minis) we want to send you. (Kind of the wine club model) (2) SIgn-up/Pay annual membership fee and we send a monthly mailer with specials where members can pick what items they'd like to buy (Columbia Records club? It's hard to remember that long ago...) (3) Or somewhere between the two- (1) Pay an annual fee/autopayment monthly, and we'll send you something cool plus you can buy some exclusive/special thing for extra $$$. I'm lazy and might lean towards option (1), like a monthly Xmas present. That model assumes a high level of customer-company trust, of course... Any chance we can see the pics of the base set animals so that those of us at the lower tiers can pick their base minis. Thanks! @Dina This is inspired. Possibly just inspired to empty my wallet, but inspired none the less! @Dina - That would be the first "XXXX of the Month Club" that I would EVER be interested in... My wallet is whimpering in the corner... @Dina - That list... So wonderful. So scary. I'd just give you all my money now, but my wife tells me that the kids have to eat. Gah! vvv This vvv Or a human-sized figure, like Sir Forscale. Or even a quarter! It's nice that we're getting to see some samples of models as they come in to being. Would it be possible to get a cm ruler with the animals as you photograph them? A ruler would be much more helpful than a gnome in figuring out scale. :) Also, I had a really cool idea - Horse Box Set. Say, six figures; Pliohippus, Merichippus, Mesohippus, Phenacodus, Predwelski's Wild Horse, and Equus Scotti? That'd be supercool... I'd love a Pliohippus or Predwelski's especially, or the Scotti... mmm... a bit dated, yeah. I love Knight's stuff, don't get me wrong (tiger and peacock is one of my all-time favorites) but he did lots and lots of sepia and not much else, mammal-wise (at least for what I've seen). Modern interpretations are a lot more diverse, both color-wise and as far as patterns... Hmm, okay, I may be dating myself. Knight's work used to be the standard reference for such things: <url>"squished" "sundered" "mauled" and/or "torn apart"? It'll be pandemonium when the first gnome's sighted.... Just joined the forum, quiet there too. <url>#1 @Colin - some DNA tests claim to be able to identify genes characteristic of the original Doggerland people. I can't verify, but there's no doubt there was once a significant population there in a very rich - probably near perfect for hunter-gatherers - environment before rising seas inundated it. Most of the folk would have been forced to move to higher lands of other tribes with all the turmoil attendant. Rich history to speculate on. posted. I hate not being able to edit I post the press release over at ye olde inn <url>"Why did they name it Doggerland? That's such a weird name." So today I finally Wikied the Ice Age connection- that Doggerland was a real place that covered the distance between Denmark and England, and was later an island. Fishermen keep dredging up Ice Age bones, antlers, peat, spearpoints, etc. - so it was "some of the richest hunting grounds during the Mesolithic period." So this fantasy version of Doggerland just adds gnomes and dwarves and stuff- pretty cool so far. Also, the first track of Ian Anderson's (aka Jethro Tull) album release a couple months ago is called "Doggerland." (God I love Wikipedia...) Kinkos- or wait for the cut-up pdf. Print the individual pieces, cut them, and mount them to a sheet of butcher paper. . Or cut and laminate small sections. . Or be a gaming club sponsor at a large public school. Send the big file to the the poster printer and then send it off to be laminated as one big piece. . I'm choosing the last option. The maps look really nice. Does anyone have advice for getting these printed? I've never tried printing something of this scale. I think we can call the comment artwork a failed experiment. @spade413 +2 I cut and pasted one I liked, but it changed when I posted it. That one 2 posts down does not match the one I cut from thier site, maybe I didn't do it right? I'll pass for now. But I might freak out a few friends with it. Thanks. :-) Not once it's posted though. Hmm? I like this W̹̿̆ͣ̒ͬ̓i̗̱̲̰̥ͥ͂ͥl͇ͦ̏͑̓͐ͯl̜̖̙̒̍̈i̭͎͍̦̙̳̱̱̊̊̈ͧ̃ͣ̓ā͓̹̭̫͗ͤṃ̬̲̠̳̱ͮ͌̈ͣͣͬ̍ ̼͈͙̔̉ͤ̒̊ one. . I like how you can flip through variations till there is one you like even if you don't change the setting perameters. Now, that's getting Redunkulus. I ̀t̀hin͡k̵ I͢ lik͟e ҉t̴he͜ lo҉ok ҉o͞f̷ ͜i̛t.̸ B̳̥̞͔̲̬̙̜ͅu͎̜t̰̥͇͓̣ͅ ͚̗̗a̭̭̣̥͇̝̪̺s̖̯̠ ̗̯̦̥̦̻Z̙͈̗̬͖̙̰̩a͕̺ͅl͍̟g͎͕͎͕͚o͚̭̝̘̟̖̪̫ ͙̱͕̘͇̙a̠̺̹̯̗͙͖p̞̹̼̘ͅp͈͕̘͇̞̮r͓o̲͔͚͖̼̳̮̘a̤̭̗͉̞̦̦̠c̝̱ͅh̳̗̗̥ͅe̦͍͎̟̯̥̪̙s . Y̶̸̶̮̪̣̖͓͎͉̭͕̖͢͞o͉͉͓̠̣̳͇͚̮͍͍͜͟u̧҉̥̣̼̟͖̭͇̞̫̪ͅ ̶̡͙̖̲̮͔̱̜̦͟͜g͝҉̲̜̙̼͈͍̥̬͈̩͔̰͉̗̦͜ͅo̵̢̙̲̭̳̠̦͎ ̸̡͈̤̗̪̼̖ͅq̶̷̜͖̗͓̪͎͉̣̥͇͚̭̩̦̟́̕ͅù̫̮̗̳̻̫̭̫͖̰̹̜́͘͟i̶̢͝҉̭̤̝̖͉̻͉̣̫̹̤t̛̯̱̜͔̠̗̜͙̼͇͍̯̖̦̤͉̠͘͜͢͞e̵̸̢̤͙̘̝̙̦͚̥̗̮͕̪̝̯̩͉̳̺͎̕ ̢̨̰̤̦̼͚̣̥̹͚̭̺̠͎̳̩̖̙͝ͅͅi̷̢̺̗͚̣̹͔̦͈̯̳̯̞͙̜͔͓͍͢ṋ͈͔̣̺͈͓̰̲͍͝ͅs̨͝͏̰̱͓͓͙͓̜̠̪̝̺̩͉͓̘̘͟͜ͅͅą̶̧̨͚̮͓͖̪̮̻̱̰̰̱̦̫͖̬̰̥̖ń̨̟͕͕̣͓̤͎̦̱͝e̴̴͕͔̦̻ A bit of crazy font to go with my rabid rabbit? Oh that's what it is I was scared my iphone was glitching You can totally copy/paste it, too. J̞́ͅa͖͞ŕ̜r̲͟ơ̘̟̞d̪̝̺ ̢̘̪̯͇̗̺̗O͉͖̖̟̰̭̮ @William It's called "Zalgo". I'm considering using it to help my name stand out on KS. I'm not sure if it is worth the quizzical looks though. It's easy to replicate online if you google it. @ Jarrod O- Sorry I missed the spelling in last post. Question though. What is all the extra character stuff around your name in this list of comments? I see it's on your bio page also. It's odd, but I kind-of like it. @ Earl and Jerrod, I'm getting the Square 1". Can I get in on that trade? I just followed your twitter Jerrod, though I didn't send a tweet yet. No rush. @Jarrod Sure, I got hexes. @Earl Maudrie I requested the plain. I will send you that version if we only each get 1 from ADW. You send me your version? Tweet @d20jarrod Hey, do you guys think the PDF will include the plain, hex, and square version, or just what you requested? I'm fine with only getting one of them printed, but I'd like to have the .pdf for all of them personally. @Benedikt you mean the mastodon? Yeah we missed the stretch goal, but it undoubtedly will be in a future ice age pack. If you go to www.adwgames.com/products, you'll see some of the packs that will be available. I don't believe mastodon is in one of those yet, but no doubt they will release a couple more, providing the other packs meet with success. @spade413 +1 I remember to have seen something about a real mammoth (instead of oversized dwarf mammoth), will something like that be done in the future? Eh, they're doing what they can, when they can. I try to take KS with a big dose of patience. I've seen no reason to believe that ADW is anything but sincere in their fulfillment, and any bumps we're seeing, I just chock up to inexperience. Fulfillment of KS are a completely different model than most people/companies are used to. I've certainly seen some very mature, experienced companies make huge miscalculations on their KS, and some very new people manage close to perfection on their first try. If anything, I see this as a great learning experience for ADW, that will make their future KSs that much stronger in the future. 1" sure map is 1" square map that I requested as an alternative. Just more of the hurried typing found in the comments and updates. @Peter J I understand your anger. It is frustrating.The only condolence I can offer is that you will not lose the opportunity to get your rewards. There is no way they would stiff backers that way. Just ignore the survey until you get your answers. Now I'm getting upset. I just got a "Final Reminder" which makes my blood boil. I know it's a holiday weekend in the US, but this damned survey should never have been sent if the creators were going to go on holiday and so not answer questions !!! I will NOT fill in a form I don't know the anser to. I will NOT take advice about this matter on this forum from anyone except Dina. I WILL cause a fuss on every forum I can find if I lose out because of this absurd premature survey. Pete - getting angrier as this goes on, which is a real shame because I was very interested in the subsequent plans and Kickstarters ........... Under the Comments in that Update, Dina corrected it to Square not Sure. Regarding the map choices: What is a 1" sure map? @John I'm at $135 and my survey asked me to list my choices. I returned and filled it out, but I hope I can be more specific later. I'm very excited to watch the results of this campaign unfold. It's hard to stay patient when so enthusiastic about a product and a company. At the same time, being 4th of July weekend and all, I hope the Dina and the team get some rest and have some fun. Its important for us, the consumer, to remember that forums, order requests, and models all take time and coordination (not to mention money that likely hasn't been released from Amazon yet). I am at the 3 choice level and my survey from KS asked for my choice. I haven't responded to it yet bc I want to see Sculpts before I choose. Not everyone got the same survey... I believe Dina said earlier that the survey was so that they could get an idea of which miniatures were the most popular but that nobody was getting locked into anything. I am being paitient. Dina said we could choose 4 of the same terror bird if we wanted, so I'm waiting to see the options before I reply. However, it is irritating to get a reminder to do something which it is impossible for me to do. And it is. This KS has been discussed nowhere else. ADW games is working on a forum, but it is not up yet. @Richard: I agree with you. the primary forum for all things related to this KS project should be this comment section. Ah, okay. Direct response to individuals is reasonable, but I wish the group had been told that... or did I miss that? I am seeing too many kickstarters where all discussion is moved to private forums... I don't think that is fair. The only survey was Kickstarter. People at the 15, 25, 30, and 60 levels were asked to select their minis. Everyone else was just asked for their address. @Richard ok cool...i thought I had done something wrong. If there was a survey that asked for anything outside of address, it was done outside of Kickstarter, without notification to the general Kickstarter backers. This issue MUST be presented on kickstarter. @Highlord Tamburlaine I don't know. Many people had problems with the survey, so they are going to have to reevaluate it anyway. If they lock in everyone's "mistakes", fulfillment will lead to lots of unhappy customers. I know I want the mini-mammmoth so I answered that. I am only getting one mini choice, so it was easy I am looking forward to the shop though. When I received my survey, all it had was shipping address stuff. And I can't figure out how to reaccess the survey to fill out other stuff. If we fill it in now though, wouldn't we be locked in to those choices? I hope Dina can get on here and clarify things for all of us. I filled out my survey. In the "choose your mini" line, I wrote . "Elasmotherium (most likely, depending on the final sculpts of those we haven't seen) " . This way they get an idea of what is most popular, but I am not committing myself fully. Yeah, I keep getting reminded to fill out a survey. I'd like to see the sculpts of what's currently finished, preferably with a rule to help get an idea of just how big they are. I bet Dina will answer during the weekend if not, she probably ran away with the money :D yea. and the comment about different sculpts for them have me interested in multiples. I knew I wanted 2 mammoths, but if they were different poses, double score. not sure what I wanted for my third... same with the munchkin, who pledged on his father's account with his own money. He wants sabortooths. if there were 3 different sculpts, then I might forgo additional coolness, but there were the additional rhino like one with two cross bones in the nose and the protoelephant with the teeth at the bottom, that I might like to throw in as our 3rd choices each... I totally want to see all the sculpts to pick from so that the munchkin can have the most chaos he can in his DF dungeons and caverns... @Jared - Here's the chart: <url>#gid=0 Late to the party - so what minis do you have a choice of for the $15 level? I would like the link to the forums. They've taken our money to create a single mutant Mammoth Rat to unleash on Oprah Winfrey! The horror!! Seriously though, they've created a very complicated Kickstarter and are likely working out a way to accurately get everyone's request. Some communication would be good, but giving us clear instructions and pics of the sculpts is better. Huh. We've all been had! They're taking the money and running! Doom! Gloom! huh. No word, no Lars any word on if we will see the sculpts before we have to make our survey selections? and what happened to Lars answering our questions? did he ever show up yesterday? or was that only by email? I'm confused with the lack of information. Fun card game for all of you: scrapyard empire, still on kickstarter. Also, the ultimate settlers of Catan thing is still going...if any of you play video games, catlateral damage is unlocking stretch goals and stuff Hmmm...Not much else on KS that is interesting me right now. Zombicide is big, but not my thing. Here's two smaller projects I'm backing: A fun card game: <url>#gid=0 So, at the $125 pledge level you get one of every mini (some two) including all of the stretch goals etc, except for the dire wolf? Can anyone clarify? Probably a good idea to not answer the survey yet then, until they've had time to regroup and figure out the various options and questions coming up here. A single edit field for 'what minis do you want' didn't really cover the variations and extras. The only issue is that (if I recall correctly) KS only allows a single survey to go out, which means this is the best we'll get. This might just mean more hassle and admin headache for someone at ADW to collate survey responses with email questions and addon requests etc. @ John - That's funny, I just read something about that very bit of info. ;-) The add-ons were going to be set up on the Products page - <url>"80-90% stand without a base. again, I think the correct way forward is different poses. 1 with a dynamic pose that requires a base and 1 that does not" I'm good with one choice, but whatever they come up with will be O.K. with me, I'm sure. I agree with Jenney, I would like to see the sculpts before we pick. Even though I am only choosing the add-on part. Many others a choosing all or most in the lower pledges. I don't recall it ever being three per - I think it was a few with up to three sculpts. We also have to remember that things may have changed in the last few days of the campaign - remember, most of us were expecting this to cap at 13k or so. They may still be sorting through their financials to work out how best to handle things; 3 sculpts each of 15 or so figures is one thing, but of 30 is quite another... There was alot said in the Comments and Updates, I wonder if they have a few archivists looking back through all the posts to see what we were promissed. There was mention of 3 different position sculpts of each mammal to choose from, wonder if that's still in the works. Dina said she would like an Email address, T-shirt size and pledge info. Dina, way back in this discussion I asked about having 4 of the same big bird rather than 4 different ones. At the time you said 'Why Not' so how do I go about arranging this please ? Pete Look under the 125 row here: <url>#gid=0 You get 1 figure per X, so some things you get one of, some two. Unless you pledged for add-ons, post something like: all @ 125$ pledge level, size L (or whatever) shirt I don't understand, what comes free and what am I suppose to choose at the 125 dollar level? (I joined pretty late) It's a lot like the reaper KS - I could've gotten everything I really wanted for about 60$, but the deal at the higher price was good enough that I'll just get the extra stuff, and at 3$/mini, anything I don't use can just sit in a box/be given to my friends/be given to strangers at conventions. mmm... I'm with you there, but I understand that stuff like that makes fulfillment more complicated, so... whatever. I'll probably give my spares away. I do a lot of miniature exchanges and Secret Santas and stuff, and sticking a spare moertherium or terror bird or something in for my partner would probably make their day... At the $125+ level, we don't get much choice, but we do get a lot of double Epic Freebies, wish I could switch out a few of those seconds to a different variety of smaller minis like the Cave Bear, Lion and/or Dire Wolf... I don't think I'll need 2 Doedicurus, 2 Glyptodons or 2 Giant Sloths, one each would be fine. :-) Well, the kid's narrowed it down to either the elasmotherium, uintatherium, or the mammoth... any input? are we going to see the final sculpts on the base 8 animals any time soon? I don't want to fill out my survey until I see them. I don't have my choices finalized as I was waiting to see what the gomphotherium and the unitaterium look like. Really hoping rats are a 2/10 add-on, like the rabbits. I'd understand if they're 10$... but I'd probably drop 20$ to have an army if they were less. (Note: Mammoth Rats were showing at 10$ on my table - that was a mistake. That price was for the glyptodon - MR prices are as yet unconfirmed.) @Dina Will there be a second survey later for t shirt size and determining add ons? Also, can you tell us the add on prices for embolotherium and megistotherium an Moeritherium? Ok I see that everyone gets a Simurgh regardless of pledge... No need to answer that question. I would also like to choose after I see the final 8 sculpts if thats possible. Hey I was just making sure that every pledger not just the epic level gets a Simurgh. That one looks so awesome, just want to make sure I'm getting it as well. I sent a message too with my add-ons and shirt size. Definitely an issue. I did the survey with my other account ($15 pledge) and was asked which minis I want besides the free ones. I did not receive this question for my big pledge on my main KS account. Me too, address confirmation only. I sent Dina a direct Contact about email, T-shirt, add-ons I had in pledge. Hope she gets it? I received the usual KS email, but it only confirmed my address. Are others seeing something different? I second HRH Mo's request to build my own Rat Army... @David, Alexander - Hopefully you've gotten your pledge manager e-mail by now; I just finished mine... How can I add models? It's written we could do that at <url>#gid=0 At the $30 level, am I able to select the cave bear as one of my three choices? Not a big deal if not, just curious. Also, if we pledged extra $ for add-ons already, we never got a per piece price on these three animals that came late in the campaign - Megistotherium, Embolotherium and Moeritherium. Aard Rinn can update the chart with those three. Thanks @Dina There wasn't an option or text box to put in which t-shirt size, nor one for an email address. Should we email that? If so, to what email address? :) Hi Dina, Wasn't there going to be a choice on which one of three we would like? Thought that was posted at some point. I completely understand if not, that's a ton of work. :-) I put a question in about the different scuplts, she mentioned 3 dif per amimal and we would get to choose. So I'll wait to see what else she puts out. Then get down to the nitty-gritty... if we got the 125$ set alone, and want all the associated minis, what do we put? 125$ set:all, or something? Also, should we put our T-shirt size in that box? I don't think Dina ever confirmed that there would be a pledge manager. @David: No pledge manager email received Has anyone had a pledge manager email? Hope we get a tease of some kind soon- Dina Andrews Walker - 4 days ago - @Earl it's on the news page of adwgames.com and the forums will be posted on Sunday. Dina Andrews Walker - 5 days ago - The add-ons available at adwgames.com will be up and running this weekend. Along with a comprehensive list of new animal minis and box one of mythical creatures. and - Bringing the chart to the top so we can ponder orders. Aard Rinn has put together a good spreadsheet breakdown here: <url>#gid=0 God trying to remember the arcane formula I came up with to determine what add ons i planned on getting is ridiculous Hello. Is the add ons page working yet? I would appreciate a link as I cant seem to find it. Thank you. Yeah, that's what bugs me. I want to back project by certain creators, but KS makes it hard for me to spend me money. It should also be pretty obvious from my profile that any email KS sends me should include the latest big tabletop project, but they never include them in their recommendations. And that the truth. The mobile app is the worst. I can't go directly from a creators page to what else they've created, I have to go and search their name. Logic. I also wish there was a way to follow creators so I don't miss their new stuff Kickstarter search, comments, and recommendations leave a lot to be desired. I really hate kickstarter's search. I typed in "mega dungeon" and got some old projects. Now I type in "megadungeon" and go right there. WAy to go KS! William - Thanks! I picked up a box of the firm and plan to do some sculpting with the kids one night this week. I love throwing new things at them and see what interests stick. They've really taken to painting minis so I'm hoping they like making stuff too. My youngest keeps demanding that I make her a pink dragon :\ Nice Aard :-) John, I found a good source for sculpey clay - <url>#3 is what it is...you'll probably have a chance to get it(and 1 and 2) when Megadungeon 4 rolls around Oops, a link works better. <url>" squares on them, 2 x 2. Each square is analogous to 5'. Check out the original KS: <url>"How the Le Brea Tar Pits Work" episode just this week. It was a pretty good episode, too! <url>", 28mm is just over an inch). My Gran pappy shot a jackalope once. Had it mounted on the wall. Truly they are real. Don't ever let the na-sayers steer you wrong. Sakabra - Add-Ons later are O.K. was wondering. I play mainly Pathfinder which uses 30mm figs (I believe) will 28mm be bigger or smaller? Aye. Every other KS has the ability to up after it's ended and ends noon at the earliest. As one who was late to the party I'm guessing I missed the comments about not being able to after-pledge. :(* I think I have a date with a squirrel. @William: Do not mourn. We can still gather to form the Band of Gnomes! Stop teasing us, were in mourning for the non-Mastodon. Hm. Had planned on making the decision re: upping my pledge this morning, but I overslept. Great idea John. For the next KS, start it after noon EST. That way it ends a little later in the day so we can get both coasts to make last minute pledges. Sorry, typo again. It should read fought @Earl: Still we fozght bravely! @Sakabra that's a heartbreaker. We could have used you I thought this was for fatastical creatures, not real ones ;) Was stuck in traffic. :/ Can I up to $225, or I'm stuck where I am? What about a Jackalope? We came so close too. Amazing how well we did at the end. Great job spreading the word everyone. I so wanted to hit $22K and unlock the Mastodon. Ehrmagawd, I would so pick up a Dire Squirrel with huge fangs (or three). That would just be hilarious on the gaming table (and one of my players is a hardcore squirrel nut. @Kevin - Same here. A box shows up and it is a game to remember which KS it is from before I open it. My kids are so excited to paint these ice age critters! Sent me email just after it ended. Did I miss the window for the sabre toothed squirrel? My bout of boxes will start in August. No gnomes for me, I just want the giant wabbits to kill the party in my campaign. Mwahahaha Over 300% funded, very nice. Can't wait to see some of the update sculpt pictures in the next few months. Great KS ADW. Let's do it again sometime soon, but not too soon. @William Heh, I've gotten to a point now where when stuff shows up, I honestly have no idea what it is. It's like a birthday every few weeks. (Even moreso, since I really don't celebrate my birthday.) Ok so when you tell me how to get a Sabertoothe Squirrel you'll email me? Soooo close to 22k. 8:31am here. One email got through before the end of the KS for me, but my 7yo's email looks like it got sent just after you all finished. I knew I should have just typed it myself instead of spelling all the words for him. Oh well fingers crossed that he is able to also get the squirrel when the next KS goes live. Can't wait for gnomes! Probably gonna have to be a little more conservative with my cash though....got catlateral damage and loot hero dx coming up soon when does that one start? Looking forward to see you all at Band of Gnomes! Congratulations Dina and team! Looking forward to see everyone soon for Band of Gnomes! The last few months of this year is going to be filled with all kinds of cardboard boxes. Can't Wait. ;-) I only went 205$ over budget. But it was worth it. Yes, a big congrats, well done! Checkout the numbers from the last 3 days: <url>#chart-daily Congrats! Congrats, guys. I hope it kicks off your business in a big way! And I still keep looking at that total waiting for it to go up.... Always fun to be in on the last minutes and seconds of a KS. Realm said it. congrats to all of you and all of us too. Prepare your wallets for the doom email. there goes the Terrorbirds! Run!!!! Only here for 5 minutes before it ended, but a good 5 minutes. Congratulations Dina and the whole ADW Crew!!! What an Awesome finish to a great Campaign!! Oh wait. Ahhhhhhhhh Terror birds are GO!!!!!! Actually, which email address should we email, Dina? Woooooooooo Hoooooooooooo I didn't implode. Happy to hunt with you all guys, Congratulations! Congratulations Dina! boo no mastodon. Yeeeeeaaaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOO!!!! Bingo TERRORBIRDS ARE GO 1 CONGRATS! Awesome KS! 5 10 make sure you push the next ones on the miniatures page Just mention our screen name here on KS, Dina? Last chance to upgrade to $225 It's been a fun ride people Do not let the rope go! I like Nergal's idea Exciting isn't it ? Always exciting to watch one of these count down. so... close... SECONDS! oops 100 seconds final seconds and oh so close 1- ONE MINUTE I was a last 5 minute charley, thank you very much. Do post-KS pledge increases count towards the Mastodon? We are so close... If a couple people add on paracatherium we could make this 1 225$ BACKER! Does this mean I need to pledge for the Mastodon, or there will be none? I get two bunnies 2 smilodons, 2 cave lions and 4 scimtar cats, right? 316 to go cmon last minute charlies WE STILL HAVE 3 MINUTES Mastodon ahead! 2 70 plus minis for $225. Deal of the century. Just sayin Just upped past $225 Sooooo close! We need some last minute big backers! thats what I went by the spread sheet. Hope i counted right 3 Cool - Thanks :) I saw someone comment about bunnies and wasn't sure @JC King Check out the spreadsheet (be quick): <url>#gid=0 in a nutshell the $225 gets you double of most later things, I think it includes at least one of all though Stampede: everything gets loose! c'mon c'mon c'mon 396 Not a chance, sorry. @Aard_Rinn Should the 125 pledge not have 38 Minis, not counting the MastOdon or do you count the T-Shirt, too? dwm do the 125 whith 135 @James C King - no, at $225 you get everything (based on the spreadsheet) <url>#gid=0 My friend just pledged...dire wolf painting day at my house Ok, I am in for 25, well 10 of that is shipping. add ons after o k No you don't, you get at least 2 of everything. @Nergal @Aard Just blaze! remember to slow down. do not fall over the cliffs! Ok you talked me into it. Upgraded to the 225 plus bunnies. I am a cat lover and saw I would get 8 kitties. So close I can taste it... Hey, I just joined and am running out of time. If I get the $225 pledge, do I need add ons for anything? I jumped the gun 420.... 6 420 595.... Jinx! 7 7 I still can´t find my blade! non-attached is my preference then i can personalise each base @Richard: Mastodon at 22k. At the last few seconds, I want everyone to do count out loud in a deep authoritative voice the following: 5..... 4..... 3..... 2..... 1..... Terrorbirds are GO! Just a bit more... 8 Back on (inhaling coffee). What new goals are up? 9 Petite male size is for guys who don't want to shop in the kids section. Or don't want to have garanimals on their clothes. My dad actually knew somebody so short he had to do that. He also had a crazy raspy voice and looked like an ugly garden gnome 705! so... close... BTW, when considering base sizes (assuming you go with square or round bases), generally the small size base (so long as it's stable) the better, as some of us are 3D terrain nuts, and have to fit them into 1"x1" or 2"x2" squares and such. :) Any chance of child size t shirts being an option? I'm thinking toddlers (size 2) for myself, but I imagine some others out there might think the shirt is cool for their kids We are a tribe of 237 hunters now! Everything Is Awesome. <url>"petite male?") bases come off...that's why they invented jewellery saws Now pose choices, you rock. @Kevin - The $225. Level gets you over 70 minis. I highly recommend it. I can smell the salt of the warm sea Oh, hell, I'll bump up to $225 and just hope @Dina gives the option for some larger t-shirts. I hope they stand without a base, but depends on pose I guess. BTW what are the scenic bases? Are they an extra base or are they already mounted on them? at the 125 lvl? Someone cast a slow-time spell, it's ticking down too fast. @Dina Something I meant to ask earlier, is our cave bear a short faced bear? My wallet is gonna hate me....$300 pledge, $75 of which are add ons I love the art with the isles sized sea turtles. I loved the idea of them since I read Michael Ende's "Die unendliche Geschichte" (Neverending Story) :-) If I get better in making terrain, I need to make the ancient Morla. Low backers, grab some add ons. Look at the gigantopithicus. You know you want it. Will we get to see more sculpts before finalizing our decisions? @William - that's why I'm asking about the t-shirts. If I can be sure they'll fit, then I'll bump up from $125 to $225. Screw it, up $20 for extra swag 67 $15 backers - we only need about 10 of you to step it up. Come on, it's easy. Look at all you will get, chance of an Age. It dropped below the first page - Bringing the chart to the top. Aard Rinn has put together a good spreadsheet breakdown here: <url>#gid=0 Oh, yes, apparently some of the other sculptors plan to band together and publish a cryptozoology box later on for our amusement. I'd be fine with 3XL, as I could throw them in the wash and dry on hot. Same worry Kevin, but even 3X if they shrink. Dina, can you confirm that you'll have XXL t-shirts available? Some of us aren't small people... :) Let us try. Take this rope and pull! I believe there was mention of a multi model Cryptozoology box set as well *hint hint* Although, unrelated to that, I was thinking... Are there any plans to do Prewelski's wild horse (or another wild horse?) I know you said you were going to release a few more figures after the KS... I'm just worried we will not catch up to that wailing noise over the next hill. Hey, Dina! To my knowledge, it was just a mammoth at 22k, and he said he'd do a chupacabra sculpt and put it in the store for us as an add-on? What fun? I lost my blade and nobody tide up this large beasty at 20K! Goodmorning Dina. Fun night here. 8 more $135.00 pledges and were there. $125+bunnies. G'bye, K! Will miss you! Were actually looking for a used SUV to trade in for that slow beast. His food bill is outrageous. Even with the price of gas today I think it will be cheaper. Gotta run. But as my parting gift to you all I just added an extra $80 pledge with my second Kickstarter account. That along with my $225 here will get me a ton of minis. But now I'm tapped out. The rest is up to you. Hope I have a break to watch the finale. In case I don't, thank you one and all for rising to the call, especially my Awesome Listers. I love you guys. Bye for now. @William: You will excange Larry for a Camero? Mid-life crisis, it;s not a camero. @Highlord - But they are also educational, surely she'll go for that. I hope we can see sculpts before we make any decisions on our final model choices. Or closer. Unlike the mastodon Inching closer to the prey... @ Joe refer William's trawl 40 minutes ago below I'm tempted, but if I pledge any more I shall suffer the wife's wrath, and not have enough left for Z3 and Dwarf King's Hold... Yet I hover over the Manage Your Pledge button nonetheless... And I still have yet to visit my brother in Nagoya or my brother-in-law in Tokyo, and lord knows I'll be jonesing for a hobby fix... about 6 hours ago from night watchman Lars- Mastodon? It is sculpted already. We ran him through the test resin spin cast. First time had some bubbles but we fixed that, well because we love to fix problems. (some of us are programmers, some of us are sculptors) Can I add the mastodon? command decision.. sure! 22K$ i will sculpt it and pay for it . about 6 hours ago no where near 22 but you WILL get mastodon at 22, yes because i have scuplted about 7 poses and I love all Elephant-type beings :D The mastodon we get at 22k. what mastodon? That would be HUGE, haha get it? sorry... $22 K and we get the Mastodon huh? Let's do this. I gotta get to work. Early day for. Doing Annual inventory for one of the locations of the Jewelry Store I work for. Keep the flame of hope alive. had to bump up my pledge to get the bunnies. Gnomes are my favorite race in D&D @Earl I know what you mean, self-same, and so near that mastodon... Perhaps we'll get points for effort? @William: Yes, we do, because every now and then one of them gets trodden on by something big or other. I'm bac~ack... We need more Mammal Mini Maniacs... @RMK: Long time no see ;) I was watching this for quite some time, still undicided. But yes, it is too good to miss. Glad to be here. Great comic. Spot On. Hi Nergal. Glad to see you here. Way too good of a deal to pass up, right? So happy you didn't miss this one. $1200 left guys! I'm sorry but I just can't go any higher MGDMT is best web comic...because nerdy kid is a pokemon trainer who got kicked out of the league because his gyarados ate someone's pikachu I am astounded that you found such a thing! @Earl: That is quite good! <url>#gid=0 Here is what Lars posted over-night of any KS related things . this is the night sculptor: about 6 hours ago if you get to 20K, I will sculpt a chupacabra in three poses myself! and ask D to put it on adwgames.com for $10 I am the wierd cryptozoology guy on the team you have no idea what my folder of potential minis looks like best for a CHILL or UNKOWN ARMIES game . about 6 hours ago Again, latenight sculpting guy, here... Literally: if you send that email to <email> I will make a cryptozoology box set available (and you will all get that 20% discount) . about 6 hours ago Mastodon? It is sculpted already. We ran him through the test resin spin cast. First time had some bubbles but we fixed that, well because we love to fix problems. (some of us are programmers, some of us are sculptors) Can I add the mastodon? command decision.. sure! 22K$ i will sculpt it and pay for it . about 6 hours ago no where near 22 but you WILL get mastodon at 22, yes because i have scuplted about 7 poses and I love all Elephant-type beings . about 5 hours ago from Lars: sorry was supposed to say "from Lars" after each post Sorry this was so long. 95 minutes @Earl: Get a grip. If your are shouting all those smilodons will come to get us @Alex Nooooo! My friends :,( @William: Now wonder with all those markings. till we met at the band of gnomes! Have to trot off for a bit, back before the end. @ Benedikt - Not sure, but sounds logical? Will the bunny be available during the Band of Gnomes Kickstarter (I assume the rider is a gnome)? @See! Markings all over the place! Not while I'm drivin' Larry. Eventually, I will have to slide down past that to dismount. Oooh @Earl: I think we lost some good men under the feet of the Mastodons. Nergal went looking. @William: they will look if your sloth let down a mark inmidst the settlement! You guys did a good job while I slept. Now for the push to Mastodon! Ugh, I think this was Scotts task! Well, everytime fresh fruits right into your face! BTW did someone secure the Paraceratherium wih enough ropes? Nobody notices, they're all looking at thier phones. Through the trees, that is. I live in a northwest forest. @William: But think of all the publicity you get riding a sloth into a settlement! When he goes upside-down it really freaks me out. Two hours to go! Yea , he's a little slow though. I really have to plan my trips. HAhaha @Scott: Sorry to see you go. Keep your back covered! @William: You are just kidding me, you drive a sloth? Sorry I have to withdraw back to $1 - the end of the campaign is falling at the wrong end of the pay cycle for me. My truck's name is Larry. :-) I never will give up Harry or Larry for one bear! I wonder if Dina would be up for trading one of the Epic doubles. Like One of my Sloths for the Cave Bear or something like that? Maybe under the feet of those Mastodons? Now where are all those Mastodon hunters? Don´t let go William, we are so close, we cannot afford to loose some of our prey! Hope so, my arms are tired. Only two hours, we must be near the shore now! Guess I could unsubscribe. I'll do it. Well I did right now, just curious about it. Lets try something new, like sabertooth chili with fries! I just found a KS thing. Down at the bottom of this page is a pair of scissors at the color change. Keep clicking it and a Eureka apears for a news letter. Has anyone signed up for this and is it an annoyance? I have not subscribed yet. Sleep wel and farewell! Ha lol...nightie night Not many deer here in the desert, there are some good size jackalopes though. I'll have to leave you two in charge it is about 3:00am here and I'm typing with my forehead as it bounces off the keyboard. Good night, and dreams of giant prehistoric beasties. I really quit drinking a dozen years ago. Forgot the Beck's in a tankard. Backstraps & fries, I'm there. @David: Still waiting for the deer to go with the fries! As long as they fix the problems, no real harm. I do have the fryer all warmed up though. The inserts are designed with specific game boxes in mind, and to fit exactly. There was one that the publisher of a game, in a later printing, made the box a millimeter or so smaller, and the inserts were splitting the box. This was noticed by backers that had received them, so an emergency redesign was in order. @William: Gosh, I am still looking for my blade! @ Alexander - Gather them back up, we only have 2:50 hours left. They also really seem to be geared for card game storage. I just spied on your KS list and noticed them. Seemed pricey. @William: Man, look at those critters, running away. And I lost my flintstoneblade again! @William If you were asking me about the Board Game Storage Boxes, yes I did receive mine, but I only backed for a few of the bit boxes with the DoubleSix logo engraved on the lid. The quality is very good, however, the wooden d6 went together so well that even with out glue it won't come apart. BOO ! @William: We are just hiding under cover, not to scare away any of those beasties ZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz - Quiet with only 3 hours to go. @ David - Did you recieve the Board Game Storage Chest yet, maybe they could design custom DF Terrain box inserts? Dang Darn Dagnabit, my last post wass 1111. I'm really a newbie. I've only done 5. But all were great. Eh, most the stuff I've backed has done well. Then again I'm a bit of a KS addict and love to see all the new and interesting things coming up, and I think I've gotten to be a pretty decent judge of whether something funds or not. Debating just how much I can spend before I get in trouble with the missus... William, it must be you. I have backed a couple that just made it and only one or two that failed miserably, but most have been wildly successful. Bringing the chart to the top. Aard Rinn has put together a good spreadsheet breakdown here: <url>#gid=0 How many miniatures with a low pledge of $15? David I think it's us, I have only been involved in highly successful KS campaigns. As I will not be able to stick around for the end of this. let me start the flood of congratulatory messages. Dina, Lars, and everybody at ADW games, Congratulations on a very successful campaign. I look forward to creating many dioramas and displays with these and future pieces. You are correct, I was just throwing the update up, sorry for any confusion. @Highlord Tamburlaine @William I'm still sad I sold this game... there was talke about a Mastodon, in the moment there is no officially SG for it. @William: The update states one big badie is free for over 125 The late night sculptor snuck that one in for $22,000 after Dina left for the night Not sure how many, Epics should be 2x at >$125, but the last big badie didn't say Epic. Why is there a Mastodon on the spreadsheet? Is that a secret stretch goal? She said earlier if it says 'Gets' it means Free. FINAL HOURS UPDATE!!!!! 1. If we reach $15,000, everyone gets a giant rat miniature, free. 2. If we reach $17,000, everyone above $80 gets an Irish Elk. If we miss the goal, it will be an Add-On for $20. 3. If we hit $17,000, everyone above $80 gets a gigantopithecus mini. If we miss the goal, it will be an Add-On for $20. So if I Pledge $81 I will get the Elk and gigantopithecus... @David: I think you are right. go and get the 125. You get every epic SG double! William, it is a matter of wording. the update says "everyone above $80 gets an Irish Elk/gigantopithecus". So $80 pledgers wont get them... William keep the accounts for our tribe of hunters, many Kudos! Aard Rinn has put together a good spreadsheet breakdown here: <url>#gid=0 Update #62 ℹ Final Hours Update on the New Three Minis!! 1. If we reach $15,000, everyone gets a giant rat miniature, free. 2. If we reach $17,000, everyone above $80 gets an Irish Elk. If we miss the goal, it will be an Add-On for $20. 3. If we hit $17,000, everyone above $80 gets a gigantopithecus mini. If we miss the goal, it will be an Add-On for $20. WHAT IF YOU MISS THE ADD-ON KS DEADLINE? You can add-on anything for one week after the KS Campaign at the adwgames.com site. This Offer is only valid for Pledgers to this KS Campaign, and is non-transferable. Those are cool Dino-minis with Mounts. @Teskal- That's exactly what I want. Maybe even more armored then that. Preferably with lizards riding them. Every time I see that game, I get sad that nobody had the foresight to try and translate it and sell it in English speaking countries. I don't even need to click on the link. I don't even know if it's any good, but it would have totally been my kind of game when it came out. It haunts me sometimes. So not fair. This is probably a silly question! Does the latest update mean that I have to pledge MORE that $80 to get the free Irish Elk and gigantopithecus, Or would I get them with an $80 pledge? @Aard_Rinn Mastodon not Mastadon. :-) The Mastodon is the only one in the list, which is not unlocked, now, or not? @Highlord Tamburlaine Do you mean something like this: <url>#gid=0 could someone help me figure out what you actually get in total right now at $80 and $125? I'm so lost. Check out the Bramble Hog and Swamp Golem Demi-God in the upcoming Doggerland KS. <url>"hex in hex" system, 5 mile hexes showing general terrain with smaller hexes shown for greater detail maps... Course, I am a "old" gamer.... I just got up and quit to read all the awsome comments in this section. It is a wonderful morning and the tide has risen over 18K in Doggerland. Wonderful work you have all done. Also, settlers includes a map for seas of Catan that is better than using sea tiles. It's a blue board with room built in for ships and roads and stuff. Plus assorted merch I think pop up terrain is more to give players a feel for the area than as a strict scale thing. When me and my buds play dnd, we usually don't use a grid, we just eyeball, so maybe it's designed more for the casual gamer? Settlers of Catan, own it ... Element Dice ... Like Dungeon Dice, hate lightning bolt dice ... Pop Up Terrain - hardest not to back. Looks great but in limited numbers, too large a scale (no hexes within the big hex that I can see to regulate movement)... Try also gaming paper mega dungeon, root dice, precision dice with dice vault, caged dice, and tabletop props...totally unrelated to tabletop stuff, check out catlateral damage. Also loot hero dx. I'm the BMOKS over there at loot hero I'm gonna sleep for real this time guys, I swear But since you guys were asking what was next...try settlers of Catan, element dice set(fire cold shock etc), and pop up miniature terrain Muahahahaha! Hey, guys - it's me and michael, now. Join us. Pls. <url>"spill the beans". Lars is the new Stefan! (All you Dwarven Forge backers know exactly what I'm talking about.) @William - War Prime looks interesting. Still waiting on Stefan's minis and paints. I feel the same, what's next on the KS horizon? @William - I can't stop hitting refresh. In awe of how this has blossomed today and am saddened it ends tomorrow. Oh, no worries, I'll keep posting. Oh anonymous night sculptor...have faith. It is a foregone conclusion. Mastodon will be MINE-I mean ours Keep the flow of backers coming... Glad to add. You've made this interesting. I've been watching for a while now, and these last few updates and comments here have made me a backer. @Night Sculptor- what else is in that cryptozoology box set? Wendigo? Jackalope? Sasquatch? Snipes? John , you keep saying you're off to bed, Haha 1000 comments. It was worth staying up to learn that Aard is a chupacabra wearing chaps. Night y'all. When I wake up in 6 hours, I expect you to have either unlocked mastodon or be within a couple hundred. 1000 Woohoo! Aaaaaaawwwww shiitake mushrooms, we getting a mastodon Damn it! Everyone in my house is asleep! I cannot hangout...also, please comment so we hit 1000 and I can go to sleep with my conscience clean We will count it down... together. O.O *maniacaleyes* Okay, so, guys. You may have noticed my suspicious quietness for the last, oh... three minutes. That's because I had a terrible, awful idea. Come. Speak. Realize that I am actually a girl. <url>"Dina"- I tried to email to ask for information about band of gnomes, but the email to <email> bounced back. Got another address? Mastodon with a gnome rider wearing chaps? thing is, at this point, we have lots of preditors (2 types of cat, dire wolf, ect.) a bunch of rhinotypes, all sorts of birds.... even a bunch of rodents and armadillish fellows! But only two elephantypes. And elephantypes are awesome. Mastodon would be awesome. Mastodon? A) I heartily approve of cowboy gnome B) I thought mokele mbembe was the African jungle thing C) autocorrect needs to get off my case. I meant to spell mokele, so shut up Otto Jackalope. With or without a gnome rider wearing chaps. O.O Mastodon could be a thing? Please make mastodon a thing. With the awesome tusks that go practically straight out? Mmmm 22k stretch goal? Cryptozoology....mkolembembe is probably too much to hope for...besides, ice age stuff, not dinosaurs This campaign has taken a turn for the weird. I blame the night owls. @William I had to leave for a while and am just now catching up on the comments. Thanks for watching the fryer for me. What do you think for the end - chicken wings? I'm wondering...is a bigger mammoth ever in the cards ? We got a mini, could we get a mastodon or something? Or would that just be a ridiculous size? @Realm -- I'm here at $80 because of your reminder email. My poor credit card is whimpering under the couch right now. We may need a gnome riding the chupacabra! Now I'm curious to see how much we can get the night guy to promise us just so we can read Dina's reaction in the AM :) And if you sculpt a chupacabra & put it on adwgames.com for $10, *I'll buy it.* -_- Won't that show you. The "night sculptor" either sounds like a super hero or the office needs to get another workstation set up so you don't have to share one with a daytime sculptor. @Aard ▲ ▲ ▲ I have spaces, do you? @Aard (\/) (;,,;) (\/) Why not Zoidberg? $24k chupacabra This is my last post of the night. Aard, keep them excited. I have got to sleep a bit. Want to wake up to at least $20,000, although I believe that more is possible now. So tempted to add an $80 pledge to my other Kickstarter account. For those that might have missed my earlier post about the Awesome List. We created it to help us keep from missing Awesome Gaming Projects. Here is what I posted earlier. If anyone wants to join the Awesome List, here is a link to sign up via our Mailchimp account. Basically we are a group of people that wanted a way to let each other know about Awesome Gaming Projects. We had a website for a while. Soon it will relaunch. For now we send out updates to keep our members up to date on the greatest and most Awesome gaming projects. It's other name is the Kickstarter Awesome List. We welcome anyone who is interested in joining. <url>} { . ((( ))) ...SLATH... Hey Dina 'Troll' - What kind of pizza did they get you? Is this graph correct for the total number of minis? Specifically I need to know if the total number of minis for the 125 level is actually 40. <url>#gid=0 The... O.O LAST KICKTRAQ DAY. IT HAS BEGUN. Observe, the Aard in its natural habitat. Listen to its majestic call..."ELLLK...ELLLK...Slath? SLAAAATTHHH!" It appears that the Aard has spotted us, and is giving its danger call. We shall back off, and return to observe later when it has calmed down. I think that's how it works, Sherif. As long as it isn't a picture that will get you arrested or an .exe virus file, I think you are good-to-go. so what should we e -mail <email>?...something like...hi i am a kickstarter backer just confirming my address ? :D I sent you an email, btw. Heading: ELK! Body: ELK! ... Am I taking the joke too far? Answer: ELK! Woohoo! That's one for my reddit post. Good job recruiting today guys, we added 63 new backers and upped the KS $6341! Time to dream about giant rats and hitting $20k by morning. $125 is Great.... But..... $225 is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!! ELK! Welcome aboard spade!! AND ELK! (also: SLLAAATH!) If someone could keep posting the info about the Awesome List while I am finally getting some sleep, I would certainly appreciate it. I really got to crash now. Getting quite late here. That's Awesome Ainyele. That's what I created the list for. To help make sure none of us miss the really Awesome projects. And we can really make a difference in hitting the last stretch goals of a campaign when we join en masse. @Realm- ... And now I'm on AwesomeList, too. Thanks! 125 *is* such a sweet spot. The perfect balance of affordability and arse-tonnes of minis... @Realm - Actually, a post on the KS Reddit mentioned this. I try to promote the ones I'm enthusiastic about there, and have found some good ones going through it. @Aard - That doc is dangerous. Really shows that $125 as such as sweet spot... so tempting. @Realm Master K You can add me as an follow through from the Awesome List. I'd been here awhile back but the number of add ons convinced me it was time to commit! For those that might have missed my earlier post about the Awesome List. We created it to help us keep from missing Awesome Gaming Projects. Here is what I posted earlier. If anyone wants to join the Awesome List, here is a link to sign up via our Mailchimp account. Basically we are a group of people that wanted a way to let each other know about Awesome Gaming Projects. We had a website for a while. Soon it will relaunch. For now we send out updates to keep our members up to date on the greatest and most Awesome gaming projects. It's other name is the Kickstarter Awesome List. We welcome anyone who is interested in joining. <url>~! @Jarrod - :D Holy Spreadsheet, Batman! I got entirely too excited about that doc. Thank you all! Minimal pledge gets 1 of the core 8, 4 "terror birds", a Simurgh - like a big phoenixy dude - a cave lion, and a big rat fellow. You do great work, Aard. @William - You are all signed up and good to go. And you are signed up for just Miniatures and Terrain when the groups launch. For now you will just get the updates that I send out as the groups are not active yet. So you don't need to worry about WIX. <url>#gid=0 Just stumbled on this KS (luckily before it ended). Threw in for $15. Too tired to figure out stretch goals. Will one of you other Ice Age Enthusiasts please kindly tell me what stretch goals currently go with this most minimal of pledges? @William - You should not need to set up anything with WIX. I'm going to look and see if I can find your profile in my list and let you know. BTW - We've done over 400$ since my last post. Keep this up, and we'll hit 20k easy. I'm a sucker for freebies, and my wife likes dinosaurs, so I stumbled on here and became a backer, even though I have no games for minis... Congratulations already. The last update last guaranteed a ton of emails do a small fleet of them with some of the rhinotypes, though, and the big one - like a travelling city? And riders on the chocobos - I just need to figure out how to make something sturdy, yet detachable. @Kerr - Yes, please! And your linky thing sounds neat - if I had another 60$... I might FYI - I'm fairly computer illiterate. @ Realm - sorry to be a needle in your foot, but The WIX want's me to set up a domain, do I need my own to look at yours or get notices? Maybe I'm confused as to what I just singed up for. So far 60 members of the Awesome List have checked out this campaign. I guess the email worked. :) So now I have to over pledge enough to get 3 so I can to the inter-linking thing! Thanks Earl. I hope I can take the Awesome List where I want it to go. I started out with just one friend in Hong Kong. Now we have nearly 1,100 members. When the website went down, the list slowed down in growth. Once I relaunch, I expect things to move quickly. @Aard_Rinn 16 minutes ago I'll need a howda how-to when it arrives, though. Plasticard and papercrafting, maybe? Hmmm.. I just cheat. I've been sculpting for 35 years and NOW I have acess to a laser cutter/engraver. I promise to post the designs.... Thanks, I'll submit. @William - Sorry for the delay. I just resubmitted the form for myself. The mailchimp site sent me an email asking if I really wanted to update my preferences, and when I confirmed that I did, it took me back to the form and let me change them. @Realm thank you, and maybe once I have skills to pay the bills I can help a little Woohoo! and that's 900! whashisface might actually get his 200 pledgers/1000 comments/20k pledges goal! @ Realm - I just checked email and it did send one to me from the page before you put RPG and Terrain in. If I accept, will it allow me to chage that pick of Board to RPG and Terrain? Still waiting to see if I need to just back out and start again with those 2 buttons checked. This is going to look like one of my son's huge plastic dinosaurs, except well sculpted! ...or watch his step to not be toe jam. Almost forgot to overpledge for that bunny gnome. 2,500 to go! only 300 an hour! C'mon! we can do this! I'll need a howda how-to when it arrives, though. Plasticard and papercrafting, maybe? Hmmm... Just upgraded to the 125 lvl for the epics. Gonna love having all those cats. That is one big critter!! @Jared - You are most welcome my friend. Glad you found this one. @Earl - Yes, that is so that when we launch our website and other features we will know what you are interested in. For now we just send out updates. Eventually we hope to send out different updates to different people based on their interests. And yes, you can leave those extra fields blank. We got our 200 backers! Compare: <url>#facrc=_&imgdii=_&imgrc=d6cOEu2hBnyTaM%253A%3BPAKC1iUamaADbM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fwww.ojocientifico.com%252Fwp-content%252Findricotherium_rm.jpg%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fpaleontoriano.blogspot.com%252F2011%252F03%252Findricotherium.html%3B450%3B278 I vaguely remember hearing about this one... Paraceratherium orgosensis,,, one of the 'walking with' shows? So, no silly ;ittle howdah on this one, you build a line castle and link them together to form a moving curtain wall! Okay, I'l go to the next stage, but I want them full sized! @Realm when it asks tabletop or video games, is that asking what I prefer? Also, project ideas, skill sets? Do I leave those blank if I just want to be on the mailing list? I think (2) $225's plus $50 in add-on would get you another 50% more minis. That is an amazing paraceratherium. You really know how to get people to increase their pledges! @Realm - thanks for the heads up :) Anyone else going to get 110 Paraceratherium figures for $500? You are most welcome. We should be the ones thanking you for making all this Awesomeness available. Sleep well. Look down that one page for the Rapturkey, very cool. Yes, plenty of time to sign up later. It will be great to have you on board. I have bigger plans for the project. I have the domain name www.awesomegamingprojects.com That was the website that was live. And it will be again. @Richard Truly such a task would be hare-owing. @ Realm right after submitting, but then I noticed your added items and backed out to do it with the RPG ... I'll try again later, it's too fun looking up these animals right now. :-) Cool pages <url>#skins What about a gaint O P? <url>#gid=0 Okay, there's my 'Elk $20'! Welcome Tyler. Are you a member of the Awesome List? Upped $20. Do it for the elk! So what minis does the $15 pledge give me? Sorry I just got the email from the "awesome list" Did anyone see the Beelzebub Toad on that one wiki page earlier? Really excited to back this. I have a habit of just missing interesting kickstarters by a couple days, so to catch one with just a few hours remaining makes my week. I'm confused about the cave lion and birds and what have you.. do backers at any level get these? I backed only for $30 to get the mammoth and lion, but there are a couple other sculpts that really look awesome. Just want to know if I need to adjust my pledge. Gone 7 hour and it took 40 minutes to check Email, Home page then catch up on Comments. . WOW - Cool Beans, everyone. . Love the O-meme John, gave me a good chuckle. I've always wanted to sculpt one. You see them in fiction regularly; they were the elf mounts in Elf-Quest and the standard mount in the 'Many Colored Land' series (and much as I usually like Whelan's artwork, his were *completely* wrong. I have a muscle study done for me by one of the other Patha artists, Dennis Mize, our in-house extinct critter expert, but never got around to starting on it. I'm with you John. But I really should. So please somebody, bump us over the top. 270... Miss-spelled! Chalicothere! Wow, you get some weird art if you input that to Google I'm not going to bed until we have an elk! Hmm... I know they are a little too early for 'ice age', but one I'd like to see is a chilicothere. I'll toss in an extra bit in case we don't get the Irish Elk and I have to buy him later. If anyone wants to join the Awesome List, here is a link to sign up via our Mailchimp account. Basically we are a group of people that wanted a way to let each other know about Awesome Gaming Projects. We had a website for a while. Soon it will relaunch. For now we send out updates to keep our members up to date on the greatest and most Awesome gaming projects. It's other name is the Kickstarter Awesome List. We welcome anyone who is interested in joining. <url>#gid=0 Well, I've done my part. I'm gonna have to crash for some shut eye soon. Now we just need to wait and see how many of the Awesome Listers join the party. New guy here (from awesome list -woot woot). So if I pledge at $125, what do I get? Apologies for silly questions. I just want to say that I also (as was mentioned in the video) hope for more realistic animals, rather than cartoonish ones. if i pledged with a second account for another 15 can i just pay shipping once and get them shipped together ? ( i know it sound impossible but i won't loose something if i ask ) I'm betting on $20,000 Hanging out and watching the pledges rise...hooray! I think we may hit 17K. so 810 left to ELK! Woo! Just sent out an Emergency Update to the Awesome List members. We'll see how many come by. Get those stretch goals ready. The update hit almost 1,100 inboxes. Will work for minis Mammoth Rat for you. A rat for you and you. Mammoth rats for everyone! <url>#Midwestbestwest @LL And I'll go back to my corner now I'm on the West Coast U.S. (SoCal). So it's 6:00 pm right now. @Dina - How many of each Terror Bird will I receive at the $225 level? 20 more backers to reach 200! Think we can do it? "Our customers are fiends" lol! I know we can be a little obsessive, but I think we're a nice group ;) OK, thanks for the charts. "Our customers are fiends and we aim to entertain." I hope you mean friends... @Benedikt - it's nuts, I know. Try this spreadsheet to be certain but I think you're getting something like 37 different minis with all the freebie, base, and epic stretch goals: <url>#gid=0 I am so stoked about this campaign. The players in my Epic Fantasy Campaign are about to begin a new scenario that will be leading them into a Lost World. I hope to be able to stretch it out long enough to get these minis. The look on their faces will be awesome!! I have been collecting minis for several years for this. But these are going to blow them away. For $125 you get a lot. All stretches. All freebies. Box set. Double epics, correct? Someone else do the math or I may just have to pull the trigger myself. I am a bit confused with all the different stretch goals. Could someone tell me what miniatures I would get for $125? 600$? in 1.5 hrs (since I last logged)? ... acceptable~! We shall reach the deer! My first thought was to run a King Kong/ MJY style campaign though... Even at 60mm though he might not be big enough to fight off some of my Darklands figures. Some of these critters will definitely be entering service in the Caveman/ Neanderthal warband I'm putting together for Song of Blades and Heroes though! i am still at the $15 tier i am afraid if i stayed a little bit more at this comment section i may get crazy and jump to a boxed set lol Wahoo!!!!!!!!!! I told you days ago we'd reach $15,500!!! Yay!!!!!!!! A Gigantopithecus? Really? Crap. How big are we talking? 60mm tall? 80? I really want to add to my pledge now. You guys are going to get me in trouble! $195 left to go for Glyptodon! Goals left after that: $17,000 (Irish Elk and Gigantopithecus for $80 and above, and $20 to add-on). @John H LOVE that "Doom to your Wallet" video.... I am actually terrified @Oldest_One - FINAL? There's two more at $17,000! @Earl Go to the corner, stay there until you realize just how wrong that was..... Ratty! and less than $400 away from the final unlock. <url>#chart-daily Man, I leave for half an hour and you guys go and raise $500. I forgot the link! <url>"Doom to your Wallet". It was made by Nate, an enthusiastic backer of Dwarven Forge. The Dwarven Forge Caverns KS broke $2 mil and several of those backers are here (and everywhere it seems) :) Bout to get started. Keep pledging and spreading the word. Be back soon. :D aH. See problem. Much fix, double-plus-thanks. Back to class now, wowowowowo. Get 16K! hour and a bit! Much goal, so aard. gogogo! Thass wat sez, no? Thass wat sez here... Hey Aard. Wouldn't the $225 level get 2 Giant Rats and 2 Irish Elk? Just checking in via my phone. We have a rat problem, now AW, Rats!! Wooo! BIFF! BAM! BANG! 15k! 2K more! FETCH ME AN ELK! at this rate I think the spincaster is gonna get very dizzy Good catch, Teskal! Spreadsheet updated to 17K goals. <url>"two of Everything' now translate as 3 of each of the epic stretch goals' o.k. I'm in already! everytime I look there is another 2 mini's added! ... now lets get that Gigantopithecus! Hold the fort John. Bye... Looks like I started something. Look at that total grow. I'm sure I'll see a few more goals unlocked by the time I get back online. I just upped mine too. Too much Doom! Gotta Run Guys and Gals, but I leave you with..... Moeritherium Unlocked!! Just upped my pledge to $225. See you when I get back!! For mythical, I think a lindworm would be sweet. That's a kind of serpentine dragon with only two arms, and no wings. @Dina - If you need any volunteers to proof read before next KS, just ask. As you can see, there are a lot of miniature fans hooked on KS and we love to help out. For mythical I'd like to see the pic I use made into a Mini. Its a Snark or Boojum hard to tell the difference one is harmless one isn't but they look the same. Creature is from Lewis Carrol, half SNake half shARK the idea for my image is based on Nose Art from a 1950 missle named Snark @Dina - Elye knows his stuff, he just finished up on a $60k kickstarter last week. He's a stud! @ Dina, cool. I'm sure the update will help clarify things for those who have already pledged. It wouldn't hurt to add that info to the home page too to draw in new folks... maybe some sort of list breaking down exactly what each level gets. Do I bite the bullet and increase by $20 now to guarantee I get at least one elk? hmmmmm Future Question: For the Mythical Collection, are you guys considering Imdugud? <url>"Meowl": <url>"Reverse Griffin". I also really like how a Caracal Imdugud version looks like. Makes for a great familiar or pet. It would be really great if all the things that are being alluded to here-- Elk, giant rat, gigantopithecus, etc.-- were added to the home page and described in an updated. There are so many cool ideas flying around here, but it's basically impossible to keep track of them, and anyone who just stumbles on this campaign is likely to have no idea of all that's available. (E.g.: $125 pledge level sure sounds like its best possible result is 16 total minis, whereas everything being said here indicates way way more than that... definitely enough to draw in people who may be on the fence about pledging.) Doom to my wallet, again! A Gigantopithecus would be cool. The $225 level is the absolute most awesome level of all. If you can swing it, you should. Looks like a total of 66 minis once we unlock the Glyptodon. Now that is a deal!!! My goodness people. Spread the word wherever you can. Let's get them all.... Wuah, wuah, wuah, wuah, wuahh!!!! so all this talk got me exited!! i wanna get another $15 pledge (and give it's freebies as gifts) with another account but the problem is that i will pay international shipping twice :( ...mmm not sure We got this Aard. I am counting on unlocking everything and then some. it is just a matter of time until our pledges hit the goals. I'm only online for about an hour before I'll be off for an hour or two. When I get back I expect to see the Glyptodon unlocked. We can do this guys and gals!!! So, I have class in like 2 minutes. A three hour class. I expect us to hit 15k by the end of it! Pledge, my minions! Pledge! EEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK! Yay! We got the map!!! I was really hoping for that! Cool, I didn't realize that I snagged #700!! We are racing through the comments! 700! Thank you Dina. That confirmation was what I needed. Hmmm, must adjust budget to allow for Epic Prehistoric Mammal Mayhem!!! :D SLAAATH! <url>"We hit $15K and every gets that rat." Does that mean that every backer gets the giant rat or is it just an epic stretchgoal? Yep! Charge! Battle Map is unlocked. Now just $470 to go for the Moeritherium. It's pretty crazy how this kickstarter just exploded in the final hours. I'll admit I was worried about us evening meeting initial funding at the beginning and now look at all the great stuff unlocked. And still going! Let's keep chugging! Here are the two cheatsheets to help you decide: <url>#gid=0 About the planned gnomes, how tall will they be? Half the human size or 3/4 of a human ? @Jan-Philipp - The $30 lets you pick any three from the boxed set of 8. You can get all 3 the same, different, etc. I need to check my math and what is unlocked, but it's something like this: $15 – Any 1 mini from the set + Freebie SGs (7 minis) $20 – T-shirt + Freebie SGs (6 minis) $25 – Any 2 minis from the set + Freebie SGs (8 minis) $30 – Any 3 minis from the set + Freebie SGs (9 minis) $60 – Any 5 minis +1 Base SG + Freebie SGs (12 minis) $80 – The 8 mini set + both Base SG + Freebie SGs (16 minis) $125 – Everything in $80 pledge + TWO of each Epic SG + tshirt (28 minis) @Alexander Why thank you sir. 14k :! @Earl: A noble deed. 667th! Had to get it off that number and will it be possible to increase my pledge once the campaign is over? Hi guys, I just joined :) I pledged 30$, can you tell me what excatly can I get? Can I choose any 3 models that didn't had to be unlocked (even 3 worth 15$ each?)? What freebees will get? And we're up to 35 minis possible on the 125$ pledge, not including the elk... Added the rat to the chart, btw. gonna go stir the frothpot... We need to spread the word some more if we're going to reach the elk. ROUS is looking doable though. Still, gotta hit... what, 16k? 16.5? Gotta get me an elk! I was only gonna spend 30.... ahahahahaha... What he said. @LL - Right there with you. Along with my 2 other KS accounts :( Another cool new mini campaign launched today, but I'm not sharing until this one is done. So, I said to myself "this time we will show a little self restraint. After all, how can you get excited about Dino's"? I was wrong, I am at $125 now, damn... Honey! It's educational! So, a giant rat-type thing? And that'll still be added as an epic goal, right? I heard somebody shouting Tiamat at the battleground! What goddess of dragons? Wait, were is the goddess of dragons? YES!!! Long live King RAT! Deinogalerix is awesome! Love the pic in this article: <url>"Terrible Shrew? <url>"educational" recreations will help existing children or future children or grandchildren better understand the history/development of the Earth... Think that'll help?!? @Realm - I have not gotten confirmation on that. @John - Have we confirmed whether the $225 pledge gets double stretch goals? ie. 4 of each the Epic Stretch Goals And there is another strech goal, worthy to be reached by our travelling tribe of KSers! Just a few days ago I was telling my wife I was in for the $15.00 pedge and maybe a few add-ons. Now I have to explain why I upped my pledge level by something like 900%. I have to stay away from KS after this one. Then DF will have the paint and Dina sounds like a few more...................HELP. @William: So sorry to do such a thing to a fellow traveller into the valleys of Doggerland! Semi-Ninja'd by AU (hey isn't that a precious metal?)-------------------> I hope Dina knows that some of us Terrain Addicts chained to our work tables day and night, may not quite fit in a Medium or even a Large T-Shirt. How big might they run? @ John - Right above the 2 Bunny pictures on the Home page. @John you find it at the home page mentioned as Saber tooth T @William - Good, because I couldn't :) Where was it? Jenney had mentioned it several times. Found it. @ John - Where does it (per your list) say the T-Shirt comes with $125 level? @William - It's the completionist in me that dooms my wallet. I just bumped $75 and moved to $125 level + 2 Bunnies. Would like one of each. :-) Well done! Keep going, there's two more stretch goals out there. Wohooo! I bumped up my pledge to get us up over the 13000 mark. I think I was the second backer, so I may as well cross the finish line. $1 ooooh @ LL - M-A-A (aka - Wife) is not too happy with me and my addiction so he will be sitting this one out. It's too bad. :-( because this is a SCREAMING deal. :-) @Elye Still want Man at Arms... @Aard Is that chart accurate to date? FYI - Here is what Dina has said in response to the "too good to be true" comments: "the actual money goes to the artists and the casting the company is paying for offices, shipping, next minis, et.al. but, you can REALLY help by telling the world that you like the minis once you get them that is the best way to make it happen in the long term" "And, that being said, this KS is more of a marketing campaign for ADW than a profit center. We have the budget to provide even if the price to produce was 20x what is actually is." @ Dina - Could we get the option of one Bunny with and one without Mount as a $10. add-on? That's what I thought, . Wow - It's a BLOW OUT people... It does sound too good to be true, but at 5 bucks a figure (even at the 125 stage).....worth a punt @William - As far as I know, the only minis NOT available at $125 are the locked stretch goals and the rabbit with the gnome rider. Jarrod O yes same here.... i will stick with the $15 and let's see what will happen @Elye - Nice to see you! Thanks for the $125 update on minis, @John H. I bumped from $1 to $125 due to it. :) @ Elye- You must be feeling a little rich. haha @John - Could you put a section in your next list that shows all the add-ons NOT in the $125.00 or more level as part of or freebies, so we know what else to purchase. Thanks I am just concerned with the adage "if it's too good to be true". Awesome that we have already reached the next stretch goal! And still 19 hours to go to unlock the rest. I backed this project from the start at 125 level. We have the opporunity to withness the birth of a new project, maybe a new brand of quality in production standards and game ideas. This may be a one of chance! John H yeah that is what i did the deal is too awesome not to try my luck on Do any of the character sheets, back stories, or bases come with the lower pledge levels? Is it "just" the minis? i don't have any problem with free items but the add-on value isn't fair that way...for example why would anybody pay $15 for Simaugh when he can just get another $15 pledge with another account!! Okay, I just jumped in at $125. Nice to support a fellow old-school sculptor, and I love the concept of an ice-age critter set. Big thanks to Aard_Rinn and John H. for helping to clarify things (honestly the home page is pretty confusing). Looking forward to some cool beasties! @Sherif - If in doubt, just gamble $15. I've been floating on this one for awhile, but finally read enough that I was convinced to go for the Epic stretch goals. They have big plans for their game and this is just the first step to get the word out. @Sherif: This KS is not supposed to make money. It is supposed to promote the idea of Doggerland and open up a way into the warm sea scenery with many more games to come! $65* just backed but those freebies doesn't make sense! how can someone get &65 worth of add-ons on a $15 pledge for free!! Me, too. But we need one bait to lure all those free roaming little creatures to us! I have no doubt we'll hit $13k and unlock the next 2. I'm gonna add 95 to my pledge when I get to school... hopefully, we go high enough that we get 1 or two more epic stretch goals! Woohoo! That is 6 more minis for the $125 backers. And the next strech goal is only $460 away! Hurray for the SG breaker! It is really great to see how livly and creative this comments section is. And now next stretch goal done ;-) I did a spreadsheet! <url>‘sabre-toothed’ cats of ice age North America. This extinct cat was a formidable hunter and evidence suggests it was the major predator of mammoths during its time. Scimitar cats were about the size of a modern lion but had longer, more slender limbs. Their most distinctive feature was their sabre-like teeth a feature that they shared with their American cousins, sabre-toothed cats. Several key features distinguish scimitar cats from sabre-tooths. The canine teeth of scimitar cats were shorter and more slender than those of the sabre-tooth and were finely serrated, making them powerful slicing tools. The scimitar cat had a somewhat unusual build with comparatively long front legs, a sloping back and shorter hind legs. Height: 1.1m (3.5ft) at the shoulder, Weight: 150-250 kg (330-550lb). Smilodon fatalis Smilodon fatalis ("the deadly knife-tooth") is possibly the best-known of the machairodontine saber-toothed cats. It appeared in North America about 1.6 million years ago and later migrated down the west coast of the continent to Peru. It became extinct around 10,000 years ago. This species is estimated to have ranged from 160 to 280 kg (350 to 620 lb). Their teeth are about 7 in. Although the saber-toothed cat has no close living relatives, paleontologists reconstruct how the saber-toothed cat looked by comparing its bones with those of large cats living today. Very powerful front legs and a short tail indicate that saber-toothed cats used stealth and ambush rather than speed to capture their prey. Recent investigations suggest that this saber-toothed cat probably used its long canines to slash through the throat, severing the wind pipe and cutting the jugular. Its teeth were surprisingly delicate and could easily snap off if a prey animal struggled. Its mouth could open up to 120 degrees, whereas its closest living relative, Panthera leo, or lion, can only open its jaws to 65 degrees. A Scimitar is curved and a Saber is straight. Not sure about size and meanness though? what is a scimitar-toothed tiger? i've never even heard of it, and there's mo concept art... just a second saber-tooth? something else? Thanks for the responses. I meant the scimitar tooth tiger that unlocks at $12,500, as opposed to the Smilodon sabertooth that is part of the core set. I upped my pledge to $125 in faith that if enough people do that now that we are so close, it will be a great level since it will get 2 each of four epic goal miniatures (sloth, scimitar tooth tiger, dire wolf, and the new one added today by Dina!) The "Base" Stretch goal is my own term to differentiate between the freebies that every pledger gets and the Epics that the $125+ pledgers get. The base stretch goals are the bear and hyena. You get 1 at $60 and both at $80 and up. The sabretooth is part of the boxed set so you'd only get one. The scimitartooth is an epic stretch goal so you should get two when it is unlocked. @Zoroaster100: I think sabertooth (Smilodon) is part of the core box. At the 125 level you get the sabertooth T-Shirt, too. I believe I saw on the first page about $125 pledge getting sabertooth tiger if unlocked. And $125 pledge level gets 2 of each epic unlocked. Is the sabretooth tiger an epic? If I up my pledge to $125 level, and the Kickstarter reaches $12,500, do I get one sabre tooth tiger included with my pledge, 2 of them, three of them? the base SG are the bear and the hyena What is this 1 Base SG? If we reach $13,000 (and my math is right!) $15 - Any 1 mini from the set + Freebie SGs (7 minis) $20 - T-shirt + Freebie SGs (6 minis) $25 - Any 2 minis from the set + Freebie SGs (8 minis) $30 - Any 3 minis from the set + Freebie SGs (9 minis) $60 - Any 5 minis +1 Base SG + Freebie SGs (12 minis) $80 - The 8 mini set + both Base SG + Freebie SGs (16 minis) $125 - Everything in $80 pledge + TWO of each Epic SG + tshirt (28 minis) I think hitting all the stretch goals is a real possibility at this point. I'll be keeping my eyes glued to this page! @Kevin - The $125 pledge gets you the Boxed set of 8, the 6 freebies, the 2 basic stretch goals, and two of the sloth. Once we hit $12,500 it will unlock 2 each of the dire wolf, scimitar toothed tiger, and Archaeotherium. Plus a t-shirt. Here's a rundown: $15 – Any 1 mini from the set + Freebie SGs $20 – T-shirt + Freebie SGs $25 – Any 2 minis from the set + Freebie SGs $30 – Any 3 minis from the set + Freebie SGs $60 – Any 5 minis +1 Base SG + Freebie SGs $80 – The 8 mini set + both Base SG + Freebie SGs $125 – Everything in $80 pledge + TWO of each Epic SG + tshirt If someone knows, might as well include up to the $12,500 stretch goal, as it'll be hit for sure. What is the list of minis that $125 actually receives right now (not unlocked addons that cost additional money above the $125)...? $231 to go to unlock THREE more minis. Dire Wolf! Backerkit is another. I have used these as a backer, but I have no experience with them from the other side. Might be worth sending a note to some other KS Creators to get their input. @Dina - Fundafull and companies like it act as a post-Kickstarter survey to sort out how backers want their pledge dollars spent. They also have an option to let backers add on paypal funds if they couldn't finalize their pledge amount during the kickstarter timeframe. They are not free, but make your job much easier to figure out what people want. @Dina, there are various ways to handle pledge manager add-ons. Impact Miniatures does final ordering through a spreadsheet, and any extra payment is made through PayPal right at that time. Phoenix and Wendigo would be great. Maybe some sort of serpent or monitor lizard? or you can do it through paypal... Something like that would be really nice - offer people who have to spend a bit of time getting that $ together some flexability. It's only been in the last day that 125's been worth it - that's not much time for me to scrape up money... but I really do want to get the 125 pledge! *DUBBLESLATH!* @Dina not that I know of.. I think he means like fundafill and other post KS fullfillment services but as far as I know they aren't free services by KS. they are their own companies... I know the Simurgh is mythical in its own right, and has some similarities with a Homa... but is there any chance that a Phoenix might be appearing in your mythical creatures set? or possibly a wendigo? We need some of the $80 pledgers to upgrade to $125 and we'll get everything unlocked. i look forward to the sea monsters and mythical beings... sea monsters will look great in my DF cavern's KS water packs that are coming... But there won't be any way to add to our pledge past the end of the campaign? :c this makes the 125 pledge the real deal! 376 to go for 3x Epic SG releases... (12.5K is an biggie in SGs) Wonderful to hear and a great Thanks you for your friendly offer! Yeah - I want to up to 125, but I don't have the COH atm. I'd definately up it in a pledge manager, or by paypal if you'd allow it... That are great news! I am really happy about the progress of your work! Dina - Question in comments below - Will there be a post KS funding mechanism (fund-a-fil or ?) like some other KS's, in case an add-on unlock happens at end, before we all can up our amount before it all ends? Wow, Dina, you are so generous! I just put it on Backershub. Kickstarter addicts are always a good bet (trust me, I know this too well) Pre-Historic or Ice Age Clubs or web sites? Elementary and Middle Schools? Dinosaur or Big Bird Groupies? Time to post links to this KS on your favorite sites to try and nudge us to the Dire Wolf! Goodmorning Dina, hope you had a great BD evening. Will you be using another after KS funding mechanism (fundafil or ?), so we can up our amount if something unlocks in the final minutes? I updated my cheatsheet to reflect the new unlocked stretch goals. <url>"epic" stretch goals will be add-ons? I'm interested in the art/sculpts for the Dire Wolf and Dinofelis. Are there any hidden stretch goals if we do go over (if it's possible by the end) the $15,500 goal? In the far future, I'm hoping for these for Doggerland: (Anybody else have their own list?) Deinotherium Haast’s Eagle or Argentavis Megalania Megaloceros or Cervalces scotti Thylacosmilus atrox or Thylacoleo carnifex Viverra leakeyi or Ekorus ekakeran Deinogalerix Paraceratherium (Aka Indricotherium) Arsinoitherium Chalicothere Amphicyon (aka Beardogs) Canis latrans Orcutti (Coyote that was the size of a wolf) Chasmaporthetes (The Hyena that is built like a cheetah) Hyaenodon American Lion ------------ Therapsids! (Especially Gorgonopsia, with either skin like a Sphynx cat or slight fuzzyness) I think PDFs of the drawing alone for a SG would have been cool! I know that I, at least, plan on doing the Brasilbird (TB2) up as a chocobo, and possibly a few of the others. BTW, I've been calling them the: Bullockorn Brasilbird (BRAY-sill-burd) Paraphysorn Gastorn because that's easier to say than saying out the whole word. (Since someone was talking about name length). Those seem like things non-researchers might shorten latin names to, were they, say, running from and shouting about the bird in question. "Oh fuck, the Brasilburd's on me arse!" seems much more... vibrant... than "Oh my word, I'm being chased by a Paraphysornis-brasiliensis!" Whoa! Comments exploding! Love to see an active Kickstarter. Let's bust some more stretch goals. Sweet! Hey everybody. If you want to know more about some of the animals in this Miniature Set, go check out this link. There are links you can click on each animal that lead you to Knowledge Cards for a game called Weird and Wild Creatures. The cards themselves are super cool. I think you will get a kick out of them. I ran across them yesterday while searching for some of the names on this campaign. <url>"run it's Bullockornis!" And before they even finish with the last syllable, they're eaten... Is it possible to get PDFs of the drawings? They are very good.... This KS makes me think of the old Willy Wonka song.... "I Want it Now!" ((( O.O ))) } { ((( ))) SLLAAATHHH! Kinda slow there, Aard_Rinn ... ... ... ... ... SLAAATH!!!!!!!! The mammoth makes me want to stop DMing and make a druid so I can have an awesome animal companion. :) I like the DDD and hairy rhino the best Hey, which ice age creatures here do you (everyone) like the most? For me it is the DDD and the other Terrorbirds. @Aard_Rinn Hi! Happy 19th birthday! I think I'll get the bunny sans rider... Reminds me of the Monty Python Vorpal Bunny! Happy Birthday! Also: Hi, Teskal! @Dina: Happy Birthday to you! @Creator thanks for the answer Happy Birthday! Happy birthday! What is a bunny and/or bunny with mount? @LimboLance - FYI. With the $30 pledge you can get any combo from the boxes set. IE - Three mammoths. @LimboLance - Yes, the DDD is the Bullockornis. I LOVE that sculpt! The $30 pledge gets you the freebie SGs (Lion and birds). At the $80 level you also get the Bear and Hyena. At $125 you get the sloth and any other epic SGs that get unlocked. @LimboLance If I read it correct it is this one (could someone confirm it?): <url>’s $15 for 6. 1 Pick plus 4 terror birds and a cave lion My, you are being increadibly generous Dina. $15 for 5 miniatures? phew. That is an amazing deal. Yeah, the thing about the bear was here: <url>#comment-7062763 @Dina - Thanks again for putting up with my pestering. Here's my updated cheatsheet. I'll work on adding pics. <url>#1 (Bullockornis) Terror Bird #2 (Paraphysornis) Terror Bird #3 (Dinos Gastornis) Terror Bird #4 (Brontornis Burmeiseri) Terror Bird #5 (Simurgh) - LOCKED Cave Lion Are the Bear and Hyena the two add-ons that are included with an $80 pledge? Just upped my pledge from 30 to 80 after seeing the video. Might go for the 125 if we make epic. kk! @Dina - Thanks for helping us to clarify. I can see now that the birds have different wording "Every pledger gets a single free ...", but who is eligible to get the bear, lion, and hyena? How do they get them? Also, any chance of some art updates? Dina, thanks for the responses. You are offering a great deal to your backers. I've pledged for the box set ($80), and will consider upping to $125 if we unlock some Epic goals. so the hyena is an add-on, not a bonus to everyone? 400 comments, and looking good for 11.5k! I'm in for $15. If I get a clear menu, I will likely increase my pledge. I agree, we could really use a list of what minis you get at every pledge level. Don't want people to feel they had the wool pulled over their eyes after funding is completed. I pledged for the box set, but stil a bit confused. However, I believe I will get all 8 minis and all the add-ons. Right? @ Dina - Earlier 2 questions brought to the top due to being a bit confused, just to be sure. . 1. - As I keep reading over and over, are the "stretch goals" considered the freebies of certain pledge levels (it's not about add-ons)? . 2. - What is the lowest pledge level amount that will let me Purchase any Add-Ons (non-epic and/or epic)? . Also - John posted this earlier and would like you to look over it to confirm or clarify, . . John H about 8 hours ago I worked on a cheat sheet today to help myself understand. This has NOT been verified by Dina so it likely contains errors. I put this together based on the home page and comments that I have found. I would love to see an official version of this on home page that I could share on other KS and websites. <url>"size" section don't match up with the named pictures. @John You could also add the t-shirt to your cheat sheet. Dina wrote below the Add-on chart: "At a Pledge of $125 or above, you get the SaberTooth T, for free!! (Scroll down for a photo.)" I worked on a cheat sheet today to help myself understand. This has NOT been verified by Dina so it likely contains errors. I put this together based on the home page and comments that I have found. I would love to see an official version of this on home page that I could share on other KS and websites. <url>"freebies" (may select them with pledge level choices)... All minis are also available as add-ons. Their costs are... . . I am mostly interested in this section => "Minis not given as "freebies" (may select them with pledge level choices)..." Just saw the awesomelist email! excellent - hope this brings some folks in! SLOTH! Good job guys, now let's get that saber tooth and dire wolf! I would like a menu for the items that are not given as freebies. I know I will back $15 for the Elasmotherium because she's awesome. Should I increase to $30 to get two more? I usually don't like duplicates. What e̲x̲a̲c̲t̲l̲y̲ are my options? O.K. I'm in, still a bit confused though. 2 questions - I would like the answer from Dina please, just to be sure. . 1. - As I keep reading over and over, are the "stretch goals" considered the freebies of certain pledge levels (it's not about add-ons)? . 2. - What is the lowest pledge level amount that will let me Purchase any Add-Ons (non-epic and/or epic)? Also, sorry about my confusing question I sent directly a few days ago. Thanks for any help. Bill @Dina - I just sent out an update with this Campaign on it to the Awesome List. It's going to hit over 1,000 inboxes, 1,099 to be exact so hopefully we get an influx of backers. On to the EPIC Stretch Goals!! 10K! Whoop! Whoop! 10k! Slath! SLATH! @Dina - Here is the Enter the Dungeon KS that many of us just came over from. <url>"enter the dungeon" KS that just finished up for 3D terrain doors and entrances... Soooo much awesome stuff there. Playlist of Ice Age Mammal songs! Cage the Elephant, "Sabertooth Tiger": <url>"Princess Sabertooth": <url>"Sabertooth Tiger": <url>"Tarpit": <url>"Tarpit Carnivore"" <url>"The Dire Wolf": <url>"Dire Wolf": <url>"In the Days of the Caveman": <url>"Big Wooly Mammoth": <url>"Wooly Rhino": <url>"Prehistoric Pigs Once Ruled the World": <url>"Attack of the Giant Sloth": <url>"Prehistoric Dog": <url>"Prehistoric Bird": <url>"The Look." I had to lower my pledge she said if I want to leave Japan in her good graces- I think that would be the wisest decision at the moment! I want to have my Elasmotherium breaking through the Giant's gate ;) I want them all!!!!!!!!!!!! $253 to the Giant Sloth love the terror birds! @Jenney $125 and above get double epic stretch goals as they become unlocked. Yup, that is what is scaring me ..... @Peter J - That Bullockornis sculpt is one of my favorites. Will be hard to decide until I see them all. Of course, once we see them all I'll probably end up wanting more of each. Right now I fancy 4 of the Bullockornis. Is that right Dina ? That's how I understand it John. In addition Dina has said previously she sees no reason why if you want 4 of 1 Terror Bird in stead of 4 different you can't have them. @Zach - Welcome aboard! My understanding... $15 gets you ONE mini from base set. Access to all add-ons (pricing on main page) AND these freebies: Terror Bird #1 (Bullockornis) Terror Bird #2 (Paraphysornis) Terror Bird #3 (Dinos Gastornis) Cave Lion Cave Bear Terror Bird #4 (Brontornis Burmeiseri) Simurgh - LOCKED @Dina - Please correct if I'm wrong. I want to start promoting this KS to others. I ask because 6 free minis plus my one can choose for $15 seems too good to be true. Ok, so I'm new here and confused. With a $15 pledge, what do I get? What stretch goals do I qualify for, or do I need to pledge more to get stretch goals? @Jenney - That is correct. and I think $125 is double epic SGs... right? did I remember seeing that somewhere? I've been working on writing up a "cheat sheet" on my blog to try and lure in more backers. Here's what I have for the SGs now: All Pledges (Freebie Stretch Goals) Terror Bird #1 (Bullockornis) Terror Bird #2 (Paraphysornis) Terror Bird #3 (Dinos Gastornis) Cave Lion Cave Bear Terror Bird #4 (Brontornis Burmeiseri) Simurgh - LOCKED $80 and above (Base Stretch Goals) Cave Hyena TBD? $125 and above (The Epic Stretch goals) Giant sloth - LOCKED Scimitar Toothed Tiger (Dinofelis) - LOCKED Dire Wolf (Canis Dirus) - LOCKED Archaeotherium - LOCKED ALL minis will be available as add-ons to ALL pledge levels. Dina also mentioned that everyone gets a cave lion when I asked. The only one, I believe, is an addon is the hyena unless you're at a higher level. I believe you get more than just the 2 extra minis free at this point. Dina will clarify for you! @Realm Master K - You are correct about the bear: <url>#comment-7062763 So what is the 2nd $80 mini? howdy back @Realm Master K - I don't think that is right. The $80 pledge level mentions "2 additional miniatures" and I believe they are the Cave Bear and Cave Hyena. The $135 pledge that Lisa mentioned included $10 for the gnomes on bunnies. Welcome, Jenney! Good to see other from Griffin over here! Well, I got my sister to toss in a pledge for 30$ - that was her asking about the mammoth below. She was like "can I have a chocobo" and I was like "arse off, get yer own!" @John - If I am not mistaken, the Hyena is a $10 Add On. Dina gave everyone the Bear earlier in the comments, but you need to add $10 for the Hyena. So for the whole ball of wax the pledge is $135 once we unlock the Epic Stretch Goals, they will all be doubled for $125 Backers. Here is what one of the Backers posted earlier to give you an idea of how much awesomeness you will get. Lisa Bobo about 20 hours ago So, if I up my pledge to $135, I would get 1 Andrewsarchus, 1 Gomphotherium, 1 Doedicurus, 1 Unitatherium, 1 Mini Mammoth, 1 Smilidon, 1 Elasmotherium, 1 Dinohyus, 1 Dinos Gastornis, 1 Bullockornis planei, 1 Paraphysornis-Brasiliensis, 1 Cave Lion, 1 Cave Bear, 1 Brontornis burmeister, 1 Cave Hyena, and because we will reach $15,500, 2 Giant Sloths, 2 Simurgh, 2 Dinofelis, 2 Dire Wolves, 2 Archaeotherium, and last but not least a beautiful pdf masterpiece battle map. Oh, and 2 gnomes on bunnies and a sabertooth T! Is it September yet!!! Dina, please correct us if we are mistaken. @Dina - Thanks! That makes sense. Sorry for all the questions. I'm clarifying for potential backers to help us get a little closer to those other stretch goals :) What are the 6 Epic stretch goal minis? I am seeing four. Here's my breakdown of the mini stretch goals. Does this look right? For Every Pledge Level (Freebie stretch goals) Terror Bird #1 (Bullockornis) Terror Bird #2 (Paraphysornis) Terror Bird #3 (Dinos Gastornis) Cave Lion Terror Bird #4 (Brontornis Burmeiseri) Simurgh - LOCKED $80 and above (Base Stretch Goals) Cave Bear Cave Hyena $125 and above (The Epic Stretch goals) Giant sloth - LOCKED Scimitar Toothed Tiger (Dinofelis) - LOCKED Dire Wolf (Canis Dirus) - LOCKED Archaeotherium - LOCKED @John: As I understand it, even the pledgle level $15 is eligible. The purpose of this KS is to bring high quality miniatures to the people, who love ice age mammals and get them intereseted in the wonderful world of Doggerland. Which pledge levels are eligible to purchase add-ons? dumb question... will we be able to see all the final sculpts before we have to chose our minis in the pledge manager? I'm not 100% decided on all my slots. ok, I'm in. @Dina Of course, we will break $15,500. Even if we were to end at the level we are now; I get a cave bear...and a mini mammoth...and an elasmotherium...all wonderful minis! KP! Vielen Dank! Ja, du kannst das mini-mammoth. As one of your three animals - it's not a stretch goal. So I can get a mammoth, right? Yeah, that's what confused me. I've got it straight, but might be good to clearly mark which SGs are epic like you did with the sloth. I want to help more people get on board :) BTW - I'd been waiving on this KS for awhile until I saw the elasmotherium. I absolutely love that sculpt. kk! That's what I thought! Wooo! We've beat 1K today, with a little over 11 hours remaining. If we can keep this up, we'll get the 11,5k goals and the 12,5k! Speaking of which - the wolf & cat; are they Epic goals, or does everyone get them? So, if I up my pledge to $135, I would get 1 Andrewsarchus, 1 Gomphotherium, 1 Doedicurus, 1 Unitatherium, 1 Mini Mammoth, 1 Smilidon, 1 Elasmotherium, 1 Dinohyus, 1 Dinos Gastornis, 1 Bullockornis planei, 1 Paraphysornis-Brasiliensis, 1 Cave Lion, 1 Cave Bear, 1 Brontornis burmeister, 1 Cave Hyena, and because we will reach $15,500, 2 Giant Sloths, 2 Simurgh, 2 Dinofelis, 2 Dire Wolves, 2 Archaeotherium, and last but not least a beautiful pdf masterpiece battle map. Oh, and 2 gnomes on bunnies and a sabertooth T! Is it September yet!!! Wooo! no there are 5 epic stretch goals and as Dina said if you back epic ($125 and up) you get two of each of the epics. If everone went up to the $125 pledge and up I'm sure we would make all 5 of the epic stretch goals Thanks for letting me know. Is the sloth the only Epic stretch goal? Is the Cave Lion a $10 or $15 addon? Now that the hyena is unlocked, I've added him on! DING! Fries are Done! There I upped mine another $10. Now if everybody else would do the same the Simurg will be unleashed upon the world. Will the Sea Monsters be full body sculpts or partially submerged sculpts? I think if you put that doubleup offer on epic stretch goals on the top of the main page might get a bit more traction Woo! Edging up on the Hyena, and it's already been a 700$ day - and we're only four hours in! Everything's looking good for the Simurgh! New to this campaign. I couldn't find details on the Epic level. Could you post what each level gets on the main page? That might help lure some people to jump from the boxed set to Epic pledge. Sorry if I'm being a bit slow but what do I get with the $80 pledge as opposed to upgrading to the to the $125 pledge? If we can do 700 a day, we should hit the simurgh... Earlier I was afraid this wouldn't be funded, but now we're just moving right along. I'm trying to get everyone I know to back you! How much is it to add-on the Cave Bear to a pledge level? I can't seem to find the info for it. Maybe I'm just missing it. Also for the Sea Monsters. Will they be full bodied versions? Or partially submerged versions? Let us get some SEAMONSTER! while we are on our journey across the warm sea! No, not the beast, we need it to break the foremost barrikades! *eyes the Unitatherium* Yes, what *shall* we eat? Where should we get all the food for the people and the Simurgh from? This will be a large landing party at the end of this KS when we reach the shores of Doggerland! So, we're 1/3 of the way through the KS day, and already at 410. I think if we keep going at this rate, we're going to see some amazing numbers at the end... Our Trending # keeps going up, and I'm willing to bet we hit the Simurgh, at least. And 300 comments, too! Now we got the bear, and the birdiees, one Earl, and looking for the sloth. We are like a prehistoric circus moving through KS. Oh, stop it you Can we keep him? I promise to feed him and keep him and call him Earl... No need to thank me guys, lol. Woo! 8,500! Just for clarification, does the $15 pledge get the unlocked birds and Smilodon ? And I thought we are now enough warriors to kepp the hyena at bay! Welcome, 100! We're just 179 off, now... And after that, it's just 1k to the Hina! Hurray! We are one hundred backers! Dina can you clarify double unlocks for epic, does that mean for epic unlocked critters vs. things already unlocked like bears and lions @Lisa Bobo: One Day ago Dina posts a generous offer, for wich I am very gratefull. This makes the $125 pledge such a great deal: "We will do everyone 2 better If you are eligable for EPIC stretch unlocks, we we give you double your normal unlocks... Breathless we are waiting for the one that makes our number whole, the one and only # 100 backer! If it isn't too much trouble, would it be possible to have a ruler next to the sculpts we've seen, or next to them in the future? Helps get an idea how big some of these animals are going to be. Some of us need to plan shelf space accordingly. Huzzah! been sitting on the fence on this one but just backed at the $80 lvl the neigh sayers convinced me to back it 4 dollar. So close. Much pledge. I love the mix of cute and fierce! The more scary minis the merrier. I'm excited about the Cave Bear and the terror birds and the cave lion and the mini mammoth and... Dina wants to drown us in minis. I'm okay with that. :) Or maybe this Kickstarter is such a good deal that it's hard to believe in this modern world... Actually, I think I'm more dense then confused... :P Okay, I know I shouldn't be confused, but tell me how much more awesome the $125 level is than the $80 level...is it just the added minis when we hit Epic stretch goals? I know, and I love it. I appreciate all of my Kickstarter friends immensely. It's why I started the Awesome List. It really is great to be able to reach out to all of you. :D Just ribbing you! Took a break at work and saw we broke it. I can't watch every campaign all the time. lol Oh, no, I meant the 7.5k party. I knew I'd seen you round... I've been here a while. Just upped to $125 Today from $80. Hey, K! Bit late to the party, eh? And the Cave Bear is now unlocked!! Well, I think this settles my question. Thank you! How will you depict it? With a face of a women, a man or a dog? And I heard stories told in Sanskrit about this bird of prey! Other travelers called it the king of all birds! It's like Ho-Oh from Pokemon. It's a sort of a phoenix. Psst, some say it is the Phoenix! O-O I clicked the link and the *world* thumped! What is a Simurgh anyways? You heard the man! All together ROW! Where is big wooden drum? That said, there are 16 hours left in the Kicktraq day. Shall we see if we can hit 8.5k and get the next bird? We've already done 700 so far today, so.... Ugh, *fine*. I will pledge to your stupid smelly mammothstarter, and I will share all my luckies, BUT... You guys've got to get me Mr. Simurgh. You heard me! Pledgie pledgie! @Aard: No use. Because only at this place we got birdies and gnomes and thingies that go bump in the KS, and maybe deep digging bagders (My brain is just free falling). They can all sniff your luck out! O-O They know my secret! If they catch me, then they'll make me pledge to ALL the Kickstarters! O_O I must run. @Aard: So you are a luckcharm during the last hours for every KS. I am glad that we have you on board! Hm... Kicktraq is optimistic! The ending estimate is at 10.7k atm, but there's usually a last days peak - I know I always up my pledge to the final amount the same day that it ends, just because I don't want to forget about a KS and overdraw my account. Hopefully, we'll hit 11.5 - I want bigbird! <url>"That big bear belongs to everyone", do you mean that every pledge gets a bear? Or is it an add-on? So I am curious, do you guys do all your casting in house? You'll be producing all your own models? Hey just saw the sculpt for the Rhino, pretty hot. How big will the Cave Bear be compared to a 28mm human figure? With the double minis for everyone who is eligable for EPIC stretch unlocks, the $125 pledge is a great deal unlike any other offer! I will spread the word as far as I can shout and repeat it at least every half hour to everyone in my vicinity. Excited to see the cave bear unlocked! Great job guys. No worries, Dina! Some people suck (not Doggerland). I can tell that these animals are a labor of love. That just makes me happier to back this kickstarter. In other news, YAY, we get CAVE BEARS!!!! Great! I love stretch goals, especially the ones right behind us! Good spotting! $7,500 @David Where is the bear? Is that a giant prehistoric cave bear I see over there? I think this is a cool project and I am really looking forward to getting the miniatures. Enough that I've put a good amount of money down in support of it. But seriously guys, don't air private greviances in a public forum. It just makes you look unprofessional and scares off potential backers. Some of the posts below are so bizarre and poorly spelled that for a little bit I was worried you guys had been hacked or something. I've been with this project since the very beginning, don't make me doubt you in the final stretch. So, is there anyway to get other views of the mammoth? He looks neat from the front and I'd love to see other angels on him =) Lovely work on these, they're very cool ^^ To the whole doggerland team: Well spoken. Nothing to add. Everything else is not worth neither our time nor our attention. Doggerland provides us with visions about a fantasy world we have not jet seen nor entered. Their art treats their vision in a tender way. The dense fragrance of a primorial woodland fills our nostrils as we stand at the gates to Doggerland. Green golden light trickling through the thick canopy of leaves fills our eyes as tears are running down our cheeks in recognition of a long forgotten past of our own, our own imagination brought to live by very bright minded artists. BTW I am not from the CReaper forum. I don't even know what it is. I've never brought anything from Reaper in my life. Mistaken identity? Okay, I really don't know what I've said to cause such offence. It was not intentional and I apologise for it. I do not work for Reaper. I have nothing against women working in this industry (the opposite is true in fact). And I wish this project every success. But you obviously don't want me on this project so I will leave. Question, if this KS doesn't reach the funding level for the epic stretch goals, will the minis become available on your website at a later date? IE, I want a direwolf, if this project stops at say $12,000, will I be able to purchase a pack of wolves later? Second, I love the beast riding gnomes, I would love to see different poses or weapons for the Lapine cavalry. I'm adding $20 for a squad of rabbit riders. Yah cave lion! I am really excited about the minis. Now I just need to find an excuse to include them in my 40K games. I am also confused. Gender discrimination has no place here. There are sculptures, comments, and miniatures that are crafted to titillate rather than show women in armor or clothing that would make sense. I would suggest people take a look at this tumblr to see how women can be portrayed: <url>| Yay lions! Let's go for bears!!! Does everyone get a Lion, too? or only at what level? Slerth. A slerth of sloths. Damn I hope we reach the sloth... If we do can I add another 2 to my pledge? (what's the group name for sloth... herd, pack, clump, nest??) @Realm - the trouble us the project has moved on since the rewards were written. The original eight extra minis were:- Cave bear Cave hyena Bullockornis (was originally epic) Cave lion (was originally epic) Giant sloth (epic) Dinofelis (epic) Canis Dirus (epic) Archoetherium (epic) So two of the extra epic stretch goals have been converted to "all backers" (plus two extra birds have also been added). So for your extra $45 you will get an extra 4 figures if the pledge level gets to $15.5k, but you won't get any unless $10k is exceeded. Worse case your $45 will cover the first three epic stretch goals as add-ons. I just screwed that up, I meant that it totaled 4 extra minis not 3. Sorry. I see these 4 Sloth Dinofelis Canis Dirus Archoetherium Thanks for the clarification. I still am not clear on this however. The Sloth and everything after totals to 3 Minis, plus the Free Simurgh that everyone gets once we reach the stretch goal. Yet in the description of the $125 Tier it says that it includes access to all of the Epic Stretch Goals which includes 6 extra minis. What are the other 3 minis? Would that be the Cave Bear, and the Cave Hyena? LIONS!!! I know I'm late but still excited..... I would say it is everything after the "Epic Stretch Goals!!" title, i.e from the $10,000 Giant Sloth onwards @Dina - I have searched the front page and the updates and have not found a list of what is included in the Epic Stretch Goals. Is there a list someplace that we can look at to determine if the $125 level is the right tier for us to pledge? Thanks grar! lion WooHoo! We got lions. I'm excited with the doggerland game and World. World you introduce to use so me of the game mechanics ir rules? I think that this could help to add more expectation to te next doggerland kickstarter launch.... I'm excited with the doggerland game and World. World you introduce to use so me of the game mechanics ir rules? I think that this could help to add more expectation to te next doggerland kickstarter launch.... Will the area around the birds' feet be textured/ made into some sort of integrated base? I'm afraid they won't be able to stand on their own otherwise. Also, just to further clarify- as long as someone is pledging for at least one animal, they are entitled to the free birds, correct? Figure I can help field any questions that come up regarding that, as I went ahead and put up an updated post on Dakka Dakka, so hopefully that pulls some more traffic your way. Is there an option/add-on to have the miniatures painted? Shared the project on Facebook. Unfortunately a fairly low % of my friends are RPGers. I am hopeful that those with interest share as well. Thanks Dina. I fancy a flock of birds .... Hi. When the time comes, can we pick to have two or more of one of the bonus minis instead of 2 or 3 different ones ? Let's go everyone! I want a cave bear! What do the final animals look like? Like the dinohysus? Then we can paint them to look real? Given that you are running *this* KickStarter, any chance of doing the models for this project, before doing more on the models for your next KickStarter? ;-) :-) Yes, a diminutive Amazon rider would work great for me! A small body, would be ideal for a quick conversion to swap in a larger chibi head. Great illustration on the gnome alchemist! YEA!!!! It's funded!!! I can't wait!! Could we see a photo of the birds next to the bun please? Pondering mounts for an avian squadron... Hmm, I'm going to need a 6-pack of bunnies for a cavalry (lapinry?) squadron. More birdies to us all! G-g-g-g-goala! Congratulations! Great to see this project coming alive! Congrats! Two gnomes for me, too! Count me in for gnomes too please, but could we also have some petite female ones sans beards? Perhaps for dragonfly riders, or as scouts on giant ferrets? I must compliment adwgames for being amazingly flexible and responsive. Not that I wish to see a diversion from prehistoric mammals. There's still Sivatherium and Diprotodon to go! If I understand everything right I must add 10 USD to my 125 USD to get two bunnyriding gnomes. They are not included in my pledge already? You guys sure do work fast, and I'm excited to see things less than $200 away from fulfillment! Bunny Gnome looks awesome. I love the gnome dragonflies! I'm definitely in for the gnomes! I'd like to see a gnome with a pet (familiar?) Maybe sitting with a lizard or gila or something - not a mount, or maybe a baby mount that they're raising, but a pet. Or maybe something that they're raising to rehabilitate/release into the wild? Giant dragonflies would be fun... but I am not so sure about gnomes myself, but I am sure there will be plenty of people who will like them Fantastic, I'll do so now. let me forward your message to the song of blades groups and see if anyone else jumps in. I think gnomes could have not-necessarily-lethal, entangling weapons like nets, man-catchers and bolas. Me! 1/4 Dina, how do I add four rabbit-riding gnomes to my pledge? Should I just modify my pledge and add $20? The hare-riding gnome is a must have! Actually, I would like to build a small warband out of them. I suppose there could be (on another Kickstarter) gnomes in other poses and weapon types? :-) Good to see some progress happening over the time i spent getting to Europe. Good to see Rick here -waves- Congratulations Belgium on tonite's game (I am in Brugge right now, and it ain't quiet) Thank you for the very quick response re the add-ons. Here's to the dire wolf! I'm struggling a bit to understand what I might get at a particular pledge level with this KS, so please check my understanding: - If I back at $60 + shipping I get: 5 minis from the initial range (my choice) +1 Stretch goal mini? There aren't any yet - so do I get +1 mini anyway or does this only kick in if funding reaches $7K (the Lion, which I get free any way at that level) or $7.5K (the Bear)? Once funding is achieved ($6.5K) I get +3 Terror Birds Also: At $7K I get a bonus Lion At $8.5K I get another bonus - a new type of Terror Bird Am I understanding all this right - the front page for this KS seems very busy and isn't the easiest to follow. I'd like to be sure on what I'm backing before putting money in. Thanks. PS - How thick and what size/shape are the bases for these minis - I assume the thick blocky ones shown are for sculpting on, what will the finished products be based on? Second that. Dina - if you could get a list of add-ones and prices up, I'm certain there will be a sudden and dramatic surge in pledges! Everyone here might be interested in the Cave Wars Yahoo Group if you haven't come across it yet. I already gave a shout-out for this project there a week ago: <url>"Seamonsters!" standalone Game and the RPG. The creativity of the whole project is just amazing! Wow! Great to see that there are other people who like prehistoric mammals as much as I do! I really like the look of the sculpts so far, keep up the good work. We are very close to see what it looks like the next miniature. And it is a very good one!! i'm very excited!! Over the $5K mark by week's end! Great to see a head of steam building up. Doggerland cometh! Getting close to $5K, keeping my fingers crossed and visiting kicktraq everyday. I love the sea monsters that you have updated. all these drawings belong to a new project? "the hand- sculpted miniature sea monsters"? Found this Kickstarter on TMP and I'm glad I did. The miniatures look fantastic! I'm really hoping this reaches full funding! You have no idea how much I want to get these on my painting bench!!!! Glad to see we're still climbing towards the goal, nice and steady. glad to see that we have continued progress, have made a couple of comments here and there re: the KS I am delighted to see that we are hitting $4500. Let us keep spreading the word about this wonderful project. So how do the epic minis and the stretch goal (non-free) minis work? If I order the 30$-for-three pledge, can I get a SLLLLAAAAATH as one of my figures? Can I get the Cave Bear? Feel free to contribute to this thread :-) <url>"Epic Stretch Goals" you have at the $11.5k level "Every pledger gets a single free Simurgh mini". So do you mean "every pledger" or do you mean "pledgers eligible for epic stretch goals"? Also, could we get a shot of the Buckthorn from level with the table? I'd love to see more of it from the side... Speaking of sea monsters, any chance of an aquatic figure or two? I'd love a crocodilian of some sort... Or a giant sloth! Big improvement on the front page. And nice to see more sculpts. I think that you haven´t add all the terror birds in the stretch goal line, have you? Now everyone is going to insist on a brown paper bag add on ;) I'd rather have nice boxes too. But if something has got to give ... ;-) I feel that style is a paramount issue of the Doggerland project. I would really prefer nice boxes especially with this first product of the line, the starting point of everything jet to come. If printing of new boxes may be an issue, you could use unprinted boxes or self-seal plastic bags. At least for the KickStarter. Many projects do. It is not like your KickStarter's stated aim is to produce pretty boxes ;-) It sounds like a GREAT MEGA aventure. And that is one scary looking cave bear. These interesting and cool animals will fit perfectly into our pathfinder games up here in Toronto. We could use some bipedal birds to fit a few monsters from the Bestiary. And I suppose the smaller (juveniles) one could still be used in Doggerland games? Or the 28mm ones become giant sized version of the same creatures in Doggerland? I like the idea of using these creatures in bronze age/myth base games as legendary giant creatures. I like the idea that most monsters myths arose from memories of a few surviving specimens or because the ancients found bones of these giants. I'll be using that lion as the lion of Nemea in Of Gods and Mortals and the dinohyus as a giant boar in Song of Arthur and Merlin, or as the Erymanthian Boar in Of Gods and Mortals. Oooh, very happy to see the prospect for delightful Terror Birds and more! But also hope you're keeping a weather eye on sculpting and production time, production costs, and shipping costs so you come out of this campaign with a manageable project and a solid footing for the business. Woowww. Nice to see this project is starting to deliver some great value, as well as cool mini's. I'll do my best to pass the word along, this is a project I really want to see succeed! The Demon Duck of Doom looks pretty good, you don't see alot of flightless predatory bird mini's. Definately would get more than one. I've posted both your last post here and the Cave Lion pics to TMP. <url>´s an awesome great idea!!! The hand-sculptures fitting perfectly with the high standards of game design you set on your web-site and the evolution of your core ideas about what gaming shloud be. Wonderful move! I too found the sabretooth off-putting; but I backed with a view to seeing what develops. I hope we see more naturalistic images (not necessarily scientifically accurate - this is fantasy) before the end of the KickStarter. I am really glad the you appear to be proposing hand sculpting - the mini-mammoth us very good. I'm a little iffy on the caricatured style of the 3D renders. But the one finished sculpt is really nice. And the whole concept is great, so I'm in anyway. To Oldest One: Quite right you are! I am so much looking forward to additional KS by Doggerland. Seamonsters, the fortress of apples, RPG and miniature board game Well I'm very excited to see this project do well. Doesn't hurt to visit the site through kicktraw (<url>"add on 1 Dire Tiger for +$10" but the make your own set sounds neat. Just be careful, I know other projects have done swapping levels, and people have often taken advantage of that to trade for more larger sized models than the price intended. It would probably be a good idea to make clear which goals are free and which we will have to pay for. If I read things correctly: $80 pledge- will include the Cave Hyena and Cave Bear if stretch goals are met. $125 pledge- will include Bear and Hyena goals if met, plus the 5 epic stretch goals if met. I appreciate you checking about base sizes. That can be very important to some people. Any idea what types of bases you will use? Round? Squares? Rectangles? What about base size? I'm guess these will sit on something around 40mm to 60mm probably? Also, will the stretch goals be free or will we need to pay for them? I went ahead and posted this up on Dakka Dakka, where it's bound to get the attention of miniature painters/ players/ collectors. Please feel free to stop by and talk figures with us! I'm also all for terror birds. They're very utilitarian creatures for tabletop games! TerrorBird and the fortress of apples. Wonderful scenery Tentatively in for the moment. Big question is if my wife will let me pledge or not! Absolutely love Pleistocene mammals, and would love to see what else you have in store. Can't wait to see some renders for some of these critters. Will stretch goals be included, or will they be add ons? it's a shame. It would be an introductory doggerland game different and wonderful, although it was simple. Hello again!!! I´m here to push you up. A question ... this minis are parte of a game, or only a box with amazing minis! I know that can be played later in the doggerlang basic game, but, it is a game itself?? Thanks a lot!! Awesome to hear. If I want to order multiples of a specific mini, is there a way to do that? I am down like a clown. I was just thinking I needed more monsters and creatures for my DnD games and here you are. :) Looks like an awesome and unique project. Now I just need some dinosaurs....(hint hint) Great, there is so much looking forward to. I already listened to the prev. podcast on your site. Very interesting stuff! I really love your vision of the terror-pig Dynohyus. Happy to come back to Doggerland. I wish the project all the best!