Thought the blank decks had all been accounted for. I will fix the issue immediately! Hi, For those of you who have played the game, post how it went! Fred Hi, Blasts are justly deserved. I did comments to stop posting until had news on shipping. 30 packages went out this morning and another 30 to 50 to go out tomorrow morning. All sent via priority mail. I have certainly made mistakes along the way and will keep trying to learn from them. Thank you for support and patience. We fully expect to have games out before the end of the summer! Hi, Unfortunately, the we will not make the May ETA. In order to make sure you all get the best quality decks, AdMagic (the same company used by Cards Against Humanity) is manufacturing the cards. We have reviewed all the proofs and and will post updates as we get closer to receiving the final manufactured decks - They will look great. The whole process has been harder than we expected, and we are thankful we have a partner like AdMagic to guide us through the process. We apologize for the delays and appreciate your patience. Fred We apologize for the confusing message. If you pledge at the $15 reward tier, you will get two copies of the final basic game deck (108 cards in each deck). Thank you for making this happen! We can't wait to get you all the game so you can start playing. Thank you for your comment, Michael! Here is a reddit link: <url>"Name & Places" deck. When I open it...its just another copy of the original game. Just wondering if anyone else had this? I am excited to play this game this weekend nonetheless. Got it! Thanks! Just got mine in the mail - awesome job! Had an idea for an add-on - a bigger box for all the cards :D Anyway, thanks! Will there be a shipment notification/tracking number sent out for these? Just got my decks in the mail today! Everything looks great! The cards are of nice quality and the packaging ensured they arrived undamaged. Can't wait to play! Woohoo! Very excited to see that the decks are being shipped! You know.... It's kinda his obligation to hit his backers up, esp if he wants money for future projects You know... have you guys actually bothered to CONTACT Fred himself? I just got an e-mail from him in regards to the game and he's packing them up for shipping. Re: Cards Against Humanity It's kinda funny you mentioned this bc Max Temkin (the face of CAH and project creator here) did Werewolf and it took him six to eight months and more past the promised delivery date for many people to deliver a handful of cards to us backers. Even as he showed the cards off as freebies in Cons. Though he claimed those were prototypes. "We fully expect to have games out before the end of the summer!" In all fairness they was not a year mentioned ! I guess so, maybe this becomes a question in Cards against Humanity. Oh Oh took the money and run !!! So did we get ripped off? Are we going to start a pool on here for when they either leave another update or we actually get the game? Im betting December on actually getting a game I'm losing faith, in hindsight it seemed like giving away two game copies for 15$, then adding a third after the lateness, was a bit too good to be true. :( Probably better off asking Admagic if they know anything about the status on this one... This is getting ridiculous. Another project with piss-poor communication from the creator. 1. Funded successfully - 7 months ago. 2. Estimated delivery - 4 months ago. We know it's an estimate. 2. Last Update - 2 months ago. 3. Creator signed in 3 weeks ago and no new update posted. Any update at this point in time would be good. Even if it's to say the game isn't being made yet as indicated. This lack of progress updates is starting to feel like we gave the creator $6760 summer bonus. this is my first kickstarter i pledged to... kinda making me not want to pledge to any others :( Hmmmm the creator last logged in 3 weeks ago... I'm starting to not get a warm and fuzzy feeling about this one. :_( Any updates? C'mon update? Seems like this has disappeared into the ether. Has anyone received anything? Any update on a timeline? It's been over a month since the last update and the end of the summer is fast approaching. Can't wait to get my hands on my game! SUPER EXCITED! Ad Magic is so excited to be in production of Mobscenity! Here is the latest update from the plant "We will send samples to you prior to shipping the whole thing for client approval. Samples could be sent out in about 2 weeks, and wait for your approval,then the delivery date will be about another around 25 days once you send the approval on the samples to us" Personally I cannot wait to play. Shari I'm thankful for an update and hope we'll see them by the end of Summer.... No updates since May 18th, so my guess ETA is shot Hi Fred - how are things looking as far as the ETA? Same as Brad, been awhile:) How are things looking? Still going to make the estimated April delivery? Funds arrived today, just fixed my payment, sorry for the delay... You rock!! I'm a deadbeat backer!! I promise to send the funds, but amazon has frozen my funding for 16 days!! Trying to get money somehow to send you my pledge! Bare with me , please! Raised my amount to spread the joy! Ahhh Cool! Does backing at 15 and up level mean you get two basic Mobscenity decks? The 6$ level confuses things on the last line when it says "Yes you get this..."). Kinda thinking of raising my pledge.. Congrats on the successful funding! I saw it was just short and after I watched the videos it looked fun and hilarious so I backed it and managed to push it into the funded range. I can't wait to play this game. WOO HOO!! $6000! Funded! I stumbled across this by chance (and backed it). Have you posted to the r/boardgames forum on Reddit? If not, perhaps a last minute advertisement push could bring in a handful of new backers =) To be fair to backers wanting a $7k stretch but are not of drinking age (for their local region), you could still include the rules, just add Mobscenity approved non-alcoholic beverages. (Non alcoholic drinks with creative Mobscenity inspired names. Check drinksmixer.com/cat/8/1/ drinksmixer.com/cat/8/1/ for inspiration.) I saw this purely by chance... it would be pretty amusing to play this game. Damn I hope this makes it, it looks hilarious from the video. If it doesn't make it this time give it a few months and try again, this needs to be made a reality! You need a cheap stretch goal for 21+ drinking rules! I have to admit I did not watch the ?$#*@%! video before I backed. PLEASE WATCH IT it is so funny and really gives you an idea of how fun this game will be! Sounds like a s&!+ load of fun! A fantastic ice breaker. Adult fun with no weird silicone or leather things hanging around. Great idea for a game, I definitely expect this to pick up and become popular. You have my support! Never seen a game like this before! Sounds like it could be fun!