Completely fair, I'll post a real update as soon as I can. In summary I've been redoing a lot of the art work and throwing in a lot ( probably too many seeing as how long it's taking :/ ) features such as more abilities and rare level "occurrences" such as special vendors or places to upgrade items. Implementing these cross platform has been a huge headache and I'm really sorry for the delay but I promise it will be worth it. I still have a lot to finish before the beta :/ I'm aiming for another two or three months <url>"better" gun due to the random generation, I'm going to make sure the kickstarter weapons are unlike anything else :) @Yury I could always see what works out, glad to hear someones actually reading the dev log, the last week has been so hectic I've hardly had time to to even work on the game! @ Frogdice Hah not really, the 48 hour mark seems to be doing that for me. I'm just content that I've made my goal. @ Style over Substance Wow, that would have been awesome a few weeks ago! Would have been a lot cooler than stickers, oh well :P Yes, or at least making it an option change them because personally I like them too and they run insanely well on mobile :) Their houses* This isn't the first mistake, my grammar seems to just plummet on these comments, sorry! Yes there will be NPCs. The game will have quests which you would get from interacting with the characters. I think I've mentioned this but the story is actually the least fleshed out aspect of the game. I'm hoping that backers like you will be interested in helping it develop further once the forums are up, even suggestions or votes on characters there houses and the quests involved with them :) @Chris Can do :) @FrogDice A little over a week after the campaign started, It seemed like it helped. @Joshua Yeah the ability is pretty insane, also your energy seems to never run out! This is because in the final game your abilities strength effects and regen are all going to depend on what moon piece your using. I didn't really have enough time or feed back to balance it so I figured it was better to overpower it in the demo than make it useless :P @Frogdice Even though my demo was rushed and is missing a ton, I think it's a good idea to give people a sense of what you're trying to do. I hadn't noticed, I'll check it out :) Hm that's odd, but the demo actually isn't set up for pads, I've already redone the whole input system to so I don't think you should have a problem in the next build, in the mean time I guess just stick with the keyboard :/ @Krister I really want to add stretch goals, and I think I've talked to a few backers about this, but my only issue is that since I'm doing this solo anything new would really just would require more time, not money, so I don't want to lie and say I'll do something when I could've done it the whole time! That's not to say more money won't hurt! The more funds I get the less time I can spend reinventing the wheel and more time I can spend making the game better! But like I said I don't want to rule anything out just because we didn't make a certain goal :) Yes you get everything in the $13, sorry it's not that clear, It's my fault for adding tiers and rewards after the launch but every tier includes all that's below them as well. Thanks for the pledge! @ John, that was actually already in there but I went back and tested it out some more and your right, it's hardly noticeable! I just tweaked the value a bit so tapping is much more of a short hop now. Thanks! And again, because I can't say this enough, I'm so grateful for the support, very excited to see what the week brings. WOWW! This is fantastic! sooo happy :D Thank you thank you thank you! @Krister thank's for that extra $1 I think 5999 would have killed me! Thanks! I actually just added an exclusive gun to that tier :) Hey Matt, You're actually the first person to notice this! Well, first to report it, I'm aware of a lot of spelling and grammar errors, my girlfriend has actually been harassing me about them for a while :P. I'm just waiting a bit since I have to go through all the code and spell check hundreds of different words and prompts :( Thanks for the heads up, I'll update it as soon as I can. @Shawn, that does sound awesome, I've been toying with an arena mode, just the concept of it though, I have to see how far I get in the development, especially with such a short deadline, but if I have extra time all try adding larger concepts like those. Just don't want to bite off more than I can chew! I've seen a lot of projects fail because they were unrealistic with their game plans. Yeah I'm actually working on hot keys right now, I'm messing around with the entire control scheme now that I have controllers working. In the demo that's out you can still sort through them by value, type, and element with "Q". I've also been hearing request for marking favorites so I'll try and add that as well. I would have to rewrite the menu entirely to make it go horizontally as well, I also feel that might get a bit complicated on phones :/ I can try and make groupings more distinguishable depending on how they are sorted instead of only by rarity. @ wingo 1: I can make the cross hair have a bit more contrast, even having an option for it wont be too hard, consider it done:) 2: In the demo it's only the weapons, but for the full game I am working on variations, I've been playing around with different sized torsos that really make a difference so I'll have a scale of enemies of speed vs strength. I'm also trying to add a magic element to the enemies so some variety will be able to randomly use special abilities. 3. Wow I must admit I hadn't read that before! That's extremely exciting, if they do wave the fee as they say I will more than definitely put it out on those platforms! I'm already coding the game to work with PS3 and 360 controllers anyway. @Jordi Yes I remember and that's a great idea. I'm actually planning to add a few more tweaks to the pledges, including a physical copy of the game. @ Chris B. I really wish I could, I'm trying to get this out for as many platforms as I can but unfortunately I'm using the Unity engine which doesn't support the GCW-Zero at the moment, Hopefully that will change! If it does I will certainly release it on the platform:) @Humbleroots the $10 gets you both a mobile AND desktop version so yes. The game will absolutely not have in-app purchasing, I've personally always hated freemium games so what you'll be getting is a full game, no hidden costs, subscriptions or adds! @Ajay I should have made this clearer in the reward as well but since it's a planned gun you can decide what abilities/elements/stats it gets as well. @FedoraG4mer Thanks! I actually put your link down at the page @Ajay I'm planning on making them as a reward or quest type item, because like you said, other wise they would almost never show up!. I'm trying to work out other things to include besides just the gun names since it's such a generous donation can't tell you how much I appreciate it! Maybe NPCs or something? I'll let you know as soon as more of the story gets worked out :) @Eric I'll round up all the articles and blogs about it soon as well, including yours:) Yes I did! I actually just listed all the first impression videos on the page earlier today:) I look forward to the Q&A and thanks so much for helping out! Ha no I haven't, but anyone can contact me through here or the website moonrift.com :) I'm working on getting more word of mouth going but at this point I'm positive I'll make the goal, you can track it <url>"Troll" that tries to smash your face in. There's a lot more in the works but require mechanics that will take a little more time to program like underground enemies, shielded enemies, and enemies that can go through walls. wow sorry that's so long but hopefully you get the idea :) I'll put an update here and everywhere I can! I should be able to host the file on the site so I'll just post a link up to the page, I'll have a Windows MAC and LINUX version up. Like I said I'll put it up this weekend, I just need to polish up a Title and character select screen. @Krister The game itself I'm hoping to take upwards of at least ten hours. One of the reasons for random generation is the huge amount of content it creates:) Yes I'm planning on a new game plus since it's extremely easy to implement. Unfortunately the game will not be multiplayer, it would be insanely fun but it's not really with in the scope of the project:/ @Jordi The demo will be out very very soon! I'm actually in the middle of an all nighter right now getting it wrapped up :P I have the actual level ready for play I just need to finish tweaking a few more things. I'm aiming for this weekend. It's only one area but I'm really excited, it's a lot more polished than the videos I have out right now. I hadn't even thought about that :P Yes any three would be fine. I'll try and put that on the survey at the end. If I don't just message me:) Oh and Marzi the $13 gets you all three, a mobile a desktop AND Ouya. Ha , no that's not all of them, right now there's around twenty or so and some of then can be multiplied. For instance a bullet could explode multiple times in one shot. I would love to hear your ideas that's what the games about :) Feel free to message me about your ideas! Well the character's made at the start with multiple heads and bodies to choose from, including females :) No no! It's a demo, a really small one at that, there's no way I'd charge people for it, especially backers of the game! I'm trying to get it out for some early feedback and a little more publicity as I've had a lot of people asking for something playable for first impressions. Well when I started making games as a kid I was forced to use 2D which is where I developed my pixel art. This is kind of a throw back to the game I always wanted to make as a kid but wasn't skilled enough to do so. There's no avoiding the Borderlands influence in the guns but the rest is more along the lines of games I grew up with like the old 2D Zeldas and Final Fantasies. P.S. I'm working really hard to get a one level demo out before the campaign ends so you guys and some reviewers can try it out. Yes it's just me making the game. I made the mistake of starting kickstarter before trying to spread the word :P It's starting to get picked up though. Any way the beta will be released as soon as possible, at the min at least a month before the release but probably sooner so I can spend a lot of time tweaking and making it perfect with input :). I'll include this in the next update as well but I added a pledge level to receive all three platforms including OUYA for $13. The $10 still gets you mobile and a your choice of MAC PC LINUX or OUYA Yes, after funding I'll set up a forum on the site with polls and everything where it should be a lot easier to gather feedback and suggestions. Right now all that leveling does is increase health and energy. I've played around with the ideas of skill trees and such but right now it's undefined. Once the projects funded that's exactly the kind of thing I would love to get Input and suggestions on where to take it! Yes controllers will be supported on the P.C. version, I really want this game to be playable with dual sticks :) If founded I will try to get the game on steam but even just a submission to greenlight costs money I don't have right now. As far as screen shots and in depth information when I have time I'll get an update or start a dev log on the site on all the tech and features already in the game. I'm really happy to see that your interested about it! For the publicity I have reached out to several sites but it seems like I am a lot better at video games then social networking so if you like the game please let people know! i wish i could have my $10 back, its lunch time and im hungry I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use for a $85 refund: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Hello scammers, I wanted to thank you because your bad action push me to become a good and thrusty game developer. Have a bad day! Yo Sam. It's been 5 years. This game coming out or what? I'm glad I only wasted $10 on this. Can't believe four poor souls paid $200... So... yeah. Anyone have ANYTHING news-wise? What happened to Kickstarter's efforts to get in touch? Completely forgot about this project as well, since I rely on the emails from Updates. Looks like my 25 dollars was wasted. Not sure why I expected anything different. Project like these absolutely ruin Kickstarter's reputation. Not sure why they don't take these things seriously. Probably nothing unfortunately. I have tried contacting him on facebook (<url>´t expect to get one either. I have also tried contacting people I believe is his family but no luck. I realise this game most likely won´t see the light of day which is sad because it was a really good idea that could have become an awesome game =/ So what now??? In 2013 I first registered on Kickstarter especially to support this project. And now... just pure silence. Sad. Wery sad. Demo level is still awfull, sometimes I play it. Really, Sam, if you don't want to work on this game - you could, for example, give all game sources to internet and somebody ELSE coud finish your work. Try finding him online or thru Facebook. I think too but the problem is to find the guy, this coward. I'm really disappointed because during the campaign he seemed to be devoted to the game and now he is just another guy who runs with the money. What I just want is an explanation from him and maybe the last build he made or the code source to continue the project. We should sue. @Junaid Hussain, Did you ever have any luck contacting Amazon Payments? I'm upswt that I'm out $100. But honestly, I'm even more upset that the game didn't get made. I'm in my final year of my masters in mobile game programming, and it's sad to see things like this happen that can potentially harm future developers. For shame, dude. Admit you got in over your head so we can all move on. I suggest you contact Amazon Payments directly, find your transaction ID in your payments account and contact Amazon Payments to get your refund. I haven;t yet, but I only just submitted an official complaint. Good luck guys, don't let him run off with your money, and don't let Amazon get away with a such a stupid policy, they should be held responsible if this thief can't be I tried to contact his family but none have responded. They're all a pack of criminals. What's going on with this? I mean I'm not even that mad that he didn't follow through. I'm just mad that he got away with it because the project was relatively small compared to others. Crap like this should be getting more coverage in the gaming media. I don't know if he should be blacklisted or whatever, but I think his future potential employers or patrons should know what he's done. Yes it's really a shame to not have an apology or even a message. For me this guy is a coward, I can't accept the fact that he goes on kickstarter, get the money and run with it like a thief. Happily the other projects I backed are more serious than this one and I get something from them not like this fake person. So bye guys, I think it's dead, now we have to go on other projects which are worked. I am mad. Not even an apology from this guy. THAT is why I don't forgive him. I hope that 8k lasted you Sam, because I won't rest till I get a refund. Not because I need it, but I don't like to get ripped off. I'm not mad or anything. Just really disappointed. The demo Sam had for Moon Rift was really awesome. Just wish he had finished it. It was fun for what it was. Forsaken Fortress got over 120k and all the ppl on there seem to be apologists just accepting that the dev didn't just blow the money. I haven't posted until now cause I had almost completely forgotten about it till I went through some old emails and remembered I had given this sap 10 of my hard earned dollars. Have you ever search Sam Hutcher on google? This guy was given so much free publicity and press from every game development magazine on the ruddy planet, had reddit doing exclusive interviews, AND had all of us give over 8000 dollars. EIGHT THOUSAND! In terms of theft, that's a federal felony of Grand Larceny! Actually, over EIGHT times the amount for grand larceny. If something had happened to the cad I could understand. But the fact that people have tried to contact him and his relatives and they're all covering for him makes that completely untrue. Shame on you, Sam. You're a total schmuck. May all your future endeavors suck as much as this one did. nice idea mousewings, but probably too little too late this forum will soon close, and we will all lose touch, thus, no more moonrift, no more comments, no refunds, and therefore just silence sadly. Take care guys, watch out for potential scams like this, especially when they start taking short cuts in development like using premade anims etc. C'est la vie. Made an entry at Kickscammed: <url>#faq_41860 Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Anyone wishing to take this further, do have a leg to stand on if they feel it necessary Xander: Great thinking! I have tried reaching Sam and his relatives but with no success. Lets hope the KS team has better luck... It says he hasn't logged into KS since November.....doesn't look good, guys. Thanks! I hope they could reach him and bring some news about the game because I really liked this project. If anybody was thinking about opening a ticket, rest assured - I went ahead and did it. Unfortunately I didn't get a super, information filled or enthusiastic response. What I got from Kickstarter Support: Xander, Thanks for writing in. I can understand your frustration with this project and apologize that backing Moon Rift has been less than satisfactory. I've made a note on Sam's account about fulfillment issues and will reach to him on my end as well. I'm hoping to once again open the lines of communication between Sam and backers of this project. In doing so, I'll encourage him to post an update for backers as well as be more communicative going forth as to the status of this game. Best, Alfie There we go. We'll see what happens. That e-mail was on 4-15-14. I think he could say at least something because he went on kickstarter to make a community he made it and he doesn't warn us about the development. With 8.000 $ we can do a good game maybe not at the release of the first version but with work and time we can upgrade it. Now I will be careful when I will pledge for a campaign. ok so like i guess he got away with it - only 506 backers, no ones going to make a fuss about this not being made, right? Well wait and see is a funny thing to say, seeing as it's been 5 months of silence since his last official update. I even remember him suggesting taking shortcuts, as the funding wasn't enough to provide original animations and it went from 2.5d to 2d or something. He's made a lot of compromises, I only backed it for 10 bucks though, so I don't really care. But add those 10s and more up and ti comes to over 8k as per the page total. Where that money went is anyone's guess, where the game is is even more of a question I liked answered. Makes me lose faith in KS projects like this I hope too but put a commentary on the page kickstarter takes 5 seconds and I think it will reassure and get everything clear. I hope he upgrades the game and wait to finish the game to give an update. I don´t think he took the money and ran. We got som good, substantial updates before this silence. If he ran he would have done so earlier. I have tried to get in touch with people I believe are his relatives on facebook just to see if something has happened to him but with no success. At this point i believe Sam has either run out of money due to feature creep (the added co.op, new randomizing of stages etc), fallen ill or gotten badly injured. Communication is key and I hope to hear from him soon but it is starting to look like this project won´t see the light of day unfortunately. I hope that if he is out of money he will come out and admit that and just give a plan for how salvage this. I know that if the game is finished it will be great but we will just have to wait and see what happens. I can't help but feel he took our money and ran. Well, not going to lie. I'm losing a lot of faith in this project. Any kind of update would've been nice even if it was "Hey guys I'm still alive". Hello! So we don't have news since a couple of months, I have a question Are you still alive? I will wanted some fresh news about your project because I spent moneys in it and I will know where goes the project. When do you plan to launch it or just know What are the feature you make during this silence of 3+ months. So I hope you will answer and give sign of life. Thanks I have tried getting ahold of Sam through here, the moon rift homepage and I have even sent a friend request on facebook. Might try to send a direct message on facebook but judging from his posts there he don't seem to bevery active there. But I still have hopes that this game will be finished. It would be awesome on the Ouya =) Think Kickstarter would have more contact info? Kinda tempted on emailing them to see if they contact Sam... Hey buddy, hope you're still alive.. Hope to hear from you soon :) I must say that I am starting to get genuinely worried. Both about the project and Sam. It´s almost been 2½ months since we last heard anything. Hopefully we will hear something sone =) Sam where art thou? Been quite a while now since the last update. Hope we can get som kind of update before christmas even if it is just a "Yup, still working hard!". And I dont mind if the game is delayed a few more months as long as you are communicating about the delays. Keep it up, I know the wait will be worth and I am sure you will se this through and release an awesome game! Hi! I guess (and hope) you ahve been busy working on the game but it is just over 6 weeks since the last update and it would be nice to know how things are going and what route you chose in regards to animations and characters. <url>"Russia as a meme":). Something like - vodka, matreshka, balalayka, suptnik (russian word for "satellite") etc. This can be wery funny and crazy enough. Of course if you will see that it much to game setting and "has reason":). Will be waiting for project updates. Already reading your dev log:). Super excited for this project now, can't wait...and I'm pre ordering an Ouya today! quick suggestion/question: The kickstarter guns we get, would it be possible to find better more powerful ones like the rest of the weapons..that way they never go useless. I thought it would be pretty sweet :D Official moon rock? Wow. Uber. There's always MR2: Jupiter Ascendant... Earth warriors launch a counter offensive on the alien menace. But can humanity prevail against an enemy waiting for them? Raise your stones, warriors! We battle for the cyclopean mysteries of the cosmos! (>O<)/ Official moon rock (pumice for light shipping)! It worked for Shovel Knight (-_^) Any plans for the final day push? Well done, Sam! :) I read in your update a while back that people complain about the explosion effects. I actually quite like the way they look. You plan on keeping them right? (^_-) No accounting for excitement causing silly errors, though! Go team! (^_^) Awesome news! And I'll definitely check out the forum! I love telling story, in group! (As for the grammar mistakes, I can help! I've been teaching English for 10 years. You mentioned once having to pour through code...) Are there NPCs to run into in MR? The signs are cool, but the storyline definitely begs some odd fellows. Would be funny to see a zen NPC that only sits in one spot on the mission levels blasting out ninja stars. Or a huge, lumbering fellow hunter that never seems to leave the village (sub boss later?). Or a mysterious girl that busts in to help you on occasion when you're swarmed with enemies... @Eric: True. I really want to put a demo up, because the game is so fun to play. But I'm just worried about haters freaking out over lack of (or use of placeholder) sound, and the fact that we haven't had our polishing time yet (obviously: that's why we are doing the kickstarter). @Frogdice Something to consider, from a writer/reviewer's perspective: If there's a playable demo, even if the sound assets aren't in it yet, it still gives writers like me something about which we can post some first impressions. ;) Thanks Sam. I'll keep that in mind. Grats on funding! :) Ok, I better get my tail back to Dungeon of Elements and see what else I can do to keep generating buzz! :) @Sam: Did you have the demo available from the beginning? Or did you add it during the campaign? If you added it during, what effect happened after you added it? Please make sure to make it iOS combustible with iOS 5. For some of of us iOS 6 is a burden and a battery killer. Cheers. @sam nice demo, fun game! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Question for Sam and other backers: How big was the demo in helping you make your decision? We're trying to decide if we should offer a demo on our project (Dungeon of Elements - RPG dungeon crawler with Dr. Mario/Tetris combat), but since we don't have music or sound right now, and we haven't finished the polishing, I don't want someone to get the wrong impression about the game. We could release a demo right now if we wanted, but I don't know how important or valuable that is to people. So, first off just wanted to say, this looks awesome. I became a backer before even watching the video or playing the demo. After playing the demo, however, i will say a few things. The Ability is way overpowered. The ability to 2 shot pretty much anything seems to take away from the gun part of the game, not sure if the touch damage part is even needed, or at least lower the amount of Ability you have. Not sure if this was talked about, just didn't want to page through 120 comments. Otherwise, awesome game, and can't wait to play the full version... It was certainly funky! Anyway, I've noticed that when I duck I cannot change facing when touching A or D. I know that I can shoot in any direction, but for a bit of polish, you know? (^_^) Question: New to PC control pad gaming and can't get my shiny new USB pad to do anything properly. The character remains ducked, I push up to jump... it's weird! Suggestions? Agreed. When you're at the final stretch at polishing, just be sure to add lots of hats and headgears! One of my favorite iOS game company is called RocketCat Games and all their games are infamous for having a crapload of unlockable headgears and hats in the game. I agree @Sam! Only spend the precious time in improving the game. If you can and have time, make strong visuals, good music and perfect gameplay...what can we ask more if we're already given a piece of art? :P @Sam You are just giving me more and more reasons to like you =) Really glad that I get to be a part of this =) Keep up the good work! @Krister No stress, it was mentioned in the comments in Update #5. :) @Eric Must have missed that bit of information so thats good to know =) @Sam Big big congrats!! I know you will make this game the best it can =) By the way, any chance you will be adding stretch goals now that the game is funded? =) Congratulations on the goal being reached! Really looking forward to the final version of the game, if the demo is anything to go by! This game is awesome so far, and it can only get better!! :D Congrats with the funding! If I'm pledging at the $15 level, do I get everything at the $13 level, or is it still the $10 level? I don't mind increasing my pledge to $18 to get all three versions of the game, just let me know. HEY! nice looking game cant wait to play it! MikeB sent me and he showed one thing that was an issue for him and it is an issue for me too and thats the jumping. there shoucl certainly be a lower jump like a light tap hop and a long hold bound kinda thing. your game your call but that would certainly make things better in game for me at least. Either way congrats on the successful funding!! Grats getting funded mate! Kudos on getting this funded, Sam! Looking forward to following your every move over the next few months as you develop it! *creepy stare* (But seriously, congrats!) Keep spreading the word. We are going to get this to $7k+! Yes!! Done! Congrats you all! We made it! @Krister Waara Yeah, that's a known AI bug; they're not supposed to be able to shoot you from so far offscreen. Also, huzzah! It's funded! :D Tried the demo and it is awesome!! =D One thing that I found though was that it feels too zoomed in. Don't know if it is a resolution thing or if it is just designed that way. I felt that I got shot from 1.5 or 2 screens away since the AI can "see" farther than I can. But that is just my opinion =) And yay, funded! I upped my pledge with a dollar to get this to $6000 (stood at $5999 when I started to write this =D ) @BlastYoBoots You probably will like it! :) Just $24 to go (as of this post) before it's funded! I'm donating $10 just for the concept alone, can't try the demo until I get home for the day. Might up my contribution even more if I love the demo version! Just got a chance to play the demo. Didn't really check for any glitches, grammatical errors, etc. I do know that I really enjoyed the game though! Donated $10 because I'm tight on cash, working on my own projects. I love this game and can't wait for the full release! Mannn almost there! Hey Sam, wanted to give you a heads up: I got a weapon in the demo that was a "Peircing" Shotgun (I don't remember the weapon type, but that is how piercing was spelled in the gun's name). Love the demo. Just a random suggestion, feel free to ignore it. But anyway my gut tells me a hardcore/rougelike mode and a endless dungeon/tower mode would both serve this game well. Or make the two one in the same. One life to get as far as you can. Anyway just a suggestion. I am sure you have a lot on your plate as it is. Hooray for the boxed game! Thank you thank you @sam!! Question: For the scrolling for weapons, could it scroll up and down by type of weapon, and then left and right to see the weapons for each type? Then we might select our favorite weapons to stick "at the top" of each type, and maybe hot key them... Some things I'd like to bring up: 1) The demo crosshair can be a bit hard to see at times on the snow level. 2) Are there different variations in the enemy besides just weapons they carry? In Borderlands and Resident Evil Revelations, you can run into variations of enemies where they are strong or faster for example than their normal counterparts. 3) Is Playstation Vita a possible platform for this game? I'd love something mobile... but with physical buttons too. And the Vita is becoming a popular platform for indie games. Unity on Playstation: <url>"Kickin It" kickstarter spotlight video series. Spreading the word as best I can :-) <url>"name a weapon tier", since the guns are so randomly generated what are the possibilities of me even seeing the gun i named? @Sam Not sure if you saw this yet, but Moon Rift got covered in an Indie Showcase posted last night: <url>"baddies"...their names, any special abilities? I look forward to it, Sam. :) Hey Sam, How will we know when the demo is out? 2nd, how will we access it? @Sam Sounds awesome! I kinda knew that multiplayer was a pipe dream but it never hurts to ask =) Looking forward to trying out the demo =D I can't wait for the demo! When it is going to be released? @Sam Hi! I backed this game because it looks totally awesome and wicked fun and I just had a few quick questions (and my pledge will not change with negative answers ;) ) 1: How long will the story be (approximately)? 2: Will there be a some kind of new game plus (replay with gear and skills intact but higher difficulty level)? 3: Will there be any multiplayer, for example same screen VS (4 player battles would be awesome!)? Keep up the good work and can't wait to see this on the OUYA =D Whoo! Thank you very much. :D Btw, I love the music tracks on the front page. Very catchy! @Sam So there's no way to get IOS+Android+PC? I don't have an Ouya, so I was just wondering. Hey Sam! This game looks awesome! It kind of reminds me of a Star Ocean game mixed with Borderlands. I LOVE IT! Just wondering though, the one picture on the home page, with all the weapon elements/powers? Is that all of them at the moment? The reason being, I was hoping you could go a little crazy with it! You know, add a weapon that turns enemies into cute, big eyed puppies or something. Random effects added to the weapons would be amazing. If you have time to add a couple, I have a CRAP ton of ideas! :D Nice project, Sam! I look forward to trying out your demo. I have a question about the $13 tier: is it only mobile/desktop/ouya? Or could it be used to get both ios and android, plus a pc copy? Thanks. :) Random level generation seems like the coolest idea. Are you considering multiple playable characters? A female choice for MC would be rad. Im looking forward to playing the demo, The game looks awesome. Is there a certain pledge we have to have to get access to the demo? You had me at the drooling, staring monolith. Not having seen MR in full, I can't help but feel a Gunstar Heroes vibe. Looks like a great game! I'm quite the sucker for rouge likes and pixel art, and this has some really wonderful art. Thanks man keep it up! If you don't mind me asking, did you have any inspiration for the game/making games in general? That's awesome man. The art looks outstanding. It's almost giving me a fez feeling to it. And would love to try out that demo. By the way I love the way this game is looking, and I think that if people that cover this stuff saw it, they'd be all over it. Is this a strict 1 man project? Hey man, I just got the beta and I was wondering when we might get access. You might also want to consider advertising on the multiple different indie channels on youtube, it always seems to work out. really looking forward to the game man, keep up the good work! This user's account has been deleted. Retro style 8/16 bit? I'm in! Love the intro...that moon exploding..weird :P That's great, thanks! Will there be a backer-only forum after the campaign, so that ideas might be consolidated and discussed a little more readily? This user's account has been deleted. This looks fantastic. Will there be a leveling up type system? I always enjoy games where your character evolves. I'm always curious as to what it will look like next. I'd love to see a game where randomly configured fuzed characters are used. Great style and art work! Have some $$$. Love the random guns and levels, this definitely looks like my kind of game. I had a couple questions though: Will there be controller support for the PC version? Are you trying to get the game on Steam and if so, can I get a copy there? (Tired of getting games elsewhere only to have "elsewhere" disappear a few years later.) Can you do an update with all the different properties that might be found on the guns? Or some more shots of the menus, character sheets, item descriptions? (This is a question I ask of almost every advertised game I see, if only in my head. ...I can't be the only one wanting to see more under-the-hood info on upcoming games, can I?) Are you still working on the weapon effects? Any planned publicity coming up? Ask some sites/streamers to help you out. I found this buried on the page and almost spit coffee on my screen. More people should see this. Anyway, this looks awesome and I can't wait to play it. Here's to being able to eat and work on your dream! Game looks FUN. You had me once you froze time and smashed enemies into each other. Needs an under water level due to moon "rifting". Looking forward the watching it progress. Keep the updates coming. Good Luck! First comment, go me! I really love the look of this game! 2d in a 3d kid of way and the way the bullets and effects look are really really eye catching, something I consider as a massive plus to replay value. Also the prospect of randomly generated guns is always something that I can't pass up. Keep it up Sam! Best of luck!