This was definitely a glitch! The email address should be working correctly, so please go ahead and send us any questions that you have. Thanks so much - The Sonavation Team @Ryan please contact info@myidkey for refund requests. Thanks! @Peter Dyroff We're very sorry about the trouble you've experienced - this is a very serious issue and we would like to ask for any additional information that you can provide to help us figure this out. Can you please tell us the following? 1. Did you update from version 1.0 (released in December) or 1.1 (released in January) to version 1.2? 2. Were you also storing files in the myIDkey app and have you seen any issues with that data since the update? 3. If you go to Settings > Export Keycards and send the file to yourself, is the data missing there as well? 4. Had you tried our manual back-up utility before the data issue? Does that restore the data properly? 5. Did you notice the data issues before or after your update to iOS 7.0.6? 6. Are you using iCloud to back-up your applications and their data? Thank you for your help and patience. myIDkey Customer Support @Dan Dwyer I apologize you were unable to find our app in the Google Play store. @Ben Cooper is correct this version is a bit buggy and in need of some fixes. Currently, we’re working on next release candidate and are planning to release to Google Play by end of the week. Thanks! Hi Dan. Your refund was processed and mailed yesterday. Thanks for your initial support. Benjamin Chen here. Jackie - thank you for your comment. We have already processed your refund. As to your comment below, I can categorically say that we are not adding a holographic screen to the myIDkey. Thanks again for your initial support. @Chris - the images and video we showed recently are the pre-production units. As we are only working on the boards, the ID will not change. @PA Computer Guy - Thanks for mentioning the referral program, myIDkey will honor all points that were earned from our referral program. The points will be allocated after shipping. We plan to reinstate the plan early next year. @Dave Dugal - We are aware of the announcement. We are looking at all the different specifications and will consider them after v1.0 ships. @Jurriaan Wittenberg - we are looking into what we can do legally in regards to international shipping. We understand your and others concerns. @Charles Ebert and others - Regarding the sleeves - the new design doesn't work with the sleeves originally envisioned. The team is looking for alternate extras in lieu of the sleeves. Thanks for your suggestions, they have been submitted to the team. @Klaus - Sorry if that was confusing. myIDkey will work with practically all OSs, including Windows and Macs. What you won't be able to do is log into Windows with a fingerswipe. You can store your login information, but it won't fill it in. All units will have a web based portal that you can log into from any browser in addition to iOS and Android apps that will have almost identical functionality. These will allow you to add and manage password information, personal data, and files. Browsers will use a bookmarklet that will work with your myIDkey. We will provide some more information on all the software that will ship with the product soon. @Ruben Van Canneyt - Please contact accounting @ myidkey.com - I'm sure they will straighten out any issues. @David Taterka - We are going to allow you to import your passwords to your myIDkey. We'll publish the CSV format that it will support. Additionally, we are going to support the export from other password managers like Lastpass and others to be determined. We unfortunately, will not handle Windows login for v.1, but we do plan to add it to a future software release. @Christopher Cowler - We are on track to start shipping in November. Parts are starting to arrive for our November production. @Robert - The cable is only if you need to use it over USB (and charging) - you can use it with WiFI or Bluetooth with no cable. You can attach a lanyard to it easily. @Gavin - We do anticipate support for those devices later on - expect that sometime after the v1 product ships in a software update. @Refund people - expect emails with updates from customer support - Dear Kickstarters, We apologize for not providing an update on the ship date sooner. We are coordinating our supply chain with our manufacturers to finalize the date. As we mentioned in our previous updates, the need to modify our board to achieve our feature set required us to change suppliers of some parts that have been in high demand internationally. There was a fire at one of the main suppliers of memory components in China (see link below). That event created a shortage of NAND-Flash, which is key component in myIDkey. <url>"refund" the card that was used with Kickstarter, since we don't have access to that information. If you truly don't want to wait for the myIDkey to arrive, then you have to send an email to <email> and someone will get back to you to get all the necessary information to process the refund. Thank you again. We understand that the Apple Touch ID was compromised through a technique shown on the C.C.C. website. Of course someone would have to acquire both your device and your fingerprint and then produce a working copy of it, which is possible, but would take a considerable amount of work to accomplish. This is why we have incorporated other two factor authentication steps before the information you want to access is available. In addition to the auto destruct feature, which will erase information after a number of failed swipe attempts set by the user, we have added a Tap Sequence. This second step will be a combination of button clicks on the device to further authenticate the user. The order and click count is set by the user and a separate auto destruct feature can be tied to Tap Sequence failures. All two factor authentication steps will be optional. For those looking for even a deeper level of security, we are adding additional steps that a user can activate, should they feel the need. Everyone has different requirements and we are hoping to provide a solution that is flexible in order to support many use cases. We will be posting our next update next week. Meanwhile know we're in crunch mode and very, very busy! Thanks Arkami is thrilled that with the incorporation of Touch ID for iPhone 5S, Apple has introduced fingerprint biometric security to the public. The Arkami team remains very committed to creating and releasing the most innovative, most secure password management device on the market. Here are some of the key differentiators between myIDkey and Touch ID. •myIDkey is platform agnostic. Beyond the iPhone 5S, myIDkey will work seamlessly and securely with all iOS and Android phones, in addition to iPads, laptops and desktop computers. •myIDkey is very secure and tamper proof. Data is encrypted using AES-256 and myIDkey uses a hardware crypto-chip that meets the FIPS (Federal Information Processing Standard) 140-2, Level 3 standard for preventing hackers from accessing encrypted information. •myIDkey is a true password manager for both single users and trusted networks. Users can manage and share information through a secure and simple-to-use interface. •myIDkey will be manufactured in the United States There certainly is passion about the myIDkey. And clearly we share that passion. Our team members are putting in 16 hour days to deliver the first voice-search, secure Bluetooth / USB drive that displays passwords and ID on the go. This is our crunch time and our efforts are focused on detailed product management, quality control and shipping logistics. We remain committed to our 30-day refund after shipment policy. We understand that there are special circumstances to our policy and we will review each on a case-by-case basis. Please send your request to <email>. We will respond to each of your emails before we ship. Again, thank you for your pledge and interest in our success. thank you all, we appreciate the input and will look at cables and split rings. We've just received the test data that we wanted to include in our update. We're adding into the document and we will be able to post the update today. Sorry for the delay. @Alistair, I am not sure I would agree that the product is huge. It is certainly very portable but I would agree this is hard to tell from the renderings you have seen. Bear with us we will be offering more context. We have been carrying mockups and testing with Macbook pros. Mac Air, Laptops so that when it is inserted in to the USB port it does not "lift" the computing device. It clears on most devices. A couple of micro computing models will need a cable. More on this later today. We are looking at a variety of items such as battery designs/size etc that are taking space. We will be offering an in depth review today in the update so that you can see all the items considered. Hope this helps, please be patient. tks Mark @ Richard the Cloud storage offer is optional based on a users choice. For those backers that wish to backup the device they can if desired. Other backers may wish to never connect to the cloud using the device in a stand alone mode. We will have more info regarding dimensions in the update today. There is nothing like Kickstarter for community feedback!! We're reading all comments. We will send another update early next week. @Michael To clarify, we are using the "cloud storage approach", underlining "approach" here. The concept is to copy files between a computer and a myIDkey device via the browser, similar to using "Google Drive" or "Dropbox" from your browser - the cloud storage target is not a drive letter, but a web portal. To manage your files on the myIDkey device storage, you will use the "Files" area in our web-portal app, from your browser; this very similar to managing your home wifi router from your computer browser. With this approach, the user is not required to download additional software to access the myIDkey device. @Howeln We're still testing and will share our data once we complete test data analysis. We will be USB 2.0 compliant. @Marie-Andree It is not a public cloud. We have chosen to use this method because it is more secure. Hopefully we can clear up any confusion/concerns you may have. @Howeln The myIDkey will not be recognized as a mass storage device (drive letter). Instead the myIDkey will use a cloud storage approach, where the user can drag-n-drop files into the browser (in the myidkey web portal) or use the Add function to copy/files to the myIDkey storage (similar to Google Drive or Dropbox). This was done so that the device would be more secure when connected to an unknown/public computer. @Albert We will support the migration from various password managers (LastPass, Roboform, etc.) These password managers export their data in either a csv or html format, which will then be able to be imported into myIDkey for use. These are excellent suggestions and we really appreciate your feedback. Please keep them coming! We will be looking into every suggestion and possibility of them being implemented. Also if it already implemented, we will let you know and answer any questions you may have. @Arnd Thank you for your feedback. That is an excellent suggestion and I will pass that along to our design team. There will be a notes section where you can add previous passwords you have used with a specific account. Also the random password generator can be configured turn on/off different rules such as Upper/Lower case, numbers, special characters, etc. You will also be able to change the length of your password as well. @Andrew Could you elaborate on your question a little more? As of right now we will not have that feature because creating a rolling password for your email or a site you use will have to be authenticated by that site. It is how the site is set up that will allow for our device to do this. This feature is on our road map. As of our current plan you will be able to use the random password generator that comes with the device. This makes creating difficult passwords very easy and quick. @Arnd Currently this can be done via Backup, the user will need to store copies of his/her backup archives (e.g. backupfile072913, backupfile060113, backupfile110112, etc.). However, history is not an app designed-in function. @Marie-Andree We will definitely notify you guys of all news. We have been receiving a lot of emails that we have been responding to personally very quickly. As we said before, we are always listening and will be engaging you guys in all forms of our media. @Marie-Andree Agreed! We're always listening, but not always talking. Thanks for keeping us engaged, often we're heads down in development. @Arnd Thank you for your question and appreciate your feedback. myIDkey can securely store private encryption keys and other files on its local storage. However, myIDkey will not connect as a "mass storage device" (to PC/Mac), hence will not be assigned a drive letter. We're evaluating various multi-factor authentication approaches to consider for myIDkey, including OTPs, SW Tokens, TANs, RFID Tokens to name a few. Good series of meetings @CEWeek in NYK - thank you for the show awards and coverage MyIDkey fingerprint-protected, voice-searchable USB drive available for pre-order <url>#1) and gave you the 8GB upgrade. We looked at our cost structure and with volume we get better deals on components so we want to do it again - please see stretch goal #2 ! With your support we can there! See the info on the front page - thanks all Thank you all ! We are really very appreciative of all your support in making this happen! The next stretch goal is in the works and will be forthcoming today. Please keep up the comments and emails - the team is responding via email and posts as quickly as possible in addition to continuing to spend our days in community feature road map & resource allocation reviews, design meetings, manufacturer project plans, software updates, wireframe reviews etc - Your support and feedback is amazing! Thank you for making this project a reality. Hi Kickstarters, I posted an FAQ on "What is Tap Sequence authentication", check it out. Thank you for all your support; keep the great questions and ideas coming. Hello Backers, we have had a number of emails regarding a stretch goal - We published an update (#3) on Saturday called "You asked, We listened - Backer Power Needed" The update outlines the Stretch goal offering an upgrade of the onboard capacity to 8GB for all backers if we meet/exceed our stretch goal. Please review at Updates or click here <url>’t explained our security architecture in a timely manner. We commented about our security features this morning. In addition to on-line comments here, we have had more than 400 questions emailed to us and the team is diligently answering each one-by-one. As a start-up company it’s not unusual to outsource key business functions, we are working with one of the best security consultancies. The architecture development has been in the works for more than 6 months. We are writing technical white papers which will reveal more details for those who are interested in this level of detail. Thanks again everyone. Kickstarters rock! Dear Helder, we designed in 2 levels of authentication to address some of the early discussions we had regarding fingerprint accessible devices. We posted an FAQ to help highlight to the community our thinking here - please review and advise if you still have concerns FAQ called - Is fingerprint authentication secure? When we decided to make this product, we were aware of some of the concerns around using biometric fingerprints to unlock access to secure data. We spent a lot of time on the security architecture, and included a second level of authentication, which we call Tap Sequence. We added this feature for the very security conscious user. Think of the Tap Sequence as (an optional) combo lock code you can utilize after you have used your finger-swipe to authenticate the key. Brant , thank you for the input we will add to the community feature list for roadmap review so the product team can scope, assess manpower requirements and define priority in a release cycle. Keep the ideas coming. thanks. Dear Kickstarters, we will outline the STRETCH GOALS tomorrow and really appreciate all the help you are providing. We will also be posting a number of updates reflecting the community requests. Have a great weekend. a sincere thank you to all ! We made the first goal and could not have done it without you! More importantly we want you to join us in this journey as we see this product evolve from a prototype to a released product backed by an amazing team of 1410 backers and counting! Hello Kickstarters, thank you for all your support and input. We have collected some great feedback - thank you! Keep the ideas coming! We are 90 units away from being funded. Please continue to help us spread the word about the myIDkey. With your help we will get there today. Dear Kickstarters, Yes we heard you loud and clear and Stretch Goals will be coming soon.... thank you for all your support. Good morning Kickstarters, questions regarding the myIDkey form factor and sizing can be found on our web site under technical specifications (see - <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or can not fulfill" I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Where is my refund! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Agree!!! Should have save the $165 I flushed down the toilet and waited for this one. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. 🆃🆄🆁🅳🆂 No. It's like a chain letter. Doesn't do anything. Their wishes won't come true I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @ Thomas Phan - I had to lol too! People looking for a refund 7 years later. Chen and the scammer crew have long spent that money. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. refund me scammer I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Glasgow University are performing a study of crowdfunding projects, hoping to help advance regulation in this area and prevent scam projects. Go to <url>#BoycottKickstarter Oooh, and found this article giving more insight <url>"In 2013, the company successfully raised $473,333 of its $150,000 Kickstarter goal, as well as $1.8 million in private funding for myIDkey." 1.8 mil...from private investors...so over 2 million dollars to fund this project. Amazing. I understand R & D can be expensive, and $473,333 from us is NOT chump change, but clearly they didn't do enough accounting to verify if the project would fly. In comes Sonovation on their white horse. They be like "Oh hey, love your technology...let us buy you out" Yay we're saved. "Oh what is that? Really? You raised how much...and still need more? Yeah, we'll just put that over here & move on to something else." Kickstarter has it made. They provide a selling platform & collect their fees w/ no accountability if a creator fails to produce their product or a refund. At least on e-bay, not a direct comparison I realize, you can dispute a charge if the seller never delivers or offers any compensation. Its waaaaayyyy to easy for fraud to occur here. I've backed many projects since this one & most have come through. For each one doesn't, it just sours my desire to continue supporting this platform knowing that each project backed is a coin flip of success. Last login February 2017. It's unlikely they are seeing these messages or care. Of note, i did find a PC Magazine review here <url>"Editors' Note: The myIDkey device is not available for purchase at this time, and the company is largely inactive. Arkami CEO Benjamin Chen explained that an infusion of operating capital from the company's investors was unexpectedly withheld, with no notice, just a day before this review was published. Chen expects to get the company back on its feet, but for now, you won't be able to buy a myIDkey." Well, so much for getting back on your feet. Still Waiting!!!! Order # UP77150543 has not been filled. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Does anyone get a refund by simply posting these statements below!! Seems like these messages that keep getting forwarded on spam mail I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Refund please. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. As I have not received my reward and declare a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. and, New Terms under <url>"If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To make things right, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers." waiting for an update, a shipping notification or a refund: I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Still waiting!!!! I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Nope Has anyone, anyone at all, that has “declared their rights” gotten any money back? This was a scam, and Kickstarter should change its terms to prevent future theft from similar minded « companies » I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. How long after your pledge did you call & did they give you any hassle before they actually gave you your money back? I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I just called Discover and explained it to them What did you do with your Discover card to get your money back? Everyone can invoke whatever they want here... fact is the money, company and everyone involved is long gone. They had a cool idea that died from 1) idiots in charge of the biz 2) major feature creep. Totally useless device in 2019 since there an so many other, better options to password management. Here's the "mastermind" haha: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I am backer #1939 and I never received the product that I pledged for. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount of $119 Bags of dicks... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I doubt it did anything Ric Has that "I invoke my rights" thing ever worked for anyone? I am backer #1672 and I never received the product that I pledged for. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I, too, am still waiting and expect that a promise would be upheld. Dear Sonavation, It’s too bad the company you are part of did not perform due diligence before buying out myIDkey with the promise to pledgers that a revised version would be received by all at no additional cost. It is about the money pledged, but more so, it reflects on the integrity of Sonavation’s reputation!!! I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Sonavation, I’m still waiting!! Yeap they should send us these to fulfill the commitment at least or refund our pledge... Looks like a reputable company has come out with a similar product. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I do t think anyone is going to get their money back. I gave up on this years ago. Kickstarter doesn’t give a damn about its people. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Invoking your rights here is not going to do much good. The better course would likely be to file a complain with the Florida Attorney General: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Ben Chen is a dbag. So many lies. St0le the dough and ran. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Wrote this one off too long ago to bother with the "waive" excercise. I do demand that Kickstarter ban anybody involved with the management of project from this platform for future ones. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Sonavation...I’m still waiting for the “M” version!! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. David, when did you get your money back? I got my money back! Discover rocks! You're all wasting your time with your "invoke my rights" posts. Kickstarter doesn't care, they got their money. We should have done chargebacks when we had the chance. Also I assure you kickstarter doesn't read these comments. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount So I got myIDkey a long time already but never actually used it. But finally the other day it became very useful. The lanyard that came with the myIDkey is very sturdy and well made. I took it off the myIDkey and used it to hold Disney annual pass ID. Hooray for over priced lanyard. Hahahaha. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Still waiting!!!! I see a lot of "Invoke my rights" posts. Has anything happened with any of them or is there some indication invoking these rights is worthwhile? I have given up and am a happy 1password user, but just decided to check out these comments because I was feeling masochistic today. Agreed, i want a full refund too I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Here's the thing......and I must preface this by saying I have not, as a lawyer, interpreted the contract/agreement/terms of use. But, the wording everyone is quoting states "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." In this case, the Project Creator is Arkami, Inc. and not an individual or individuals. Arkami is/was a Delaware Corporation which was doing business in California as a foreign corporation. It is likely no longer valid and has no assets. The Assets were sold to Sonovation and I met with them a few years ago here in Las Vegas while they were at CES. I doubt they bought the debt as well as the Assets despite the fact that way back when they advised they would try and fulfill the project,But, I don't know if they ever developed the product. So, you can't go after Arkami, Inc. because it has zero assets. Well, you can, but it would be a waste of time and money. It would be difficult to go after Sonovation, unless you can show they bought the liabilities along with the debt and that is something I have not looked at and would not know the law off the top of my head to do so. Going after the individuals behind the project would prove difficult unless you could do what is called "Piercing the corporate veil" which requires a few elements which boil down to (in essence) showing that the Corporation was not really an entity separate from the individuals. Not the easist thing to do in my experience, but can be done. Order never received. I hear by invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Order never received. I hear by invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Have to LOL about people aking for refunds. Never going ot happen. Arkami, Inc. has been shutdown for years. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount This user's account has been deleted. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I am backer no 2,502 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Order never received. I hear by invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Jumped on here to see if this project ever went through since I was ripped off by sound band. Glad I back out when I did and got my money back. For those if you still searching for something, do yourself a favor and look at 1password. I started using this and canceled thus project. Best choice I made. Good luck with getting your money back I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Refund please. I'm Backer 1164. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge. Let's continue the campaign 3,927 backers, let's send 3,927 + comments of Kickstarter to take note of our dissapointment as backers.......spread the word and join. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge. I have not received my myidkey. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I know that this is a waste of time but it seems like a trend. There should be such a button in each campaign's page, shame on @kickstarter for not protecting its users. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Not a chance anyone will ever get a dime returned to them. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge. Does this work? Seems worth a try. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge. I am invoking my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge I'm Backer #1.800 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge still waiting...... I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Man, after my last backed project failed (Soundband) I figured I’d check out my others. Then I was like, “let’s see how MyIDKey did, like to get that still. Maybe they have it in their website with an updated model”. Lol, well glad to see I backed out of this project ahead of time. Just as bad as sound band. Smh. No more Kickstarter for new tech projects for me. 2 excellent concepts that failed to produce anything. I suggest you guys do what I did with sound band and ask for, at the very least, a voucher for a free Mcdonalds meal for your contributions. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I hate that this is the only project I've backed that never fulfilled and completely hosed everyone. Sad that my perk was never fulfilled. This project is beyond dead. Still waiting!!!!!!! This was my very first kickstarter project that I backed. This project is what brought me to kickstarter. Funny, that the very project that brought me to Kickstarter is one that has never been fulfilled. People pledge hard earned money to only lose it. Please provide an update or speak facts about the future or lack thereof for this product. I got my myIDkey long time ago. Never really used it. @Sherri & @Steven - Sadly they won't be returning any money to anyone. Nor product. No refunds. Consider it a total fail on the part of MyIDkey / Arkami Give me my money back you thief!!! Send my money back please Send him messages through LinkedIn. @Karl H. You must be kidding! @ Sally Scott - We'll never hear form Ben Chen or the other dirt bags every again. Time for another update. We know we're not going to get what we paid for but at least have the decency to be honest and own the fact these devices are never coming and that there are better products already on the market now. Big waste of money. Not happy @ Karl Hedstrom - Sadly it's never going to happen. Just another failed kickstarter (aka fraud, aka scam) I just sent you a KS message with my new reward mailing address, because I am moving at the end of June. Really hope to get this some day. Thanks! We need to get a law that does not like projects like this take money unless they have a product to sell. That is the issue with these sties, a lot of people will get the product but some will not. I was burned on a few projects 3 out of maybe 20. I will not back expensive projects any longer. Kickstarter needs to get things like this under control. They hold the money or something like that. <url>"new" keys comming? ;-) So are we screwed or do we call this guy (Bruce Rector) and ask for the funds back? In case someone had doubts. The final nail in this coffin has been nailed long time ago. January 19, 2017 Better Business Bureau Southeast Florida and Caribbean Division 441 Beacon Cir., Ste. 4 West Palm Beach, FL 33407 Re: Consumer Complaint by Arik , Complaint ID No. 90379XXX Dear Sir or Madam: On January 13, 2017, Sonavation Inc. (“Sonavation”) received the above-referenced complaint from the Better Business Bureau servicing Southeast Florida and the Caribbean (“BBB”) (the “Complaint”). By way of his Complaint, Arik (“Mr. Arik”) contends that a product initially presented by Arkami, Inc. (“Arkami”), and into which he invested monetary funds, has not been produced to date. He is requesting a refund of his investment from Sonavation. Sonavation appreciates the opportunity to provide this response. By way of background, Arkami presented the “myIDKEY” product through Kickstarter PBC (<url>“Kickstarter”), in March 2013. For various reasons, the product was not delivered to Kickstarter participants and Arkami was unable to continue its operations. In December 2014, Sonavation acquired the foreclosed assets of Arkami from its secured shareholders. Following the acquisition, it became evident that Sonavation needed to invest additional time, energy, and resources to complete development of the product. Should Sonavation succeed in resolving certain design flaws, the company can apply for and obtain the required industry certifications and export approvals which are a prerequisite for delivery of the IDKEY™ M to consumers. Sonavation regrets any inconvenience Mr. Arik may have experienced. If you, or Mr. Arik, have any additional questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact me directly at 561-209-1201. Thank you once again for allowing Sonavation the opportunity to address this customer concern. Very truly yours, Bruce Rector Bruce Rector Chief Financial Officer & Chief Compliance Officer Sonavation, Inc. 2 years and still nothing. No refund and now we have an orange turd in the White House. FML. This is ridiculous. We all deserve a refund. We have endured a long enough wait. On that note and without any personal gain from it have a look at Qkey - A smart, simple, and secure online experience.Its here on Kickstarter Not expecting anything, but need to feel I have done SOMETHING :) Maybe we should celebrate some kind of aniversary? Still waiting for updates... 4 years later, and it's kind of sad that a solo hacker has made more progress building something on his lonesome than the entire project team + Sonavations have achieved here. <url>“Sonavation”) received the above-referenced complaint from the Better Business Bureau servicing Southeast Florida and the Caribbean (“BBB”) (the “Complaint”). By way of his Complaint, David Taterka (“Mr. Taterka”) contends that a product initially presented by Arkami, Inc. (“Arkami”), and into which he invested monetary funds, has not been produced to date. He is requesting a refund of his investment from Sonavation. Sonavation appreciates the opportunity to provide this response . By way of background, Arkami presented the “myIDKEY” product through Kickstarter PBC (<url>“Kickstarter”), in March 2013. For various reasons, the product was not delivered to Kickstarter participants and Arkami was unable to continue its operations. In December 2014, Sonavation acquired the foreclosed assets of Arkami from its secured shareholders. Following the acquisition, it became evident that Sonavation needed to invest additional time, energy, and resources to complete development of the product. Should Sonavation succeed in resolving certain design flaws, the company can apply for and obtain the required industry certifications and export approvals which are a prerequisite for delivery of the IDKEY™ M to consumers. Sonavation regrets any inconvenience Mr. Taterka may have experienced. If you, or Mr. Taterka, have any additional questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact me directly at 561-209-1201. Thank you once again for allowing Sonavation the opportunity to address this customer concern. Very truly yours, Bruce Rector Bruce Rector Chief Financial Officer & Chief Compliance Officer Sonavation, Inc. +1 @ Alistair Dale They should have shipped us all a #2 pencil and a pad of post-it notes. I filed a complaint at your suggestion with the BBB. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I'm filing with the Florida Attorney General and putting in a complaint with the BBB. Please join me. Sonavation: just nail the coffin if this is dead! Long ago I accepted that this project had died. I accepted that I had made a bad investment. I accepted that I had lost my money. What I cannot accept is that Sonavation refuses to give us closure by telling us the project is dead. Their silence is deplorable and reprehensible. It was very stupid of them changing the overall design in the beginning. Which pretty much ate up most of the funds and caused additional delays. Delays cost money. And the design change was also rigged. To the original founders of myIDkey, you guys are worthless . I keep coming back to see what others have posted and see that nothing has changed. I'll check back in a few more months. They should be forced to return their CES awards. VAPORWARE!!!! Can I just have an old working laptop instead? IT may be a little heavier but I can put passwords on it instead.. *giggle* IHere's another project of the same variety for those willing to roll the dice again. I'm pretty sure Big Ben isn't on hand to mismanage this one. <url>"Be respectful and considerate". This company is showing no consideration to its backers, nor has it shown any respect by its science it permeates to all. The so called technology from 3 years ago, is now so far outdated, and not worth zip with other "id keys" on the market, far cheaper, and readily available now, not when this company wants to stop playing. Money certainly wasted for sure. You would think they could make the post on Kickstarter. My response from the team on Aug. 12: We're currently making efforts towards the final completion of the M-Series Devices. Some manufacturing inconsistencies brought about additional setbacks that were not anticipated. We truly understand the frustration that the Kickstarter backers have experienced and our teams are focused on bringing you the most optimal product that we can provide. We thank you for your continued patience while we approach the completion of this project. Any update is welcome when it's been so long. Thanks - Susan I sent an email to Sonavation last weekend and got the following message back from them. I can't help it but I keep holding faith: " Sonavation is continuing to work to develop the IDKEY™ M-Series device. The technology we acquired from Arkami was not fully developed and had design flaws. If Sonavation can complete development to its satisfaction, delivery to is expected to begin after Sonavation obtains the required industry certifications, export approvals, and manufacturing is underway. Thank you for your continued patience. Regards, Sonavation Team " Another fraud by Ben Chen. Only thing he is good at is making shit fail. Like many, doing my round of dead campaigns, gone down the drain like Mycestro, Radiate fitness shirts. Didnt even realized that I lost the ability to believe campaigners for awhile now, sad for the true, honest campaigners that suffer the blunt of lack of early trust as soon as a misstep occurs. And this technology is far outsmarted by Apple to name one, logging thru iphone and watch authentication, samsung uses retina scanner, Asus fingerprint scanner to log you into your computer, apps, browser, I even use a very simple usb authentication key that cost under $30 now, no storage but who cares, a 16gb usb key barely cost $3 by now, I order them in bunch now, encryption is included, no actual idea what I'll do with the IDKey when they arrive, if any. I just dropped in to see if there was anything new... but of course there isn't. I took a quick look on Sonavation's website and noticed that there is no longer any reference or link to IDKEY at all. Also, the pre-order page has been pulled down from the IDKEY website: <url>"Empowering Trust, Delivering Peace of Mind." They failed on both counts. Agree with Thomas Phan. Nothing here. I'd really like to see some $ refunded on these projects that have not produced anything in year(s). This is my oldest, unfulfilled Kickstarter campaign. I'm just curious if Arkami, Inc., is bankrupt, or if we can expect to see a return on our early good-faith investment in the future? Fantastic experience with this campaign. Successfully turned me off to kickstarter. Thanks for promising and not delivering. Ps. Apple figured this tech out for you already. Is the next campaign going to be a super duper new form of VHS cassette? Making my rounds to dead Kickstarter campaigns. Nothing to see here carry on... Looks like this project is dead and my money has been stolen... yet again reasons why I do not support any more crowd funding projects and slag the KickStarter/IndieGogo franchises on twitter. Thieves Three years and counting. This is a project that makes others think twice about being a supporter on KS. Very disappointed how so many of these companies just don't care. Feature creep, empty promises, don't expect to get anything out of it and think A LOT before you ever back something on kickstarter. I got scammed twice... the first was here and the second is the damn peachy printer <url>#flashing1200 haha I want a Refund now, I've waited too long. Thieves join me at <url>"happy" 3rd anniversary to everyone else who also hasn't received their device which was supposed to arrive in March/April of 2013. I got an official reply from them recently stating there would be no refunds. Yay. Kickstarter allows scammer coming to raise a huge sum of money and then disappear? Refund? what a ripoff, not even a statement in the last 6 months. Folks like these are what will make community funded projects die. No news, bad news. One more epic fail....sick of it. Jared - No need to update your address.. this will never ship. Paul - No refunds, they made that clear (that is about the only thing they made clear, haha). Insomnia - LOL at "But they can always say they won CES in 3 categories!" I need to change my survey after so many years. If indeed sonovation will send out products. Final Update or refund the money.... By the time they make this thing, USB ports will be legacy and passwords will be obsolete. But they can always say they won CES in 3 categories! <url>"update" was in Sept.2015? Are we STILL going to be "in the dark" on this project to come to fruition? I like to [think] I give the benefit of the doubt, but this has gone way beyond our trust, Dontcha think? PLEASE TELL US SOMETHING!!!! also T: (561) 209-1201 I doubt they ever come here to read what we say. Better chance to reach them directly or on social media? T: (561) 227-2941 F: (561) 209-1202 E: <email> <url>"Alive and well" = haha yeah, right) <url>"If we are able to develop the IDKEY™ M-Series device to our satisfaction..." If? Wow, I believe that's the first time Sonovation has admitted that they might not be able to pull this off. Previous communications had led me to believe they were in the testing and approval stage but if they're still trying to get it to work, that's not a good thing. replybot The technology we acquired from Arkami was not fully developed and had design flaws. If we are able to develop the IDKEY™ M-Series device to our satisfaction and to obtain the necessary certifications and approvals to begin supplying them to consumers, Sonavation’s plan is to deliver the device to Arkami’s Kickstarter backers. We expect to provide updates concerning our development progress when appropriate. We are not issuing refunds at this time. Thank You, Sonavation Team More Lies!?! @Lee Agree! too late! This product is past it's prime. I gave up and got 1Password and Dropbox. I have 256 encrypted database on Dropbox and 1Password on all my devices. This gives me security, access to usernames and passwords, backups and a quick and useful tool without a USB key that I may lose. It was a good idea but now I wash my hand sof it. @Ronald "You think every one should just suck it up and let it go on." If your statement above applies to my comment to you: I never said you should suck it up and let go. Quote to me where I said that to you. It comes down to practicality. Is it worth suing/class action over a few hundred bucks? No. You'll have a hard time banding people together enough to do it and the lawyers and costs will kill any return. I know -- I'm on another project where someone is trying to crowd fund legal action with a $10k goal. We're 25% there. And yes, I contributed a good sum to the fund. Attempt a charge back on your credit card. Find the creator location and serve them. Go small claims. Ultimately KS is a crap shoot. You're giving money to some entity based on their ability to convince YOU to do so. Perhaps you pick shitty projects -- I don't know [I've got a few that suck so I'm not immune from this]. Perhaps it was luck of the draw. We agree this project sucks right now. We agree that there are both good and bad folks on KS. I suggest that you vote with your money in future. 2c -- continue to vent if it helps. I now see how they take care of opinions This is what I my self think. You think every one should just suck it up and let it go on. And thats the way it is, I am not talking about this pledge I am talking about the hole system in general it's starting to become a pot of gold for thieves if no one has control or restrictions and any accountability for their actions. It will be a great injustice to all the smart an creative people out there that don't get backed because people start to be afraid of being duped. I am done, I will just sit back and watch a good thing go BAD and keep my two cents to my self. : thank you @Ronald Here's the thing: Any good lawyer will tell you to keep your mouth shut. There is no incentive whatsoever for these folks to update us. Anything they say can and will be used against them. You're backing something really based upon someones word that they'll do something. Stuff can go wrong, they can be dishonest, etc. Does it suck what happened here? Absolutely. Was there dishonesty/fraud? I don't know -- but I do believe (after the fact) Arkami was incompetent and wasted a lot of time and money. Our new overlords appear to have run into problems too. The common person in the equation is Benny Chen. I can't say if he's hurt...or helped. I don't have the information I'd need. Just an observation... I don't know about you but this is not my first loss, I bet there are a lot more backers of a great many failed projects on backing companies out there.They are suppose to have working prototypes and know what they are doing before not after getting are money. I have backed 9 projects in 3yr of which only one was delivered on time and worked like it was suppose to, another no longer worked with my phone because they changed it, and all the others I am still waiting to get. As long as anyone can do a good pitch and make money and not be accountable this is just going to get worse, and the companies make their money ether way and again not accountable. Don't get me wrong there a lot of good legit projects but they're also bad apples that need to be sorted out and I do under stand unforeseen things happen, but they at least can answer are emails and keep us informed. This is just my thoughts and beliefs,I hate to see a good thing go bad,it can be a great tool for great products. Ronald Harrington, who are you going to sue? Arkami isn't a thing anymore and Sonovation has stepped in at the request of Benjamin Chen to at least try and get us something out of this. I know there's a lot of resentment toward Ben but at least he's trying. Kickstarter? I'm sure that legally, they are well protected against these kinds of lawsuits. They couldn't do business if they weren't. Plus I'm into this for $99, more than I want to lose, but seriously that's about a morning's worth of billable hours for a good attorney. Even a class action suit is going to be throwing good money after bad. I've just put this down to a learning experience and I'm much more careful about what I invest in these days. So how many of you want to go in on a class action against them and get are money back? I don't know about you but I am getting tired of being ripped off on Kickstarter and Indiegogo this needs to stop. Latest version of MYIDKEY just announced: <url>#UP________ for one IDKEY M-SERIES device is still active. We'll contact you via email when shipping begins. I don't think "making efforts" means what they think it means. :-) Never gonna happen Soon, we will have waited 3 years!!!! We should all celebrate!!! Looks like they won't give us an update but will reply to emails. This is what I got yesterday Hello Nathan, We're currently making efforts towards the final completion of the M-Series Devices. Some manufacturing inconsistencies brought about additional setbacks that were not anticipated. We truly understand the frustration that you have experienced and our teams are focused on bringing you the most optimal product that we can provide. We thank you for your continued patience while we approach the completion of the IDKEY M. We'll contact you via email when shipping begins. Regards, Sonavation Team This gives me mixed messages because they could have just easily ignored my email but spent the time copying and pasting a response for me. Hmmmmmmm Full refund please or a decent update Slopavation sucks: Last login Dec 15 2015 The cowards logged on Dec 9th. They took this project over and made promises they still have not fulfilled. They Have broken the Law many times over. two things for you backers to check out below. <url>#/ They made Star Wars Episode 7 in the amount of time this project has taken to fail. Sorry Iam done I need my money back now. In the time it has taken to get to this point I have a child I know need to take care of. Give me my money now! More smoke show, empty words.... <url>"Move to..." Folder would be great. Slopavation area bunch of shiitbirds. It would be moronic to trust them or any hardware/software they produce. 1 PASSWORD FTW: <url>#rude :-) I do believe this video is from an earlier iteration of the company: <url>~ This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Special thanks to Benjamin Chen. This is all your fault. They only posted something because I've been raising holy hell through the Better Business Bureau. Not a coincidence. After 2 years now they're getting the permissions that they need? What is that?! The update was like a politician answering a question Finally an update. Even though it didn't have much info, at least it shows you are still out there. That's all we ask for. Even if the update is no update it's better than silence. You guys are a joke of a company. If we do a class action suit against them we should be compensated for a lot more than what we paid. This should include the length of time we've been waiting (sort of like late fees, just like a company would charge us if we paid them late), the aggravation, disappointment, and being scammed just to name a few. We are definitely owed a lot more than the payment we made Class action? And if this is allegedly the case that they're working on it, then why absolutely no communication for months on end? Oh yeah, because they're full of it "We're currently making efforts towards the final completion of the M-Series Devices. Some manufacturing inconsistencies brought about additional setbacks that were not anticipated." = I don't think these morons code program the clock on a vcr. #flashing1200 I got this reply from them Good Morning James, We're currently making efforts towards the final completion of the M-Series Devices. Some manufacturing inconsistencies brought about additional setbacks that were not anticipated. We truly understand the frustration that the Kickstarter backers have experienced and our teams are focused on bringing you the most optimal product that we can provide. We thank you for your continued patience while we approach the completion of this project. Regards, Sonavation Team These guys should grow a pair and just post that this project is a wash. Pathetic, at best, that they come here (last login Oct 19 2015) and don't say anything at all. Ben Chen and the rest of Slopovation are a bunch of fvckheads and I hope Karma puts her foot up their ass. Jeez. Half a million and these guys just disappear. Karma may be the only reward here... Has anyone signed the waiver and got the IDKEY X instead? Yea, definitely wait until it releases. Rather pay full price for a real and physical product. Thank you Jackie Cheng for the info. I will bookmark the site. I do agree with Charles Ebert and am going to wait and see if these people actually come through Passport looks great! Probably just wait for that. I'm glad I come back once in awhile to look at the comments! Thanks Jackie Cheng. The Passfort looks more or less like what I want. Unfortunately they are saying that they're not going to ship until next March. Since it's too late to contribute to the Kickstarter, I think I'm going to learn the lesson from MyIDKey and wait until they are shipping them to order one. Passfort $49 <url>"updates" are totally meaningless and in bad faith. I'm terribly disappointed! I'm going to try filing a complaint with the Better Business Bureau and the FTC. I just wrote to Kickstarter but I'm sure that won't receive any acknowledgment. Somebody has to be held responsible Refunds aren't going to happen, ever. Please just refund my pledge at this time. I have been patient long enough. Any FTC complain petition coming? I've backed a lot of kickstarter projectd, and unfortunately while this project looked promising, it turned out to be the worst one I backed. Slipped deadlines, no communication, sold company, broken promises, the list goes on... When a complaint is filed I'll happily sign it. I'll sign it. I took screen shots of the idkey website many months ago. It use to state that The M series would be delivered at the end of summer.which is NOW!!! well that was removed sometime back. I'll sign it... Slopovation has logged into kickstarter several times over the past two weeks, most recently today, and not a word from them here. Typical from these clowns. <url>"2013 CES winner in three categories!" What a bunch of crap. Here's a leaked picture of the new, top secret, IDKEY model Z <url>"what about that?" "Could the new technology be adapted to bio-metric identification rectally? A light bulb went off in the room as it was quickly embraced. A suppository with rectal bio-metric identification technology could revolutionize the security industry. The technology is new and will take several years to develop. When asked about the extended time frame, the CFO replied by simply stating "we're a little constipated right now, but as soon as this enema starts working the flood gates will open." Got a Yubico Neo in the interim, does a lot in a small form factor. @dim3m - They probably going to ask us to donate a kidney as well. @Jackie, Don't be ridiculous, "need little bit more funding"? That ain't gonna work. We need to give them a lot more money and maybe even our souls. I submitted the complaint too. Idk if it will get us anywhere but it was worth a shot. They've really ruined kickstarter. I hope no one else has to go through this ever again LOL...a bunch of you guys still think this is a real product?!?! They scammed us all. All lies in every update trying to drag it out. Even if it was real then it's already a 3+ year old tech that's totally useless compared to what's out there. But for those that still holding out hope then I have news for you!! I'm sure their next update will say that they will offer it in gold color! But then after a few months then they will say the color didn't come out right and they're sourcing a new color factory. And a few months after that they will say that they are about to ship but they don't have enough tongues to lick those stamps so they're going to China to find a factory of tongues. The next update after that would be the China tongue factory had a fire and everything was bbq so they had to source another factory. But by that time they decided that gold wasn't important and that USB-C port is more important so they have to go back to the design phase. But before they go into the design phase, you have to pay more money because it's so close to completion that they just need a little bit more funding. Reported it as well. Last update was May, need some information. "I just reported this project to KS as being neglected in Post-Funding. I suggest others do the same. It is at the bottom of the campaign page" Just submitted hello sonavation, could you please give us an update when should we expect the device shipped? It's been months since your last update. Thanks! Didn't any lawyers buy this thing? Seriously, it's never going to be made, This is fraud plain and simple. This is the ideal situation to send a message to kickstarter that you can't play us for fools and get away with it! Their last login to KS: Jul 15 2015 I just reported this project to KS as being neglected in Post-Funding. I suggest others do the same. It is at the bottom of the campaign page. Damn...I really thought we were going to get it after the last round of (mis-)information. .. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz! Lastpass FTW Good news for Kickstarters being ripped off: <url>"I am surprised that no Attorney General or state attorney has decided to make a name for themselves and press charges on this.The public has been deceived, and potentially defrauded with a modern version of "snake oil"" Would it be quite a case load if General or State attorneys were to took all those cases? I have at least 10-15 cases to provide them, including this one! Scammers Their last log in was on July 15th. Must have been checking on the last project they backed.... So I got this response on July 9th, I am interested in discovering what "soon" is in terms of this project now. This was the first project I ever backed, feels like years ago, oh wait...... Arkami, Inc. Jul 9 2015 Report spam Eric, We greatly appreciate your continued patience. We'll have an update for you soon and we'll notify you all when shipping begins. Please notify us if you have a change in shipping address. We currently have XXXXXXXXXXXXX on file. Thank You, Team Sonavation Jackie, I posted this last December, "It feels like there is going to be a catch somewhere before this is over, like a mandatory subscription or something similar. Just a hunch and hope I'm wrong." When one looks at the totality of the circumstances surrounding the progression of this "project" one can make an argument that this is fraud ab initio. (From the beginning) The initiators of this project clearly stated that they were ready to go into production. The subsequent back pedaling and revisions could support an allegation of deceit and an intent to defraud investors rather than actually produce a finished product. I am surprised that no Attorney General or state attorney has decided to make a name for themselves and press charges on this.The public has been deceived, and potentially defrauded with a modern version of "snake oil". If somebody said I have the Brooklyn bridge to sell you, and people paid, them there would be no question and charges would be brought. It makes one wonder if there are politics playing out behind the scenes. When one looks at the totality of the circumstances surrounding the progression of this "project" one could make an argument that this is fraud having ischio plane and Found on Amazon link provided by BAF: "IDKEY Premium Service can be purchased via the IDKEY website. Premium Service includes access to firmware updates and feature upgrades. Service lasts for 1 year. Renewable annually." Guess they want to milk your wallets every year... But I think we're safe since we're never going to see an actual product. Even if it comes out, it's obsolete 3 years old tech... AN UPDATE WOULD BE APPRECIATED!!!!!!!!!!!!! <url>"Rest assured the first units have been dedicated to you our Kickstarter backers and we have not changed our overall shipment schedule to begin to fulfill deliveries over the next few months." We are at the end of that window. (Apr 2 - Jul 2) Bottom line, here's what I'm asking for. An update concerning 1) the technical problems (May 11 update about sensor communications circuits in the daughter board) and 2) a current estimate of the "overall shipment schedule". Could it be slightly better than "over the next few months"? I'm NOT looking for an exact month and day! Thanks. Awwww @Trogdor..... the video has been taken down..... what was it? I never got the chance to see it. com·mu·ni·ca·tion kəˌmyo͞onəˈkāSH(ə)n/ noun 1. the imparting or exchanging of information or news. They're probably going to make another excuse saying that they're upgrading the USB to USB-C connection to future-proof it. Also they're going to offer it in 3 colors: silver, black and gold. After that they're going to make another excuse and say that the gold color was not done nice enough and would take a few more months to source another factory to do it properly. Any update? Things have gone pretty dark. I'm yet to receive my device. This is really unacceptable!!! +1 @Marie-Andree - They should send Ben C. in here to tell us jokes or funny stories to keep us entertained. This project is really ....... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz! I opted for the X series and finally received it on June 12th. The only thing I have been able to use it on is my google account. Also, the fingerprint reader seems to be really finicky. Yup... sensing blood in the water... <url>"marketing beta testers" of sorts, since they already know that the customer had an interest in the product to begin with. They're never just going to give back $100's of dollars to people when they wont get ANYTHING back out of it..... whereas they WILL look at giving $20 worth of cost price hardware as a test marketing survey research type tool. This method is probably cheaper than setting up their own marketing research department, and since they would be giving hardware to people in this instance anyway.... why not use the previous Arkami database client list, and score some PR points in the process..... Now if they could only actually deliver a product....... that will be interesting..... I lost over $400 on this failure.... so it's already been written off to me. But it will be nice to see ONE DAY if such a product ever comes to fruition, as it's still a product that I want. I am not holding my breath.... as for if it will ever happen.... I'll beleive it when I see a shipping tracking number in my inbox.... until then.... I will assume that I am still out at a loss of over $400. A shame. I want a refund!!!!! I would still wait and see what will be delivered and how it's fit in our need, provided if Sonavation keep supporting in future for this product. Good luck Sonavation team. Any word on the sleeves? ;-) From the idkey.com site. IDKEY X basic, available for purchase now $149.95 . IDKEY M available this summer. @Tom, lol. I actually dont use the IDKey. It sits right here in front of my monitor as a reminder. I still really really hate the design change. When the creators gave out the survey to vote on the design. They clearly made the current design more favorable. I compared all the options and we were tricked into picking the current one. I still very much like the original design. I have already expressed what this current design looks like in the past and got a my comment removed and warning from kickstarter about the words used. Anyways, what can we do when they decided to waste the initial funding to redo the whole damn project. This user's account has been deleted. Please refund all my money. The wait for this has been way too long. Thanks "IDKEY by Sonavation ‏@IDKEY May 11 #YouShouldKnow - 23% of employees will open a phishing email. Secure your corporate #Google accts w/ the #IDKEY. <url>" #YouShouldKnow - 99% of Kickstarter backers will get "scammed" by supporting #IDKey (#myIDkey) @Sonavation and @BenjaminChen88 (the 1% being dim3m + a few others) This project is not a scam. I have received the Original MyIDKey with limited features. The problem was it was a poor execution by the original creator and more funds used when they tried to change the whole thing. But I still have hope for the new people behind this product. Thanks for the update. I'm going to continue to be patient and wish you good luck whilst I keep my fingers crossed to receive a delivery at some time. Please keep the updates coming though Thank you for for the update. While others may be discouraged or worse, indignant, I am confident this project ultimately will be delivered. Angry backers: consider project creators who have taken the money and vanished. MyIDkey is still alive. Be thankful. The funny thing is that not only do they fail in creating a product...they actually FAIL at scamming people as well. Here's a crash course for you: Step 1: Design fake product, Step 2: Get a sh!t load of "investment" money, Step 3: RUN. There is NO Step 4: Keep up with fake updates. So just end it already. We all know you don't have anything real. We've all accept the fact that we lost our hard earned money. So don't drag it out. Close this kickstarter and end it. I don't like to be negative, but seriously. The changes in technology 2 years later have basically made this concept obsolete. If I'm wrong, someone please set me straight..... The best way to get back at these people is to hold them accountable, get on their social network accounts and let EVERYONE know about how wonderful this experience has been. <url>" cube. Great update. Thanks It is time for refunds. I have no faith, despite today's update, that this product is real or will ever ship. Guys, it's now been more than a month since your last update. Please would you let your backers know what's going on and when we might expect delivery. Even if there has been more problems and delivery is delayed further, it's best to keep us informed as I think that most of us are likely to be patient, it's just that we want to know what's happening! Thanks over a month has gone by... please give us some updates. I think all of us would appreciate some type of consistent regular update on what's going on. Even if it's delays.. redesigns.. we just want to know. Thanks @creator Seriously, what is going on? It has been almost a month since the last update. Are these ever going to ship? I have got 2 pieces of trash USB dongles big ugly and not functioning units,,Kickstart become scamstarter,, and also supported by CES and reddot. I don't understand why all this big organization organization how they certified the product just based on concept unless those product not even function. @Holden - Yep! I'm sure right now they're thinking of ways to add in a curved touch screen with a USB 7.0 connection and offer in a sparkling gold color. The new idkey better have a retina display on it and I hope they can get it to us in time for Christmas 2035. They're probably redesigning the whole thing again, will run out of money again and tell us they will find a new company again. � Shouldn't these be shipping by now. Last update was 12 days ago.... whats happening now???? @Jackie Delays? I'm sure they can. Lets add more things and more things and more things and keep delaying it. Can they delay it longer so they can add in the USB-C port? I can't wait to get MyIDkey M series. I still have some use for it. And glad they added the bluetooth. Promising to start delivering late March has turned into.. We started testing in (now) beginning of April.... And will be fulfilled in the next few months? This is my first funding... And from this experience.. Will probably be my last. Greatly disappointed... Mark your calendars and hold your breath :-) . "Rest assured the first units have been dedicated to you our Kickstarter backers and we have not changed our overall shipment schedule to begin to fulfill deliveries over the next few months." (re: Apr 2 2015 update) This user's account has been deleted. Come on guys... You said you'd keep us updated on progress, please find the time to do this for your backers. I really think we deserve one. Thanks I sure hope so.... Last time they logged into Kickstarter: Mar 31 2015 Maybe an update is in the works? Vaporware company...create fake products to get funding to line their own pockets. @Scott Beard - "late March"...but they didn't say which year. "Kickstarters will be the first to begin receiving the new Sonavation® IDKEY™ M-Series Device. Shipping to Kickstarters will begin in late March and will continue for several months until all Kickstarter orders are fulfilled." It's as "late March" as you can get. Update? In-case you don't follow them on social media... recent post from @Sonavation twitter: "Curious about last week's #ConnectID? Cue the highlight reel: <url>" . The pics display small, here are the full sized versions: <url>"We are on course to begin shipping the first units at the end of this month with the remaining shipping over the next couple of months. " When can we expect the next update? After 2 years I think those of us that remained with this project should get some kind of bonus This has FRAUD written all over it. Perhaps I should file an inquiry with my State Attorneys office Are you guys' (Sonovation) surprised in the low interest ? most people have moved on and forgotten about this. With the project 2 years behind your still claiming it's going to take 2 months to ship ? don't be surprised if most people don't believe you, me included. I'm at the point yeah sure whatever, I'll believe you when I have working model in my hands. yes webcast would be great idea, at least people who are not close and interested could enjoy it! I too am Leary about product and delivery. Why cancel the event. You say low response rate well why not move into this century and do a web cast at least we can then see something I wish I could get excited about this. But the design has changed so much since the original Kickstarter, it's pretty much useless to me. The app to maintain passwords has always been riddled with bugs to the point that it wasn't worth trying updates. This is growing into a solution in search of a problem. Dear Sonovation, I think I speak for many backers when I say that we're not interested in Demos, events, or videos. This experience has been a roller coaster of disappointment. While we're cautiously optimistic about your promises of April Shipping, It's nothing we haven't heard before. If you wish to prove yourself to us, your backers, and drag the reputation that Arkami has so generously passed on to you, out of the mud, try communication instead. Talk to us like we were in some way relevant to you and maybe you'll get less paper weight remarks and more optimism. 13 days into March and ZERO word from MySonvationKeyId..or whatever they call themselves now ;-) ... They tweet daily from the twitter.com/idkey account ... radio silence here . Last time they logged into kickstarter = Last login Feb 25 2015 Starting to feel like the 'same old same old' again . Communicaton / com·mu·ni·ca·tion noun 1. the imparting or exchanging of information or news. Chris, I found that they are not heavy enough to even make a good paperweight. We should get these just about the time that USB C and biometrics are mainstream. @Kim Bryant I also received one and would have to agree with @Chris Davies. Mine still works but is very unpredictable. Looking forward to the new version though. Hopefully there is some improvement. @Kim Bryant- i received one, most expensive paperweight I've ever owned. Update Please?! I agree with Eric L Karr. especially since I didn't receive one the first time they were shipping (I'm curious who actually did) and I never got a phone call or email from Ben thanking me for my patience. So I would hope that the early backers would be rewarded for their patience. @Creator - Update : noun ˈəpˌdāt/ an act of bringing something or someone up to date, or an updated version of something. @Creator/Sonavation How will you be shipping these? In other words what order are you going to use? Yes, I am wondering if since I am one of the first 100 Backers that is in an Early Early Bird tier will I be one of the first to receive it? Any update on shipment? Update? @Engels - Info about refunds: <url>® IDKEY™ M-Series Device. I need a refund, please. I don't need a meet and greet. Just myIdKey You know what would be better than meet-and-greets with the Sonavation team? Getting the actual myIDkey(s) that I pledged for. IRT, Thomas Phan's comment, it's an excellent point. Sonnovation is already While nothing is forever on the Web, it would be reassuring to know I could get data into and out of the IDKey without an app. Thus if the app never gets updated, at worst it's an inconvenience. I haven't shrieked loudly but had written my money off. I disagree with Jeff Brown's comments that these are investments. They are not. We are pledging money in return for something. We are not purchasing part of the company in question. According to Kickstarter, if the fulfillment cannot be carried out, each participant is owed a refund. This is important to realize that you are not just giving someone money and if it vanishes, oh well. I second Jeff Brown's comment; I have been one of the quiet supporters, with the occasionally expressed concern about feature creep. This new turn of events is very welcome. Those who were previous shrieking loudly that this project had come to a bitter end have been remarkably silent recently. Good question Thomas. The app is perfectible. Why not do a partnership with existing apps like 1Password, or PasswordBox? Those apps are well distributed, and let say it, much better than the Arkami/Sonovation one. Awesome news on the idkey. But what about the app. Will sonovation keep the same app or make another. Even if they don't change anything with the app it self what about updates and improvements on it. So surprised and delighted that Sonovation and MyIDKey have formed a partnership. I was not expecting delivery on this project would ever transpire. I know I take a risk as a backer and was not overly upset when I thought my backing would not yield a product. I am pleased at the commitment to the original backers and wish you nothing but success in your business. I should also include "Thank" to all of the remaining Arkami team and i hope you find satifying new positions with Sonovation! I would like to say "Congratulations" Ben. Not all of us have been vocal with harsh criticism. Many have sat quietly on the sidelines wishing you success and hoping for the best. None of us wanted to lose our money but we all know the risks involved in backing a project. It is never a guaranteed investment and never has it been promoted as such. You should never invest what you can't afford to lose. That is a basic truth in investing. If you don't understand that, then don't invest. Thank you Ben for caring so much about this project and your investors and working so hard to make this happen. Thank you Sonovation for picking up this project and making it a reality. From a marketing perspective, honouring the Kickstarter fulfillment is good business yet it was not necessary and so we thank you. I am really looking forward to delivery. finally some good news... i hope.. i say this because things change overtime (remember and we pledge here in kickstarter?) and sometimes what is promised and what we get are very diferents things... so i guess i just have to wait for March and see if i really get it! anyway at least there is hope ,) That's a great news, thanks for keeping us in mind and bring this project to live again. Keep us updated, waiting for mine. This is a good new for me ! I did pledge for 2 MyIdkeys ... And I was not so happy to see my pledges being lost ... But that is crowfunding ! Sometimes You can loose your money ! Now I want to publicly thanks the Arkamy team and the Sonavation team to bring this project alive again ! And most important, not having forgot the ones who did pledge ! *Happy Dance* @Kolbypanda I'm really happy that new life is being given to this project, and looking forward to getting my idkey. How do I register a change of address? My upcoming move will be my third residence since I backed this project. Waiting.............. When can we access the free google chrome extension? Thanks Donald. So I checked out the idkey.com site, and I'm cautiously optimistic about something that I'd already written off. I do have a question: Are we going to get the M series or the X series? The M series is closest to what we were signing on for. @Donald - Thanks for the info/update IO.K...so I went to the Encore Hotel last night to the Sonavation Suite and met Ben, Bob and others. I saw a current version of the IDKey tethered to a Mac. Worked fine and put in the login credentials into Amazon.com. As I understand it, Ben says, for now, must be tethered or via wifi due to a restriction within the browsers on Macs and PCs. I didn't ask about connection for autofill on phones but understand that bluetooth does/will work for that on phones. It is the same form factor as the old MyIDKey (as finally produced) but you can see the difference in the fingerprint reader. For those of you who got the original, screen looks the same. Things are looking up. The team seems positive and ready to get this thing done. You can see by previous comments, that I have been critical. Now, I am hoping things will be completed as planned. /s Donald Kudler From the comments in the last update: Creator Arkami, Inc. about 5 hours ago Hi Kickstarters, The website is now live at IDKEY.com. For those wondering, yes, all backers will receive the new IDKEY device. You will receive the same number of devices that you originally pledged for. Shipping is expected to begin in March. - Team Sonavation Please clarify - ALL Kickstarter backers (not just those who received a prototype) will be receiving a working MyIDKey in March *2015*? As a backer I guess I'm glad that they seem to be going to honor our purchase since the original went belly up they could just tell us to pound sand. I have been using the android app since it was released and works fine for me. I woild like to be able to see a demo online or pictures though. I didn't receive anything... :( So what happens to us backers that didnt receive an old myidkey and are still waiting? When are we going to receive our new fun product? What is the url of the website? Please issue me a refund as I have waited long enough for nothing. This is the last time I back anything on Kickstarter. I rather use websites like CircleUp, Angellist, SeedInvest, etc. Thanks for posting that Chris. Since the refund avenue has been closed, I hope the product we may receive lives up to original expectations. It feels like there is going to be a catch somewhere before this is over, like a mandatory subscription or something similar. Just a hunch and hope I'm wrong. Here is an email response I got when asking for a refund: Hi Chris, Sorry my first answer wasn't clear. We will not be issuing refunds, but will rather be sending out the new IDKEY as a replacement to any MYIDKEY that was purchased. I hope that clarifies. Thanks, Ilene Hope 2.0... I have been one of the very critical backers and I told Ben that in a phone call. I would like clarification regarding the 'new' IDKey. Is this a new design? Have all the inherent issues in the few that were delivered been rectified? This announcement is vague and I think we deserve more information. I will echo other backers here who would rather have a refund than another half baked attempt at a viable product. You know, its been so long since I wrote this off as a loss I honestly do not remember what the finished product is supposed to do or even what it is supposed to look like. Maybe an update with updated photo's and specs? I, for one, bid a glad welcome to our new corporate overlords for this project. If I can be of any assistance, be it great or small, please let me know. Your ob'd servant, Trogdor SO, Ben got himself a job out of this. I can see that Sonavation has been around since 2006 - at least they registered as a Corporation in Florida back then: <url>"get rich" idea would work better if Sonavation didn't use the same website layout as Myidkey. ooo...they got SonaApps.com as well. At least they filed for trademark... <url>"Please know that we are in the final rounds of securing a strategic partnership". How long do these "final rounds" take? The backers deserve some disclosure... It would be cool if there was ANY sort of information on this AT ALL. last update was in freaking SEPTEMBER. Thieves... REFUND! I want my stolen money back asshole! I would appreciate some news on this Mr. Chen. I asked for refund as soon as they changed the original design and I was lucky enough to get my refund around $99. Now I stopped backing projects especially on the Kickstrater as there is no support or help from them. REFUND! The best thing is Kickstarter is taking absolutely no responsibility of allowing scams like this to go on. sigh... There's no such thing as refunds... I asked months ago... nothing ever came. not even an answer My response to the failure of myIDKey and the lack of action by Kickstarter and Amazon has been to stop backing Kickstarter projects. Period. I'm done. @Brake Why not do both? :) almost forgot I backed this. But ... another thanksgivings is here. You think I can get a refund or I should black list all people from this company? Theft. MyIDkey was a scam. *snicker* I think refund requests have to be sent via email to: <email> I'd appreciate it if a refund could be made. Me top. I am tired of waiting!!!! Would like a refund ! I don't think they ever had the qualified personnel to do the job properly. Wannabe Apple type design and slick and expensive renderings took a lot of the cash. I agree dim3m, poor design choices and a product that was never ready for prime time. Not to mention a severe case of mis-managing fund allocation. I know for a fact that one of the investors lost a large portion of his trust fund trying to support this poor excuse for a company. Ben was spending money like water because he thought there would be lots more coming in. Fail. Plus I hate the fact that I need to carry around a damn usb cord to charge it or connect to a computer. How is this device portable if you can't use if you forget the cord. Very inconvenient. I still crave for the original sleek design. Not this egg shape dongle that claims my ass might be too heavy. We've all had usb thumb drives thats shaped like the original design. Those that break are usually from cheap material. They didn't have to change the whole freakin design. R&D killed this project. The amount of funds they had to allocate to the new design and redo the whole board. So many set backs. Like I said before. They tried to make the second and improved version before the first one. Which went way off budget and schedule. Holy cow... I totally forgot about it. It was quite attractive concept but not anymore. I just want to get refund. No money left in the company, Bennie or his strategic partnership is nowhere to be seen, so yes, even the people who actually got an unusable price of crap from the company have been screwed. Bennie is a slick salesman and played the con right to the end. He is working for a company that does produce something similar but this project is dead. @Dim3m, you actually got one? And there are others too??? How come I didn't get anything!? Dumb question.. but are we just screwed on this deal? I just want some type of apology at the very least @Marie, did you get a replacement for your myIDkey? Did they do anything in return? Just wondering. My IDkey still working. Just not been using it. It sits nicely on my table as a reminder. * justify not to do one or the other. @Jason Not really. KS now put a bit more emphasis on the need for creators to fulfill, refund or justify not to one or the other. That's it! KS will do nothing more to enforce these new guidelines, or protect backers after it distributes the funds to creators. Clifton just a heads up but KickStarter changed there policy I believe back in November so that the project created is heals liable for any unfilled rewards. That policy is for new campaigns and was not retro active. So pledging to products now you have a better chance of getting your money back If you are new here... Put your money back in your pocket and RUN!!! I have written or spoken to my credit card company (it's an Amazon card!) and Kickstarter support. Nobody has an answer but I have to wonder if Kickstarter should be renamed Kickbacker. Wonder what their take is? @mayankmisra You may report the project. Kickstarter will do nothing for you in regards to getting a refund. Suggest you contact the bank that services your payment method to see about a chargeback. A few people have reported success by reaching out to Amazon payments...but overall your best bet is to see if your card issuer can assist. How does one initiate a refund? Is there a way to get Kickstarter involved? A few things mentioned in the last update on 9/4. Nothing has happened so far after 2 months... *sigh*. I haven't backed a project in nearly a year because of this ordeal. Platinum backer who backed for multiple people. Not only am I out $350, I had to give some back to a couple people. FFS If they send me a handful of these, I 'might' be able to forgive and forget: IDKEY: <url>"Thanks for your support! <url>"completed and just needed cash to be built". (LIE) We got suckered --- Remember the names of the people involved and never allow them to get your money again. It does not represent the majority, also it is an investment. There are no sure things. I think that other creative people will learn to be more honest from this debakel and clearly represent their idea or product. I invested in Pebble --I love it-- I have invested in many successful cloud sharing concepts. Across the web. There are neat and creative people out there and this is a great resource. However there will always be those with the best of intentions, but they are complete nincompoops...IE myidkey amazing idea, poorly managed. I lost my money too -- but my conscience and integrity are intact. I doubt thiers is. @Arik My 2c They very much under priced the rewards and made too many changes along the way. I don't see fraud here...I do see bumbling and ineptitude though. All: the only question we need to ask: Was this a hoax / Fraud from day one or did this really go bad while all possible efforts were taken to salvage the product. ? This user's account has been deleted. Hello Out there...Is there anyone still there expecting to get a refund?????I have asked 27 times form all possible emails. Except the auto responder I have not got ANY response. ALL:This is just as an insolvency / bankruptcy issues. The big creditors gets the lion share.! All:this project is done and dusted. Finito.Kaput.Gone With the Wind.! May NOT rest in peace. So lets move on! May the force be with us all... Well, Folks I have officially lost all hope and confidence in this project. I call on Kickstarter to enforce their terms and conditions for Project Creators and execute justice for the 3,927 backers that have been scammed by this unicorn. @Marie, i agree. Thats one ugly "Tank look". What happened to simple and straight forward design. The original myIDKey was perfect. If it's the case, I hope it will not look like this! This "tank look" is pretty ugly! Things that make you go Hmmmm... . - Mr. Ben 'works' (term used loosely) at Sonavation as "President Consumer Products Group" (<url>"myidkey" aka "idkey" aka "axiskey"? (<url>~$100 (<url>"good news is coming!" = His words, proven time and time and time again, mean absolutely nothing. . Even for free, I would NEVER use or support ANY device/company that Mr Chen is a part of. #my2cents Just as an FYI to all, I sent my comment below to the email addresses that emailed me saying I would get my refund. I received an auto reply. I thought you all would be interested. The auto reply said: Dear Customers, During the last several months, we hit unforeseen design, cost and production delays in our business. Although we were able to complete and begin shipping product, we do not have the financial resources to continue functioning as a company without additional investment. We have spent the last two weeks in domestic manufacturing while simultaneously trying to raise additional capital. While we are looking at these options and to maintain the viability of the company, we have made the gut-wrenching decision to hibernate many of the functions of our current business, including manufacturing, marketing, support and sales. This means that we’ve had to lay off some of our employees. As a result, you may already have experienced delays and disruption to some of our communication. We apologize for the inconvenience this has caused. We want to ship you the best product possible and we are working on RMAs, fixing issues and iterating new builds of the firmware. We ask that you please be patient with us as we work on all of these things simultaneously. Our plan to is to continue on our development path while we raise additional funding to bring the company back to full operation. We realize that this has been a very bumpy journey but we remain committed to getting the business back on track and fulfilling the commitment to our customers. Sincerely, myIDkey Management This is now my fourth or fifth request to send me my refund as I was promised via email. I received your email (from <email>) on May 2, 2014 indicating I would receive my check within two weeks from that date. My Kickstarter ID is 724 and my Order Number: UP46252462. I have followed up several times requesting the check that you said would be in the mail. Please provide me a realistic time frame as to when I will receive my refund. Thank you. I'm a little concerned that Marie-Andree was able to return hers and I haven't heard from Arkami in months. Mine booted up once when connected to the computer even though the computer didn't recognize it. Since then it has been inert. I very politely explained the situation to them and asked them for an exchange once they got back on their feet. They contacted me right after I asked for the exchange and then again a couple of months ago, saying to hang in there, but since then, nothing. I'm neither a complainer nor a troll and I went into this with my eyes open as to the risks. But if I can salvage something out of this situation, either an exchange or a refund, by speaking up, I'm willing to do it. Please send me the instruction for the refound process. Where is my myIDkey? Tell me tracking number please. Refund or Product please. Interesting: <url>"happy few" that did received its MyIDKey. After some time not using it, I decided to charge it last night and tried to open it this morning. Light did goes on, but not the screen. Restart it again. Light did go on, no screen, and a weird continuous sound came out. Try to restart it again ... dead! Awesome from A to Z! I am done. It ain't over till the fat lady sings. I am still waiting for myIDkey :-( I just occurred to me how close the name Arkami is to Akamai, the Tech Company. Coincidence? I think it may have been done to try and gain credibility. Fail. hey kickstarter.com, please stop this drama! Learned a lesson here (Platinum early backer who never rec'd anything!) - don't trust this guy. I've completely stopped backing ANY Kickstarter projects after this and another tech-related complete loss. I had great success & satisfaction on other non-tech projects (fewer $$ invested, too). But no longer want to risk the losses. Too bad when guys like this spoil it for other legit tech projects. Woohoo! Looking forward to receiving my IDkey! :) Why do you insist on these nonsense lies? You've lost all credibility with all your Kickstarter investors. Even if you suckered in more investors, why not just stop with the updates? Just take the money and run. Much easier than dragging this out. Now I am proud of myself that I have backed out of this project and they gave me refund very long back. I learned from Kickstrarter's projects that you should never invest money on new technology product. currently I am loosing my money on two watch projects. I stopped kick starter completely. I have backed few projects (small) and they were successful but this one two other watch projects....are.... very frustrating. Good Luck. This project is now over a year behind schedule... I'm a pretty patient guy but this is getting to be completely ridiculous at this point... I have to agree PA. I talked to him and frankly was going to give him time to see what would happen. The audacity of posting on LinkedIn was the last straw for me. Ben believes his own BS and is looking for his next mark. Low level con man on my opinion. I've backed 23 projects here and Kickstarter has been a bit of a disaster for me. For some strange, unknown reason, my gut is still telling me something might still come of this project, but the silence is quickly eroding that feeling. Ben should have the sac to actually post some updates here instead of hiding on Linkedin. This project is DONE. Anyone who thinks it is coming back is just being taken for another ride. Besides, knowing the back story, would you really want to trust your user info/passwords to a device this company has anything to do with? @Carl Ritter - thanks for the info. I sure hope Ben is able to work something out. For whatever it's worth, Ben's been active on LinkedIn and has left a few comments similar to this "...thanks for being a supporter. Hang in there, good news is. coming. Stuck in a legal quiet period." See... <url>"Return the shipping fee at least for the backers who are outside of US" 'Enter the Dragon - Raising Money' by Benjamin Chen <url>"Hey thats life.." In reality it is much like Securities fraud... I learned a lesson like many others here I'm sure -- side on caution rather than fall into the "I may get an amazing deal...don't miss it" ...just needed to vent my frustration... Thanks I wouldn't be surprised if it is this outfit <url>"Hang tight. In regards to website, we recently got a cease and desist from a UK company that has MYID trademark." An independent blog or forum. I suggest a blog or forum to contain these article and messages about what can be done for backers loss. Diver, that article is from August 2013 not 2014. Those are not some recent investors. Can I get 10 sleeves to keep meh fingers warm? xD Is there some good news to share? @PA Computer Guy....now you're going to get sleeves and have no devices.....you going to auction the sleeves? @Ben Cooper - I sure hope it works out in your favor. Well courier picked up my UPS return paid myIDkey for repair/replacement today. We shall see what happens. That really sucks Evans. Sorry for your loss. I was one of the platinum people who donated! How do you think I feel guys! I was looking quite forward for this project to be completed and now 400$ gone!! It wouldn't be that bad if they were still communicating with us, but when it goes dark and the company is gone and the store is gone and site dead, lets call spade a spade and say. The dream is over. :( very very very sad!!!! . Not much else to do but wait Marie. As I posted after talking to Ben, I have little hope of this thing recovering. This 'new' company that was supposed to be the savior for the project and the fulfillment of all Kickstarter pledges being part of the deal seems like more delaying tactics. It does however keep the project pulse beating, however slowly. So does this mean we finally get the 'sleeves'? haha :-) @Diver Dennis Ben told me the same thing, for what it's worth. I'm thinking they had a plan to design a project and then get bought out by a big company for a huge profit. Guess that's a fail? I think they will be re-branded should they make a comeback PA. At least that is what Ben told me when he called. I don't think they would be inept enough to come back under the same name but then again they blew $3.5M, right? Recent response from myidkey ceo on Twitter: <url>" Take the money and run " hey, reading all these 1387 posts has been worth the $99.00. I would have to say the Ben has a lower approval rating than the folks in DC right now. To bad we can't vote Ben out of office or make him president......... Anyone get their money back yet? So is this thing dead? So sad, anyone successfully charge-back on an Amex? Looks like you may have to call in to do one of these charge-backs. If they had stuck to the original idea and just work out the issues then maybe it could have worked out better. But since they had more than enough funding. It looks as if they spent more on R&D trying to make the version 2 before the version 1. Just changing the initial form factor was a major set back. Plus the poor communication. I still prefer the original form factor. They made the oval egg shape to increase durability and handle more pressure. But I don't think anyone is heavy enough to crush it, from their back pocket. I have serval usb device that has similar shape and size. And they work fine and durable. This was a great idea that was executed poorly. I am one of the 2132 backers who pledged $99 and I really feel like I have been cheated. Rare updates, design changes, supplier changes, component changes, features that could have been added later, poor management, etc. Really disappointed. The worst is not the loss of money but the way we are treated here. No info's, no updates, just rip us off! And during we hang here in the wind because some incompetent CEO wasted our money, they sit together in some fine dining restaurant and think about what will be there next kickstarter project... Let us know how the clawback goes. So what the hell is going on No updated or talk of any sort. I was a early backer, This is Bull shit! I also am going to call my credit card company and let them know I was ripped off! Fraudulent charges for absolutely nothing and no word on what the hell is going on. I am sick of waiting with no updates. I also filed a complaint with the California Attorney General : <url>"It's not just you! <url>" via: <url>"getting"???? How do we request a refund guys? This is getting ridiculous. Ps- I was Vertically Integrated......and I liked it..... I donated to this bull crap idea! --- My bull crap fake id key... Tee hee Tom Kraus 3 days ago Sharing because we all need a good laugh... no matter how true this parallels Arkami. "Vertical Integration!" <url>"Vertical Integration!" <url>"pulling a Jackie" -- another shot? I have yet to receive either a product or refund...unlike Jackie and others. :) I didn't see that as an attack at you :) I apologize if you felt that way. I'm glad you received your myIDkey. I am annoyed with this project and the creator as a whole. @Trogdor "Pulling a Jackie" by attacking other backers? Very childish. You'r right, I feel that you are in high school again! By the way, there was a " ;) " in my previous message. Hope you know what it means. Shhhh...enBay ashay oldtay omesay eoplepay away ecrestsay! I'll give Ben this: The folks he called appear to have accepted whatever they were told and have backed off....even to the point of chiding those who release what is seen as 'confidential information.' Feel like I'm in high school again... :P I asked him about that LT. He said he had been reaching out all week but I never got a straight answer as to why he never posted an update. I also told him to post the positive feedback he had been getting as well. It seemed like he didn't think he would been seen as credible as a direct call. Only he knows why. In my opinion I think would be nicer if he posted to all of us rather than phone a few backers. I know long distance phone calls are cheap, but come on Ben. I do know what you mean though Marie. :o) Actually Marie it is the name of the company that is confidential and I was not privy to that. There seems to be a lot of 'confidential' information yet to emerge. Like I said, I asked some pointed questions and got answers that were more spin than substance. We are not shareholders and are not entitled to a whole lot of information about how they are running what is left of the company. Ben did have the cajones to call so that does count for something. @Diver DennisYou were also told that it is confidential ;) Sounds like a few of us had the same conversation Ryan. @Chris Davies - no problem. There is always a chance things may just work out. The website coming down is not a surprise because they are re-tooling with another company I'm told. We will just have to see what happens. I would love to have a working version of this product. Emphasis on working. Sounds like me and @Diver Dennis had a very similar conversation with Ben. Even the website is down now??? When you don't have the money to pay a hosting company the few dollars required to keep a website up you truly are doomed. Regardless of what they may say, this project is never coming back from the ashes. Run a business I would not trust them to run a bath... Jokers Lawsuit, that would ask some difficult questions as to where all that money went. No wonder Ben's calling people, some may call it panic or desperation at even the suggestion of a lawsuit. @ Diver Dennis- Thanks for sharing that, much appreciated. The situation is as people have predicted / thought of then. Those with non functioning units and those without anything shouldn't get their hopes up as to a resolution. Noone was ever going to create a lawsuit, this page has merely becoming a counselling group/ place to vent their frustrations. Thanks again. Hi Chris. Basically they have something in the works to rise from the ashes and at least be breathing before Thanksgiving. They are fully aware of the issues people who have received units are having but Ben also said there at a lot off people who have fully functioning units out there. I told him he should publish some of that feedback. There is little more we can do than wait frankly. There is no money to sue for and that was just talk anyway. I don't see anyone opening their cheque book or any lawyers stepping up to do it pro bono. We had a long talk and in the end I respect the fact he called. I didn't get answers to all my questions. It was a canned version of what we were told and some 'confidential' information. Do I think this project will get back on track? Not really but Ben thinks so and I will give him the benefit of the doubt. For now. Can anyone of you provide an update of what was mentioned from Ben? I'm sure it would put a lot of minds at ease for those who have yet to receive an item. i'm sure that those have received something would be interested also. Cheers. Got the call too and spoke with Ben. I got a call but I was on the other line. I called back but he was on the phone so I talked to a receptionist and set up a call for tomorrow. I have been very critical of Ben and his company so I owe him a chance to give me his side of the story. I am surprised he called frankly. We'll see what he has to say. Got a message and cell number from Ben as well. Ben did get back to me seemed he gave me one wrong number. After speaking with him, I'am slightly more hopeful with the information he gave me. Hopeful enough to give me 3 more weeks before I demand a refund. The news he gave me and the simple fact that he called personally was just enough for me. Could be expensive. I've never filed a Class Action, but I know it would start with identifying and mailing to 3,927 backers (or that many less the 143 who were not entitled to the device) advising of their rights to opt out. Even when done, unless there was a proven case of fraud, Chen (and others) could avoid payment by declaring BK. My recollection is that, where fraud is proven, cannot BK out of it. /s Donald Kudler Just got a call from Benjamin Chen who left a message saying he was wanting to check in and get an update from me. ( i had asked for a refund via message a few weeks back) called back the number he gave me (a google voice line) Went to some one named Ryan's voice-mail box. I had called back maybe 3 min after I missed the call. Sorry. How much. Darn spell checker. Hi Donald, thanks for the insight. The law is somewhat different in Canada. The other issue is cost. How icy to launch a suit like this? @Diver Dennis: A lot of issues. First, where to sue. My guess is that any Jurisdiction would be acceptable as the :Project Creators are well aware that the campaign is national and, therefore, the Project Creator should be exposed to defending a case in any State. That, of course, may be changed if the Kickstarter agreements state otherwise - especially if kickstarter is a named defendant. Next, comes the issue you are addressing piercing the corporate veil. The Choice of Jurisdiction may depend on going to a State that has the most favorable (to us supporters) laws on piercing the veil and allowing class actions to remain class actions. I suspect that the laws are similar, with minor differences. Off hand, I would say that a class certification in Federal Court should be consistent regardless of Jurisdiction - although that does not have to be the case. @Jackie: I know I wanted you on /ignore. That means I don't have to listen to you. I did not say you can't make any statements. Everyone has a choice at self censorship. That's what helps guarantee freedom of speech - it means the government or other entities do not have to censor for us. Only we have to and only we have the right to do so. I am not defending this company. I lost out as well. I cannot say for certain whether or not the failure was an intentional fraud or a failure in managing the project and/or puffery. As an attorney, I feel especially cautious about making allegations of fraud or other criminal acts as to do so may be taken as slander/defamation per se as an attack on the business or truthfulness of the business and its owners/principles. Please...if you're going to make accusations...make sure you understand what's going on and how the law works. So...you can continue to express your opinions and I can continue to express mine...that you're not the brightest bulb in the drawer......but...that's only my opinion...I could be wrong...... Has anybody charged back CC company, what was the outcome? Got refund yet? I received mine sometime ago and was able to update the firmware. But it's still lacking in lots of ways, mostly ridiculous battery life (less than a day) and lack of Bluetooth support (that is mostly why I chose to back it). I have had mine for quite a while now (uk).. it has the latest updates etc.. i've wiped it a couple of times and reinstalled updates.. it will not connect to a phone at all.. it is currently used as the most expensive paper weight i've ever owned it is usable to hold passwords (just) but i see it as useless without an easy way to update passwords etc.... unfortunately we risk our money for future businesses and in this case we have been right royally screwed over. just a question?!? they said... "For those that do have units, we have recently released our latest device software update" if that is the case can someone say if they received the unit and how they performed!??! I have to say Marie, Ben dumped this whole thing pretty easily. Not too much conscience in him. I have no doubt he shut it down only after he made sure he got his last paycheck and severance. As far as a lawsuit or any legal action, it will depend on Director liability. The company itself is more than likely a shell so they can easily abandon it. I'm sure there are no assets left now. "Perhaps the most important change the founders announced that day was that project creators will be required to reference specific "risks and challenges" in their project proposals." Hahahaha! Another project with no communication & undelivered promises... And here you have it... <url>"Do you know what the percentage of completion is for Kickstarters in general for technology-based startups?" Chen asked. "Probably 85 percent of all startups fail." Read: Doesn't seem to give a damn. Excuse it away since it's not his money. 2nd quote: Chen insisted that myIDkey is yet to rise up again. "We're very close to making some big announcements," Chen told me. The "legal nature" of his position prevented him from specifying further, he said, and he would only confirm that it would be less than a year before things may get off the ground again. Read: Geeze, only a F'ing year. It it's possible to sue and sue on the basis of Kickstarter Terms of Agreement. Read this <url>"The "Designs" are complete, patents filed, component suppliers selected, the manufacturing process is defined, the CM chosen so all we need is your support in this project as we size the first myIDkey production run and ship product in September 2013. Please make a pledge and receive your myIDkey!" This is directly from the Kickstarter page. The statement is obviously erroneous based on what happened so does that constitute fraud? @Ryan Torstvet :Please share with us what you did, if and when you got a refund.I have tried now for month with no results.No response. Nada.Zero reaction except an automated email with the last update. How are you planning on getting a refund Ryan? Your cc company? This is total BS now. I'am asking for a refund. The fact that many people that do have units aren't working right , I have no idea when I will receive mine and have very little faith in the software being supported for very long if I ever receive my unit . I'am done and pulling out. I've supported you all along, more fool I, but I've run out of patience. Give us information. @Jackie, who asked you to be the voice of the people. Most people here wants you to shut up or go away. Everyone should do like I did just put @jackie on /ignore and not read anything he has to say. If you do read it, then you should not be upset by the fact that he is still yapping about this project he has withdrawn support from. It's your own fault for not self censoring what you don't want to see....Just like those people out there that get upset when they watch certain TV programs...just change the channel...... @Diver Dennis - The better question would be "Why isn't Arkami still interested in this project?" I'm interested because I find these dishonest companies really despicable. Cheating people with their money. Yes I got a refund early on but I can still voice my anger to them for cheating others. Their updates are lies after lies. Would you want other people to keep on falling for them? If you don't voice your concerns then more people will fall for these companies. Just remember...I'm not the one that profited with the millions. @Diver Dennis Empathy, pure empathy ;-) Why are you still interested in this project Jackie? I thought you got a refund. woops... that was @Jackie @Dave - Agreed. No chance I'd trust (read: rely on) the app or the actual myidkey (sold my 4 on ebay anyway) with any user infos, unreliable / unstable at best. Not so much worried about them stealing any info (no one left there to steal anything, haha)... more concerned with the code being 'junk' and no faith in anything they produced being secure. @Chris - Give me $2.5 million and I'll shut up. I'll do what Arkami does...promise to shut up but never follow through. @Alan - This is not trolling. I'm just stating the FACTS. If you still believe in the company being HONEST then by all means go ahead and keep on using the app. You do know "high chance" and "low chance" are not the same as "no chance". So gamble with the app if you like. Well everybody want to be in a class action, but nobody want to start one! And Arkami count on this for sure! Oh well, my last Kickstart campaign. 5 worked, 1 didn't. I'm in if anyone wants to file a class action against a defunct, non-existant company. +1 Chris: agreed -1 Jackie Cheng: "There's probably a high chance" .. does that mean there's also "probably a low chance"? #moron #troll @Chris, I agree. @ Jackie Cheng- Ahh... what would we do without you ey?! You really have put your all into becoming a part of this project. You are playing a vital role in providing the PAYING backers with yet more rubbish to deal with.. what would we do without your pointless, tiring, never ending and unappreciated trolling?! Do us all a favour and SHUT UP! Scare mongering helps noone! I suggest that everyone that installed the app to change all your passwords. There's probably a high chance that the app is just a spyware to steal all your login/passwords. I won't put it past them for them to steal from your bank accounts. Heck...I bet that's the whole point of this kickstarter for them. Easy and totally legal for them to steal money. So make sure you check your bank statements and report any fraud. Is there any chance to receive the refund? Kickstarter should do sth about this! It seems that we have been lied from the very beginning. Project creators keep 100% ownership of their work, and Kickstarter cannot be used to offer equity, financial returns, or to solicit loans. This is your rule and myidkey has treated the project as loan. You are hereby violating your own rules. The sad thing is that Kickstarter.com is a totally free loan for small business with gimmick I read an ad about free smAll business loans but what was free was the service in find the sna loan. @joe picchietti I completely agree that something should be done! Refund Please! I received one about a month ago and one of the buttons failed 30 minutes out of the box, rendering it useless... What they are doing right now looks like a scam to me. I'm down for a class action @ Hakimuddin Tinwala: please be so kind to tell us what kind of a product you have received??? You must be the only one out of the 3,927 backers. Ben has asked for Kickstarter's patients as they have no funds to continue production! I was expecting something beyond and new generation of storage but after receiving the product,,,Made me really disappointed and even can't authenticate my finger,,,I have done all possibility,,,Now device is lock and can't get through,,,,I guess company use very cheap quality of optical lens for finger scan,,,Personally i felt that i made mistake to pledge MyIDkey project and waited so long for bad quality product. @joe picchietti I completely agree that something should be done! Refund Please! i jumped into this campaign again, after i did not receive any shipment after 1 year now. At least i can now read what's happening over there. I can only verify they got half a million over kickstarter and i can't verify if the 3.5mio is a scam or not. All i can think of their last update is that all money is gone. Nobody will ever get a refund or a product. Well it's not easy to start a company and this could have happened to everybody of us. We can blame the CEO over and over again for mismanagement or lack of knowledge in finance or whatever, it won't help us. I think i will have no other chance than to let this lost go as a lesson that any Kickstarter i back, may end like this and nothing is for sure here. As long as the percentage of successful projects vs. failed ones stays high enough, Kickstarter is still a great place to discover great products that nobody has and that everybody wants. The important thing is always: Don't place all your eggs in one basket. Spread your money over several projects. no shipping here since 1 YEAR now!!! This was my first kickstarter and is ending in a disaster. Luckily all new kickstarter projects only charge you at delivery date. I think i won't see any refund or product ever here :-( 100% functionnal with a KS project is a rare beast. 70% would probably do for most of us, particularly the ones that did not received theirs. Joe, you are correct but our friend Ben has said he is still working to get the company back up and running. Although laughable, that promise prevents anyone from moving forward with any type of action. For now, we have to wait until a reasonable amount of time, a grey area, passes. He is playing a game for the moment. They are required to send us units or a refund, so who's up for a class action, if this is not resolved? <url>"Live long and prosper". But then Star Trek is fake as well... Thanks Karen. The last boo hoo update was just another indication that Benny and the Jets have no clue how to run a business. Ben's resume is rife with insolvent companies. I still have myIDkey. Still works. I prefer using it as a stand alone device. Not synced to any devices or linked to any computer. But I can't be sure if it would last in the long run. I haven't updated the firmware since I have no issues with it now. But also, i've only placed one account on it. This user's account has been deleted. It sounds like some have actually received a unit. I paid over a year ago and have received nothing. My worse Kickstarter ever. And now they don't provide support anymore! Sent a question to them regarding the last firmware update and they answered with the last update. Very helpfull! @dim3m because unfortunately it has become clear that Arkami absolutely cannot be trusted with anything; they've taken thousands of peoples' money and delivered nothing but lies, excuses and empty promises in return. @Hardy, Why would I need to change the passwords? I am also VERY disappointed in a project that purported to be ready to go into production, yet apparently was not even to a barely working model. Then to be told they were in production, only to have these units reported to have major ma!functions, which severely limit usability. All of the CES awards & reviews are worth nothing if the product is in usable. I feel we as backers have been lied to from the beginning. I guess my investment has been flushed down the toilet. If you were one of the few to get a device, I would immediately change any passwords you may have entered on the device. So will we be getting the ones that they have created, or are they just keeping our money, and NOTHING?? @Joe: I know exactly what you mean. watch?v=rY0WxgSXdEE @helder Sorry bud but it is over. There will be no savior coming. I suggest people change all their passwords that they have entered in the app side. Since they are so money hungry, I bet they will use those banking passwords to grab some much needed funds for themselves. Good luck Arkami. Watching the first video makes me feel scammed. They received almost 4 million for a product that was at the time "fully functional" and already had many prototypes and the circuit board finished. "Just needed production they said, vetted by the right people". Then the design changed because the board which was already working, to something I didn't sign up for....fine I still stuck to it. And this is my reward?its been over a year. In a year with 4 million dollars I could have built this from scratch with a team of 3. Just give the refunds already and we will call this a lesson learned, no hard feelings! I wonder if the negative feedbacks from here on the comment section and other social media sites has stained Arkami of failure. Which may have scared off potential investors. Sad to hear the latest update. But I hope they can pull through. No contact since early March despite several emails and the promise of a refund... Crooks, nothing more. i guess what blogs me is you guys have raised additional 3.5million which means around 4 million in total, one year passed and yes we still have nothing in our hands... where the money and resources went? i know research and development enough to know that sometimes things do not come in our away and we have to expect set backs, sometimes even we do not see them coming but guys i think this surpasses it all... have been said that i still believe you can pull through, if you are really saying the truth and are honest 3 more months will not matter in the end, this is about a device with such potential and the demand is so huge i am sure some investor will come through or you will find another way... for me and everybody's sake i hope you are been honest and stand firm in adversity, and although there is no excuse for it in end....still i have been involved in other similar kickstarter projects which after year i was still waiting to get my rewards... but eventually got them....yeah i was con also a couple of times, sometimes that happens too, i guess is life in kickstarter @Arik It was a sort of tongue-in-cheek comment. @Computery guy's comment felt mildly like a twist of the knife even though I doubt it was meant to be such -- so I did a mild poke back at Arkami. Sort of a first world problem: In this project given the choice of nothing and *something* [even if it may be a POS], I'd chose the latter [exclusions apply: I would rather not have diseases, pain or my ex -- just to name a few]. Security projects seem to rarely succeed on KS [based upon my limited observations]. So yup, I use Keepass, Lastpass, etc. This user's account has been deleted. @Trogdor -Please read the comment bellow. Do you relay expect to get something? And if you get it will it work? remember that you will be dependent on their web platform. How long do you think that will last?If it will be working at all. This project is a graveyard for our money .As it is not a shop but a funding dependent platform -to be honest this is a risk we all have taken.That been said the circumstances here are annoying and repelling , as we have been misled, misinformed thought the whole project. Well I am happy I lost my money here and did not use it to by medicine or pay doctors bill.. Just paid 12$ for Lastpass Pro that in fact is working perfectly and serves me great. @PA Computer Guy. I'm guessing I won't be able to install as mine freezes as soon as I scan my fingerprint. Will have to see what happens. Really this is the worst kickstarter I have ever backed. Still haven't received my unit and we haven't heard word in forever. @PA Computer Guy I haven't installed it yet as I don't have a product yet... :P Just noticed there is a new software update for myIDkey... Version: 0_9_5_22 Release date: 06 12 2014... Anyone install it yet? Update + Change log: <url>ée... We are in a terrible financial situation (I was working back when MyIDKey was active on KS, and we were doing okay, but...) now everything is gone, no job, no money, and trying to start a new business in the food industry. I respond to messages and comments within minutes or hours, and I've been catering to my backers all the way, introducing customizable rewards and international shipping. Check out my project, "Not Just Plain Foodstuffs," for an idea of what it is REALLY supposed to be like to be a part of a Kickstarter project community! I'm currently building a nice new website that will be a platform for people to share recipes as sort of a community blog, as well. <url>"copter" yet, the consensus is that the project is crap. The developers of the flex copter simply produced a junk device and shipped it to backer so they could say they fulfilled their obligation. Never mind the fact that it breaks almost every time you fly it and the developers are non responsive. I'm writing this long winded comment because I would rather see a broke project "hibernate" and wait for more funds to do it right than to ship us backers a paperweight and say they fulfilled their obligation. Jackie... Just let go..... Life will go on... Get over it..... Well, I'm happy because after all these guys don't have my passwords in one of their servers...:-/ @Donald Kudler - I really wish I was Benjamin. Then I'll be driving a brand new Ferrari to my new beach house while laughing at Marie-Andree Poisson for giving me all that money and still believe in me. Seems like Kickstarter is a great way to make fast money with no repercussion. @Trogdor - The project is still active. Arkami is still asking for more investment money. You know...you guys are right. I'm going about this the wrong way. Arkami is awesome! I believe they will come out with a complete product. Why are you guys not giving them more money? I would. I fully support them. I wonder if they're going to add in Bluetooth 4.0? I think the next version they come out with should have a HD display on it with a retinal scanner instead of fingerprint. What do you think? That's too bad HMC. I wonder how the others who have received their units are fairing? It seems as though this product had huge issues right from the beginning and Ben was looking for investors by hyping it into a bit of a frenzy. Lot's of publicity, no real product. Too bad, I was looking forward to getting one. Frankly, this is a dead horse and no one is going to see a dime in refund money. I pity the investors that put in the big cash. Well I received mine June 2, it worked until June 5. Have sent them an email & reply was the same NO SUPPORT due to yadad....yadad....yada.. In case anyone cares I was never able to log-in to the web-site & the unit has gone dead it does not hold a charge so its dead in the water. @Trogdor +1 Just in case anyone was thinking of getting a refund:They do not respond to these requests.Been trying to get a refund for over a month now. No answer except an automated email telling us how poor they are, :( Oh...wait....NOW I have it Jackie Cheng is really BenJackieman Chen here to make fun of everyone! Wait....I **KNOW** what's going on here...Marie's **ACTUAL** name is Marie-ARKAMI Poisson. she's just throwing us a (Poisson) CURVE ball based on Arkami's distribution......O.K....the *joke* didn't come out so well.... Thinking best just to put Jackie on /ignore/ and move on /s Donald Kudler Yep, related to Arkami! But to make sure I would be undercover I joined KS 4 years ago, and backed 160 projects before and after backing myIDKey! That make real sense @Jackie! @Jackie Cheng You wrote: @Richard Albright - Hope you got a refund like myself. Had the refund been processed via KS, you would have had the project removed from your backer list and be unable to comment I have to side with @Marie-Andree here -- I see her on other projects and I doubt very much that she is related to Arkami. You apparently are here just to troll and stir the pot -- come now, don't you have better things to do than put salt into peoples wounds? What is your purpose for commenting here now that the project is closed? @Marie-Andree - You're pretty supportive towards a company that lies and scams customers. Makes me wonder if you're related to Arkami. Maybe you should give them more money since you still believe in them. I'm sure giving them a few million will help them finish their awesome product. @Brandon Robinson: I hear you! I have backed almost 150 projects and this is, so far, the ONLY bad experience I've had! Just got the word... The MyIDkey is so secure, you can't see it... It's invisible. I'm still waiting and have hope. Kickstarter has had it's problem projects, but by and large I try to stick it out with products that I believe in. This will be great, even if it's delivered close to spec. While I liked the idea of different sleeves, I can live without them if I get a great product. And where did you heard that Jackie? For a guy that is out of the project, you seems pretty obsess by it; being here often, looking for rumors about Arkami, ... Do like many backers do when they get a refund. Walk the other way and don't turn your back again! I heard rumors that Washington State Attorney General Bob Ferguson is looking into this situation as well. I don't get you people that say they won't back any other projects. That's like saying you got sick at McDonald's so you'll never eat out anywhere again. I've backed close to 20 projects and this has been the only bad experience I've had. Would be nice to hear something, good or bad. *crickets* Why so quiet Arkami? @Diver Dennis: I have not been able to contact anyone, and this saddens me. I would really like to help them get a handle on this issue... I missed that Vincent. Not sure what I was looking at. I apologize. Someone had posted here about getting in touch with myIDkey and arranging for a replacement? Seems fishy to me. @Diver Dennis: You mean this Twitter account? <url>"update". Just sent in my RMA request as well. Will see how it goes. Was surprised they reference comments posted here. I heard back about my dead myIDkey from support who got some more troubleshooting details from me and asked me to send the order details in to organise a return. I sent an email to their RMA address (on the company website) asking for a refund since I have yet to receive product (like so many of us on this project) and I got a quick auto-response quoting the last update. Methinks the company is dead and our money is gone... I noticed their Twitter account is gone. Mike, you would need to invest perhaps a million or so. Some updates wouldn't go amiss? I know the updates probably wouldn't be good news but a least backers would have a better idea of what's going on! But then again updates never were their strong point. @Mike Good question! I'm not here to rant and rave, or to place the blame on anyone. I just have one question: "What do I need to do to help you get my product to me?" @Diver Dennis - Just click on his facebook link on the right.... Arkami, please do the only reasonable thing at this point and open source all your design and software to a community project. Releasing all of the source code and schematics is the only way to not completely screw all of your customers (or atleast those who have actually received their products). Since your device relies on your servers, half the capabilities of your devices will be lost if you go under. By open sourcing your device the devices that have been shipped will still be able to perform to their full capabilities. I still hope to someday receive my myidkey. I appeal to all the myidkey backers in asking arkami to open source their device so that you may still have a usable device for the long term. I have stopped backing Kickstarter projects for now because of projects like this ... $473,333 dollars plus $1,800,000 in other backing, WORLDWIDE TAVEL spent and CRAP that doesn't work. PRICELESS How do you know you have the right Thacker? It's funny that Mark Thacker's facebook page has no mention of this product. But he did post lost of global travel photos...They need to change this kickstarter to: myTravelMoney: Investor's money at the tip of my finger.... It's not so bad computer guy. Some people were scammed out of 10s of thousands of dollars on this deal. For me? I just like to complain. � www.myidkey.com/kickstarter - Wall of Fame (or Shame?) They should change it to: "Thanks to all our Kickstarter suckers for your support." @Scott B Hunt -LOL...The idea is great . The other Kickstarter project could be plural Ks projects and credit last for say 6 months to a year. KS would not payout just the insurance company facilitated by code or links on KS site. I had an idea that Kickstarter go hunting for an insurance like company that in the case of failures that are this far along, the insurance company through the Kickstarter site issue a refund in the form of a credit to be applied only to some other Kickstarter project at a rate of between 100 - 80 % of the original amount. @arik I have no connection to the company. I just wanted to post an option based on the mood of many of the post on this site. I guess you could say that I tossed the idea against the wall to see if it stuck... Tee hee I very much doubt I will ever receive the two from my pledge. Too many of these projects are far, far behind. I have stopped backing Kickstarter projects for now. @Jackie, Well you are wrong I am one of the lucky ones to actually get a myidkey. The product is real, does it work, at the moment yes. Does it have full functionality, I will admit, no. Is the product a good idea, of course it is, otherwise you wouldnt have backed it. So, I hope they get over this hump and manage to send EVERYONE they key they backed. @Scott B Hunt LOL.... wouldn't waste another penny on this "£$%! Nice idea though! Backers, here a web site that you might find useful.... <url>"Myidkey is missing in action". A great support group for folks that were involved in this failed project....ha ha @ PA and Chris. For such an 'accomplished' businessman this whole operation is on the amateur level. He and another cohort from Viggle, millions in debt and looking for bailout cash, will probably be true to form and bail on this venture too. All of Benjamin's companies are scams. They produce no working products and are all about statistics to gain more funding from investors. Call it like it is...everyone on Kickstarter got played. PA Computer Guy. I'm an early backer of the logmeonce device. They have promised delivery to those few of us within two weeks. I'll let everyone know how it goes once I get mine. I also backed Symple. I'll see how that works....and, just for kicks, since I like to try everything (as in iPad, ANdroid, WebOS, Blackberry and Windows 8 tablets), Nymi ((<url>"Arkami is selling the higher-priced myIDkey from its website and considering raising the price further to pay for the gadgets owed to original backers." = yeah great idea, raise the price on devices that show up DOA or might as well be dead since the 'latest' firmware is total garbage anyway. I took a chance and just backed the LogMeOnce kickstarter... I figure there is no way it could be worse than the myidkey, so figured it was worth the gamble. According to this article: <url># 637. Like everyone else I cannot connect to the key using my android phone. I have tried 3 different android phones with different versions of O.S. @ Terry Niner I'm an early bird gold supporter and no key yet, though a friend of mine backed at the same level and they received their myidkey. They are having the same not able to connect issues as many of the other backers have indicated. Given his past business history, I don't think Ben will be giving refunds any time soon. The company he left last year, Viggle, is awash in red ink and trying to refinance as well. How many backers received their keys? Well. This is not the only security system I have backed. I am also backing logmeonce.com at <url>"Oh, can you add this or that..." then we all would have had this months ago and not a company who went bankrupt. If Arkami do go bust and shutdown completely ( Hopefully they can salvage this fiasco) then they really need to work on an update for the devices that have been delivered but aren't functioning currently. If they don't then the website will shutdown due to not being able to pay for the hosting. The devices wont be functioning correctly, they will rely solely on the app but even then you can't adjust the wifi settings etc from the Apps. As of today i have the same functionality as the first day i received it.. still no device to phone connection. So disappointed in this project. No product yet & everything has gone downhill. I'm hoping for a refund but won't hold my breath. Thinking about contacting my credit card company & doing a charge back... @Jackie "Don't prolong our suffering by giving up excuse after excuse like we're idiots." You'r suffering? You back out and got a refund some time ago. So please, don't inlude yourself in this! @Jackie The info is on the MyIDKey, not on the cloud! That is (was) the point of it! This company is dishonest and unreliable. It won't surprise me that they're stealing all your information that you put in the app and selling it just to make a buck. For those that're still waiting for a miracle to happen...well that will cost you another $2+ million. What I suggest for Arkami is just close up shop. Don't prolong our suffering by giving up excuse after excuse like we're idiots. No reputable financial institution will give you investment backing any more with the way you blew away $2+ mil. End our suffering and say you're sorry. they did say they had some problems with the encryption, perhaps someone mixed up the random number generator with the battery level :P This user's account has been deleted. I pretty much stop pledging on ANY KS project involve any sort of electronics. Nothing from Pressy, myIDKey is MIA now, and StormFly I got didn't work from the get-go. I think my money just got flushed down the toilet. @Jeremy - I'm glad it's not just me, thought I was going a bit nutty. Battery Charge indicator jumps around like crazy. Just did a several back to back Battery Charge checks (all within a few seconds of each other) and the numbers = 64%, 81%, 62%, 83%, 63%, 83%, 79% 74%, 71%, 74%,73%, 84%, 75% = It should just show ? marks instead, haha So just to be clear, does this mean I will not be getting my promised reward? This user's account has been deleted. Man I'd love to be dealing with the WiFi issues right now. I've only been able to get mine to turn on a few times and my computer won't even acknowledge that it's connected. Is there supposed to be some kind of light on the thing that indicates that it's charging? I even tried charging it with a different cable, thinking maybe the one they sent was defective. This is very frustrating. Over $2+ million and they're still asking for more money?!?! Look at the facts...50 updates...50 BS excuses to delay releasing the product. Now they're asking for more money and some of you guys still think that Arkami are reasonable? Then you guys are really gullible. I did get mine, but it has not been able to connect wirelessly to my phone. I know I have had the phone and MyIDKey connected to the same router at work since I was able to connect the two outside of the app (by putting in the device's IP address into my phone). However, when I tried to connect via app, it could not recognize. Hopefully, they will get this problem straightened out. In the meantime, I'll keep entering info into my app then backing up data and then uploading to device. It seems once on device, can work fine with laptop.desktop as it should when connected by USB. This seems to be an on going problem with KS projects. I am very disappointed in what appears to be misleading information from the outset. I am very curious how they received "Best Of Show" @ CES, when the majority of backers who received their units report significant problems with multiple aspects of operation. That being said, I guess that this another example of buyer/backer beware. They were misleading backers from the very start -> c/p from initial kickstarter announcement: When can I get a device? The "Designs" are complete, patents filed, component suppliers selected, the manufacturing process is defined, the CM chosen so all we need is your support in this project as we size the first myIDkey production run and ship product in September 2013. Please make a pledge and receive your myIDkey! Risks and challenges When it comes to new projects and new product builds the availability & supply of electronic components is always top of mind. So we are actively managing the acquisition of off-the-shelf components for our production run so that we can meet the delivery schedule for the myIDkey. Some tactics the team will be using are to pre-order long lead time components on the myIDkey BOM and check day-to-day availability of critical components so that they arrive at our factory in time for the 1st production run. Early ordering from you helps us greatly in this area. Nowhere any reference about changes, round objects being stronger, problems whatsoever. They just needed to buy components and produce... For those lucky commenters who didn't get their money flushed down the drain by backing this albatros, here's their latest update -- Arkami is apparently going Tango Uniform: Kickstarters, During the last several months, we hit unforeseen design, cost and production delays in our business. Although we were able to complete and begin shipping product, we do not have the financial resources to continue functioning as a company without additional investment. We have spent the last two weeks in domestic manufacturing while simultaneously trying to raise additional capital. While we are looking at these options and to maintain the viability of the company, we have made the gut-wrenching decision to hibernate many of the functions of our current business, including manufacturing, marketing and sales. This means that we’ve had to lay off some of our employees. As a result, you may already have experienced delays and disruption to some of our communication. We apologize for the inconvenience this has caused. In addition, we aware of some issues with the initial encryption sequence, fingerprint authentication, pairing and power. We want to ship you the best product possible and we are working on RMAs, fixing issues and iterating new builds of the firmware. We ask that you please be patient with us as we work on all of these things simultaneously. Our plan to is to continue on our development path while we raise additional funding to bring the company back to full operation. I will keep you posted as we have updates. I realize that this has been a very bumpy journey but I remain committed to getting the business back on track and fulfilling the commitment to our backers. Best, Benjamin Chen, CEO myIDkey This is a good lesson for all of us here at kickstarter. If you read the "Risks and challenges" part of the product description you will only find "availability & supply of electronic components". Take a look at that and then take a look at all the product updates (50 now). Next project you want to back up, ask questions about what didn't worked right in this one. Still waiting on my IDKEY. Hopefully it will come soon =/ If we all panic and ask for a refund we will know for sure that the company will bankrupt and we never get a product or our money. I've backed over 30 projects and this is the first funded one that looks like failing. It looks grim but I'm still hoping for the best because I think it would be worth it. I'm a little saddened by all the people requesting a refund. Backing a kickstarter project of any kind is risky, it's not like you are pre-ordering something. From the sound of it they're currently in low spending panic mode, which is to me an indication that they at least have an interest in seeing this through. They could have just continued on full staff and filed bankruptcy. Prioritizing quality improvements of the product instead of trying to fulfill orders seems like a sensible choice to me and I wish them the best of luck. Hopefully they can get the issues ironed out and secure additional funding. Most interesting...! From a PM standpoint the inability to deliver product paid for by infusion of funding from Kickstarter backers is quite unexpected, disappointing, and without reproach. If this were a government contractor...this would mean it would be very difficult to do any business in the business space in the future! It is interesting to be told to "hang in there" while the company looks for additional funding. What happened to the capital from the backers? CES accolades not withstanding...something is definitely wrong! It is probably too late to fish or cut bait and get a refund. If there were difficulties along the way...it would have been nice to be given full visibility! Pas - do you think anybody will de-friend him on Facebook? Jackie, I would bet my last dollar that Mark took a beating on this project. I would also bet that he lost more than the backers. RIP backers... RIP.....Mark..... LOL...Did you not see this coming?...I've said this many times and always telling you guys to get a refund (which I did get way back when I noticed that their updates are all BS every time). Did you not realize that all those updates were just a delay tactic? That $2+ mil is gone. In some off shore account somewhere. But for those people living in California that want to visit Arkami: 65 Enterprise Drive Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 P: 949-330-7220 F: 949-330-7221 Karen, I don't think it's possible to sue a bankrupt company with any hope of seeing a penny. The company is dead. Folks, this company has one foot in the grave. Don't expect to see any refunds or units for that fact..... This user's account has been deleted. Just curious if it is still possible to even get a refund at this point, and if it is how do we begin that process? Can anyone help me with this? (I have not even received myIDkey, and I do not want a to receive a product that stores my credentials that the company may not even be able to actively patch/update) Early bird gold supporter also and have not received any product Even though I'm an "Early Bird Gold Supporter" I never received mine and at this point it's almost irrelevant to me. Probably money down the drain but it's always a gamble. Well, seriously...who didnt see that coming I gave up on ever receiving this a month ago and decided to go with the 1Password app on my phone and Mac to manage my passwords. If I ever receive it, I doubt I'll ever use it so @Arkami, just keep mine and try to sell it at retail price. Oh boy. Not a good way to start up a new company. It will take many years to get credibility back as well as public trust. There is a dollar values associated with both. @kcjnz Exactly. Contacting someone to say you will be contacting them is a bit redundant. I will be seeking a full refund. I no longer care about receiving a replacement. Never got one and looks like I'll never get one.... such a fail With the latest update, it looks like this is now dead in the water. I'm done with KS. @Landon - I have had issues right out of the box and got the same e-mail. My question was, if you are contacting me now, why do I still have to wait to initiate an RMA/Replace? You just responded to me, let's get the ball rolling! Agreeing with everyone so far. Poor button quality(power button works half time), poor screen quality(two lines are dead), HORRIBLE battery life(2 hours out of mine in standby). I received an email from Joseph yesterday afternoon saying that someone would be in contact to start the RMA process and get a new unit sent out. The question is...do I even want it??? STILL waiting for a reply :@ Curious... Does anyone have 'Reward Points' from the myIDkey Referral Program? I happened to log in and look at mine today, noticed some marked as approved (23 total, 5 approved, 1 cancelled). I'd say it's a pretty safe bet that the 'referral rewards' (free myIDkeys) won't be fulfilled, but hopefully the 5 approved got their orders. You can check your Referral Program Reward Points at: myidkey.com -> My Account -> Reward Points Haven't heard from support at all in response to swiping and having the device hang every single time on "decrypting". Thanks for the paperweight. Really hope I can get a refund if they don't fix the issues. @ Scott Wood- I also have noticed that the battery depletes quickly compared to what Arkami have said.. I wont be returning this item as from the uk it's costing too much. I did had a little play with mine and now I have time for a serious look I think it's dead, won't charge or power on now. It did appear to charge really quickly yesterday but maybe a symptom of a faulty battery? *sigh* The reviews about this device that I see here in comments are not very reassuring.. For something that was in development for so long, I feel that there should be nothing but rave reviews... I have not yet received mine, and there's now way to even tell if it has shipped, yet... It would appear that Mark is in Italy, right now, as per his Facebook page (linked to the right), which may explain the lack of communication for the last several days. Looking forward to getting my device so I can see what exactly everyone is complaining about... I have been excited about receiving this, as I am an internet marketing manager/consultant and I manage many different accounts for clients... This would help me out a lot. Been waiting just over a year... lol I am considering putting together a public Google Form for everyone to submit their complaints about this device so we have a public record of all bugs/errors/defects/etc... Would you be interested? I received my IDkey this week. I was able to connect to my PC via USB and WiFi and load a couple of keycards. The fingerprint scanner works but I have not tried to use a tap sequence yet. I have also not tried using it with my phone or iPod Touch yet. The reason that the testing has gone so slowly is that the battery goes dead after about 4 hours even in sleep mode. I have charged it for hours many times and each time it is dead in a few hours. So, I get a few free moments to try something out and instead I spend the time recharging the battery. From the other posts I've seen here, I'm relatively "lucky" for having as much functionality as I do. If you haven't received yours yet, it may be a blessing. It will save you the hassle of returning it. Still waiting...BS!!!! How many kicker starters in Canada have got there product yet? Googling their phone number comes up two OTHER companies also claiming to do (or have done) business at that address and phone number. "SimpliPure" selling water purifiers, and PrimeQ Solutions. The number isn't even a land-line - it's a Verizon cell phone. Very shady. You know, it's worrisome when a company doesn't list a physical address on their website. Or a phone number. At the moment i am pretty sure i have an expensive key ring. The Myidkey will not connect at all. I have tried over 200 times, using different wireless networks, different Wifi encryptions. i tried attempting no pretected wifi but the idkey portal wifi configuration requires a password of 8 Characters. Id key has been reset once also but still shows an error saying it cannot be found. Anyone else struggling as much as i am here?! can't get a reply of any kind from Arkami now... @Thomas Hogan- that's happened to me also. hold the power button until it turns off and then turn it back on. How do i get past the device saying "decrypting" after I swipe. It just hangs there. Do I need a refund already? @Marie-Andree Poisson: I'm having the same issue.. I've tried over 100 times to connect it to my iphone on different wifi networks.. and it just will not connect.. Very poor connection issues with it. This user's account has been deleted. After I don't know how many times trying, linking my MyIDKey to my iPhone/iPad finally worked! Was able to inputed my Device ID and then my Passcode in my app. @PA Computer Guy : yep! One of the first thing I did was to download the new firmware. Exactly the same problem as @Chris. iPhone/iPad doesn't recognise my myIDKey ID/Serial #. The only response I got from Arkami was that the serial # is case sensitive. Duh! @Paul 2 years? Financing closed on March 22nd 2013 with estimated delivery in September 2013! No response to 6 messages, no reward/delivery, Still waiting (after 2 years) So...in the kickstarter FAQ it said avg standby battery life was intended to be 7 days. But if you look on their myidkey.com website, the avg standby is 8 hours. Thats extremely dramatically different from the original promised spec. That's not even a full work day. phone number has not been working for at least 5 days, I tried to call on Friday 5/17 and got nothing the 1st part of the day and fast busy/no longer in service since then. Hello, does anyone have a working phone number for these guys? I tried (949) 330-7220 which someone posted earlier, but it's just going to a fast busy (which is not a good sign)... So far the device is ok. First connection was fine. but i am having issues connecting the device to my iphone. the phone app claims it can't find the device despite both being connected to WIFI. you can't order on their web site - says out of stock. so not sure how selling units to public in order to fund units for Kickstarter is gonna work. so much for the vc funding <url>#252, Gold Supporter. So far I am very happy with this product. Well worth the wait. I will try and give a more detailed review once I have tried it for a few days. @Diver It's not going through and they are not doing anything after the fact. @Diver Dennis They even said a lot lower than this in my case. By the way I didn't said that it was for two units. Sorry, $79.99. @Marie Ben said they would declare the cost at $79.00USD.The message does not seem to be getting through. @Karen - I wonder if I can do a chargeback on the credit card. I will also file a complaint with Kickstarter. This user's account has been deleted. Can I please get a refund? @David Had to pay 37,19$ CAN in taxes and brokerage fees. For some kind of reason I did not have to pay the provincial taxes. That would have add atound 30$ CAN to the total. Arkami declared around 170$ even though they said to me they would declared much less ... I emailed them over a week ago and have had no response :( Please provide an estimate of how many you have shipped to backers. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Getting mine on Tuesday according to their website. I'm a gold supporter, living in NC. Customer service do have a long way to come compared to other projects I have seen. Ok, when I'm wrong and should have been far less opinionated I admit is and apologise. My comment below is clearly incorrect and needs correcting. I stated my opinion was they were shipping mainly to retail however today mine arrived in the UK. I stated their customer service was shocking and would be their business failing, however not only did I receive myidkey today, it also came with a personnel hand written message from Benjamin Chen . To take the time to do so goes a long way in my book. I have clearly misunderstood this company and I wish to sincerely apologise. When one is wrong, one should do the right thing, regrettably I can't delete my ill-informed comments. I wish everyone at Arkami all the best for the future. Importing passwords from something else than LastPass is not an easy task, even with the sample file Arkami provide. Not successful to date. @David call the number I left below and ask for Violet. She was very helpful. Logged into my account to check the status of my kickstarter order and it states that I have no orders placed I sincerely hope that my order is still in place otherwise I will be a bit upset about it. Further to my previous comment, and having read some other backers' comments, I'm even more amazed to find myself in this situation given the extra $1.8M the company received from angel investors (<url>"accelerate the development of myIDkey" and "meet customer demand." Apparently that was in August 2013?!? How can it possibly be so hard to get less than 4k units out the door to the people who made this all possible in the first place? I don't understand how the company could be at risk of going under by fulfilling its Kickstarter obligations with the benefit of that extra cash infusion. And by making these types of decisions, I believe Arkami is ruining Kickstarter for future projects. I for one pledged my hard-earned dollars because I believed in the project and wanted to be one of the first consumers to have this device as a reward for assisting with the funding needed to make it happen. Instead, I'm watching others get their while I wait in line--no, strike that, a group of supporters whose names will randomly be drawn for the opportunity to receive the device paid for over a year ago AFTER untold numbers of random consumers receive the technology they purchased only days before. We deserve more of an explanation, and--more importantly--a date certain by which we will receive the product. So I've not been reading all of the updates as they turned into "here's the newest excuse" messages that took far too long to read. But now that I see the finished device available for public retail purchase, I decided to come read a few updates... This is ridiculous. The project was supposed to take $150k and be done by last September. They got $473k and it's now May 2014, and I have no idea whatsoever when they'll get around to shipping me a unit, despite anyone being able to purchase one that will be shipped in 5-7 days. Maybe I missed it, but I don't have any confirmed date by which I will have a myIDkey in my possession. Moreover, in the course of checking out the official webpage for the device, I see that my name was omitted from the backers list, despite me never asking to be excluded. Not that I really care about that, but it all contributes to a general sense of being abandoned now that the product is ready. So much for loyalty to early backers... Just received mine. Start it, but will have to wait to experiment with it some more. <url># of units shipped to backers to day. Please provide estimated weekly shipment numbers based on current sales and any forecasting predictions you may wish to add into the mix. Regards @Donalrd - would you mind posting contact# so others can call if needed? awesome, so this means that the "early early bird" level I pledged at was completely disregarded... GOOD JOB Arkami!! Got mine via UPS today. did not notice that myidkey.com order status had changed to shipped. Was sent yesterday arrived in Las Vegas today. Now, I have to wait to play with it some more since I have something that needs to be written and filed in Court today....Oh well....at least I have a box. FYI I placed my order at Gold Supporter Level (but not early early bird) on Feb 26 2013. Also, FYI, I called Arkami two days ago - did not get a return. Not sure if that had any effect on shipping date. -D- Refund received. Oversight explained - due to push for final shipping. @myIDkey I was promised a refund over 6 weeks ago now, I followed all the requests for information and the different people to email the request to. I provided my Paypal details immediately upon request, as that is how you wanted to refund as I am an international backer... but still no refund. I have since had no response to my previous 3 emails to Violet@ or Accounting@ I think that this kind of level of service highlights why people are loosing faith in this product. If you actioned requests, or responded to emails - less people would be posting derogatory comments though out numerous outlets and tarnishing what could still be a good product... for those that have a large amount of patience. Please respond to my emails. @Jackie, I've seen this happened before. Unhappy backers starts posting personal info about the creators or project managers. And some backers would take it into their own hands to visit them at the offices and do them harm. It's sad that this has been trending. Considering that they actually built the device and they are still around trying to slowly ship them out. Its still better than Cryteks, and others that actually took the money and disappeared. You guys are screwed. They updated their myidkey.com owner's address to some UPS store mail box location. They used to have it listed at a shared office location. They are distancing themselves. <url>"strategy". It is not very clear, to say the least. Send them a DM on this. @PA Great to hear! Thanks for your reviews and comments. Hoping to see mine one of these days XD @Everyone - A couple days in and I have to say that I am VERY happy with the myIDkey. I've had an opportunity to really put it through its paces... imports, exports, file storage, voice search, backup / wipe / restore functionality, button functionality, have all worked great. I look forward to comments from others when they recv theirs and from those that have them already. I am very glad to see that the reviews of the device have actually become more positive. Just need to remember to update to the latest firmware right away. what was the e-mail that invited you into myidkey's site with order info? I filled out the survey but the site does not recognize me. @Everyone - I received my device last night and I have already imported 1Password keycards into it. Working great and I am looking forward to further updates! @dim3m +1 for "The build quality is solid." - I did several intentional drops and a couple by accident, it survived no problemo. @Everyone - Do yourself a favor and spend 15 minutes reading the myIDkey User Guide (<url>"blah" comment below if I could. More I play around w/ this, the more I'm loving it! @PA Computer Guy - You got 4 of them? ouch... @PA Computer Guy - That is very disappointing to hear. Are all 4 of them acting the same way? blah.. constantly "freezes"... I must have had to power off / power on over 40 times already... still haven't been able to get it updated,,, selling them on ebay is sounding pretty good myIDkey's arrived today. <url>~1 hour in and still trying to get it to 'update'. Having some weirdness w/ USB connectivity between myIDkey and Windows 7 box (pro, 64). I think it's just me though, still getting used to 'properly swiping' finger. Had problems with the myIDkey freezing after several failed swipes, hoping that the firmware update addresses it. I'm going to jump on a different windows machine and see what's up. It's funny that people still think they're actually getting something. Have you not notice that every post they make is just an excuse. Arkami have raised more than $2 million through other investors as well. They have well enough money to create a product. @Kathryn: People keep missing the point. They should have a fully functioning product at this point as they have been shipping it to kickstarter backers and retail customers. The only reason they are not shipping to us first is that they missed the calculation of costs by a HUGE factor and, despite having received money in addition to the kickstarter money, do not have the funds to have product produced and shipped. I'd like to say, in the face of the many negative and hostile comments (thank goodness for the people who are still supportive!), that while of course I wish I had m IDkey already, I'm not angry about not having it. I'll wait as long as it takes to get a really awesome IDkey. As others have said, I'd rather wait and make sure that I get a fully functioning product than get something substandard a lot earlier. Also, have the naysayers noticed that the retail price of an IDkey is more than two times the price it is for people who pledged on Kickstarter? I think we're getting pretty good deal. I think a lot of the people who are complaining have completely forgotten what Kickstarter is all about: It's to help people who haven't started a business before to get a leg up and produce a product they've created but never made on a large scale. That means that they probably haven't done it before. Ever. So how could they possibly foresee every problem they will run into if they've never done it before? I think Ben and his team have been very forthright and honest; they've sent more updates than any other campaign I've supported. Patience, friends! Be nice. @John Wall - You may also want to go into your account on myidkey.com and update the shipping address. You can update address under menu on left-> Personal -> My Profile -> Manage Addressbook It's become apparent leadership here is an absolute joke. They can't even keep commitments on communication, much less anything else. I'm not trying to be irate or unreasonable, but I think that as a backer, at a very minimum, I deserve honesty and transparency, neither of which they seem committed to. Life is so much easier if you are honest. They have dug themselves a hole with their lack of clarity and repeated efforts to hide what is truly happening behind the scenes. I've given up on ever receiving these items. Sent you guys a message with my change of address...... @Robert Young : "Most other Kickstarters state that their products are merchandise samples with a value of $0.01" Not true, some of them state true value, some of them capped value, some others Gift with a low value, and others Merchandise sample with a $0.01 value. No standard here. But, in excess to the value declaration, Arkami has provided no response on my numerous questions about using USPS for International shipping instead of UPS (or paying UPS upfront for the taxes and brokerage fees instead of us paying for it). Not to worry. I knew when I backed this project that I was not actually pre-ordering an item. I was backing an idea and, if and when it came to fruition, I would be " rewarded" with whatever I had signed up for. I am with the previous commenter - wait and send my units out fully functional. @AI - You can check the status of your order under 'My Account' on myidkey.com or directly at: <url>#698. I'm one of the "Early, Early Bird Special Bakcers" as well. I just checked and my order is still showing up as "New". Oh well how do I check my order status? Could you provide any ETA for one of the "Early Early Bird Special backers" ? Dear Ben, I can totally understand your decision. You can put my order at the end of the pack if you need to please other irate customers. I'd rather be patient and wait and receive a fully functional unit. Regards For international purchases, putting a value of $79.99 on the order will mean we have to pay sales tax and/or import tax. Most other Kickstarters state that their products are merchandise samples with a value of $0.01 - thus reducing the tax implication to the recipient. Agreed. 20 Feb....haven't heard anything. @Eric & Donald - Agreed, doesn't seem that order # and pledge order coincide. I just checked my pledge date = Feb 22 2013 @Donald Well looking at my pledge date, Feb 20 2013, day of launch. So my number makes sense based on your suggestion. @PA Computer and @Ricky Thanks for the info, I agree, it appears they are just randomly picking. I don't think the backer number on the myidkey order coincides with the order that we pledged. Look at your pledge dates on kickstarter as well. @Eric - I am #87. So between the 3 posted numbers, there does not seem to be a pattern to the shipping process. Maybe @Arkami could clarify in what order they are being sent in. @Eric - Kickstarter ID#1529 - $350.00 Customer @PA Computer Guy What backer number are you? At the bottom of the page for your order on myidkey.com it gives that info. Here is mine and my status is still new. Special instructions or comments for us Kickstarter ID#70 - $80.00 Customer notes: None Wait...so...according to the new update...they blew the cost estimate and now want to sell new units and ship those before ours in order to cover the costs....how much more is this going to delay us?????? I'm at the Gold Supporter level with the onyx and pearl sleeves (which are irrelevant at this point) My order is still in new status on their website. @Ricky - I'll post a bunch of pics, etc. once the UPS guy drops it off (scheduled delivery: Wednesday, 04/30/2014). @Donald K. - I was wondering the same thing, it'll be cool if others post their pledge level + when their order status changes to shipped. Wondering if they're shipping in order of pledges made..... we'll have to wait and see..... @PA Computer Guy - Good to know that your shipped. Please let us know your thoughts once have received the myIDkey's and have used them. Things are getting pretty exciting now knowing that they have started to ship. Hope Arkami is "pulling a Pebble" on us. Bad beginning that went surprisingly good and better after the first huge hickups. No such luck. Status : "New" on Planinum Supporter level @Chet - 'Platinum 4 Pack' @PA Computer Guy - That's great news! What level of support (Gold, Platinum, etc.) are you? Just trying to see who they are shipping to first. (Of course, we need more backers to post that info here to determine that.) Also, thanks for informing everyone how to check their order status. Happy to post that my MyIDKey's have shipped! <url>#. This user's account has been deleted. @Chet- Thank you for taking the time to post an update. Im glad to see that even SOME items are being shipped. You know things aren't going well if backers are providing more helpful information/ backers are providing information at all. As you have stated- it would be better to be told about delays than not at all. Thanks again. To All - This is a copy of a Tweet from <url>‏@GordonClemons 51m Just got #myidkey today. Shipments have started. Get yours today. #password #security <url>"We apologize for the continued delays. We are hoping to accelerate manufacturing this week and will be sending out an additional batch of units next week." So by this I assume that some units have already shipped and next week additional units will be shipped. Has anyone here received any correspondence like a tracking number or email to confirm their unit has shipped ? Thanks This user's account has been deleted. @Donald Considering that it will take 2 weeks to get their funds from Amazon (that take them to mid june), why did they need the money in the first place if the product is ready for production, and shipping will take place in june? Those things take money, and that is what KS is supposed to be for. @Marie-Andree: I was shown a demo of the LogmeOnce.com software AND Hardware today. They are live. I think they will meet their deadlines. <url>"Pre-Order -- Shipping April 14" so it's anyone's guess as to what's going on. Time for an official update. If they can take the time to send people private messages with updates then why not let the rest of us know? @David Mortlok: here is what I have received as message: Due to some issues that we discovered during our final rounds of QA, our production cycle was delayed. We moved to a new contract manufacturer here in the U.S. and they instrumented a more robust testing routine that uncovered some performance inconsistencies. The issues are now largely resolved and we got a small batch of units completed and began shipping last week. The manufacturing is being done in small batches to insure that we are producing quality units. We believe that we can accelerate manufacturing and shipping this week. We will notify you as soon as your order is en route. We are very sorry for the continued delays. We appreciate your continued patience and support and apologize for the inconvenience. Kind Regards, Joseph @Arkami - I think its time for another update, as the last one was on 4/10, and it sounded like you would be moving into production and shipping that day. Please give us real dates and information. I dont want to just port it in, I want to use both together I think therer was something back in the comments or somewhere tha Lastpass specifcially could be used as a source of import into myidkey I recently started using LastPass and dont want to stop using it Anyone out there have an idea how they plan on using LastPass and IDKey together for better protection? Maybe the Lastpass master key is stored only the IDKey? Brainstorm with me here, I need ideas... I dont want to give up lastpass and already ordered myIDKey Here is a comment I left yesterday on Update 46: So I checked My Account on their website. I had to change my password since, somewhat ironically, I had forgotten the old one. When I checked the status of my order, it said "New," which I think is a change, but leaves me with no idea as to when my MyidKey is going to be shipped. Their website still says they are shipping on the 14th. I just checked their site again and nothing's changed. Does anybody have a guess as to what "new" means in reference to order status? Presumably this thing has been on order for over a year. An update should come shortly. @Donald I don't know well the project you'r talking about, but basing your decision on an estimated delivery date that is incredibly aggressive (end of campaign: june, delivery : june!) is not necessarely a good decision. Of all the projects I've backed, maybe 90% (or even more) of them were delayed. I wonder if I can pull my pledge at this time since I am also pledging at <url>" We are moving into operational mode today to begin getting units out the door." It's kinda like responding to someone "I'm starting to think about getting ready to get that done for you...." @arckal. What message is this you received? Are you in communication with them regarding shipping? I would have thought they would put an up-date out when they start shipping. As per their last message I received they have started shipping, has anyone received yet? So has shipping started ? an update would be nice. Well.... I guess we are shipping already. Unless there is another delay about to be announced. kickstarter.com is not vulnerable to the Heartbleed bug <url>#46. To all - Most comments are posted below the Updates. @David Lee - Here is the correct info straight from the Creator but from the Update #45 comments. Creator Arkami, Inc. 1 day ago If you need to update your shipping address, please send new address to <email> Hi, I ask for a refund through kickstarter message and u guys give me another email address to send it to u guys for request a refund. I sent it a while ago and still got no reply back. I seriously not like these bulky design. It really look worst than the original design. Hopefully one day the original design will be ready when u guys find better solution. Thank you and reply me back regard the refund. I was advised to ask for a refund using PayPal as I am an International backer, it's been 15 days since I requested and not received a single response. What is going on? @Chet You can see it that way, not change it. @David Lee Try to Dm them I wrote in to ask about Heartbleed. I was told that something would be posted next week. It would be nice to know now whether your site was potentially compromised and if all my passwords are at risk. @David Lee - According to someone on the other comments site, you can check your shipping info on the right panel, Under "You selected", there's a "Your Response" link I am moving soon and need to update my shipping address.. how do I do that? +1 @Oz I thought the video update was great. Cool product and the final design is far better the the original. Excited to get this. Great update today, looking forward to the product coming shortly. :( as they provide refunds by Cheque , it's almost worthless for international backers, as clearing a foreign currency Cheque will cost up to 1/3 of the value of the Cheque! @ PA Computer Guy- Yeah i am starting to think the same. I can be patient with the best of them but its starting to grate a bit now with the continuous miniscule updates always mentioning yet another draw back. as backers ( your funders) we NEED decent updates- its only fair! "Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them." ~Bruce Lee ..... Maybe it's time for myIDkey to admit this project/product is botched. Unfortunate too, I really tired to give them the benefit of the doubt. I'd request a refund but seems like a waste of time. #failstarter I want my refund. I want my refund. Something's not right here. It's been 11 days since the last update. Plus, not ONE comment by anyone? Is anyone out there? Do you have an answer? Thanks. Marie-Andree, Same here. This is the first kickstarter project I backed. Most of the others have delivered. I'm still holding out hope for this one. You are now my oldest hardware project that haven't delivered yet. Congrats! Whats been happening with android realeases of the App. I havent seen one in a couple of weeks ? As yet I still cannot backup my database to dropbox or email ? How to ask for a refund? As I think this is just a joke. Please help if someone knows how to ask for a refund? Me too. I've requested my refund. I got the reply but it seems they are trying to intentionally delay the process. I had a response stating that the check was sent out and due to receive within 3 weeks. No check ever arrived. When contacting them. They informed me to re confirm my email and mailing address. So their initial response was a lie that they sent it out. I notice some had the same issue as me. This was back in January and till now. No refund. I also request a refund like Mathew and didn't see any reply. What is going on? Is there a refund or not? I've requested a refund twice on the accounting@myidkey address and no one has responded. Please e-mail me back so I may receive my refund. Has any been able to back up there data to dropbox? I keep trying but i get this unavailable message. tried through email...files to big to send. Then the pictures i took related to the information i saved just appeared in my gallery WTH I've hung in there on this project to what feels like the bitter end but, with no hint of a Windows Phone app or evidence of one being in the works, I'm ready to drop out and request a refund. There have been multiple updates for the iOS and Android apps already so one can only imagine that if the intent were there a WP8 app could have been developed by now. If I'm wrong and there is a Windows Phone app coming (within months, not years), let me know and I won't submit the refund request. @Trogdor +1 @Mike With all due respect: You were refunded. Had they gone the Amazon route you would have been removed from the project and be unable to comment. Although you my physically still be able to comment on this project you are no longer a part of it and therefore should gracefully remove yourself. So pleased I cancelled my order when the first opened the option. I received my refund check very quickly. The project has become a nightmare and hurts the KS platform. Not to mention the product is redundant when all one really needs is a premium subscription to LastPass for $12. @Arkami Update 43 indicated [in part]: "The team and I are hard at work doing everything we can to begin shipping your myIDkeys on March 26, 2014" May I request status of shipping or new ETA? Take care! I have emailed requesting a refund. I'm very sorry that the project hasn't gone to plan - I am normally happy to wait for the best end result. However, I'm loosing confidence and that is the foundation upon which the Kickstarter community works. I'm sorry to pull out - but not receiving replies to my emails, even my latest requesting acknowledgement of my refund request is an example of why I'm out. Have you started to ship? @Arkami : Why is the portal not up and ruining already if the MyIdkeys are been shipped? @arckal- shipping hasn't happened yet, i'm willing to bet it it'll still be a while before then.. @David Mortlock- +1 Happy Birthday to this project. Has shipping started yet? Anybody received it yet? I've been trying to reach Arkami through email for a refund but they don't seem to respond at all. Is there anyone having the same problem? I really wish they'd respond my request here. iOS app not available in certain country WORKAROUND: - Open Itunes - Create a new free Apple ID, provide all the required info as needed - Shutdown iTunes - Confirm the email address of your new account - Start itunes and Log into your new account - You'll be asked to review your accunt setting, ie: country, address, payment method. - Before accepting the "Terms and Conditions" you can select the country of your choosing, then proceed to the next page. - fill in a city and Zip code (you can find all of them on the web) - for payment method, choose "NONE" - Validate - In your device, launch the App store, scroll down to the bottom of the store page, you'll see a button to Log off your standard Apple ID, select it to logoff. - the same button is now allowing to log back in, this time however, use your newly created Apple ID. - Now, search for MyIDKey, you are now able to download and run it :) This of course also works for any other apps, as long as they are free if you need. Enjoy. I guess I should wish you boys a Happy Birthday. 1 year now since funded. Gentlemen, From a program management perspective...it would seem that myIDkey would have an idea of a "firmer" production schedule. I, and others, have been patiently awaiting the backed product; however, the updated slips in production seem to be the rule vice the exception. Can you provide an anticipated schedule ASAP? Any future updates should clearly identify any problem, slippage, anticipated solution, and revised date. This would let backers know someone is in charge and managing schedule and performance (as the third leg, cost is clearly your business. V/R Hardly any issues that I've brought up have been resolved from loss of data, blank screens, text going off screen, backup not working right... for a security product it is lacking and buggy as all end. I've sent a couple of messages seeking a refund as previously mentioned in a prior update but they are obviously ignoring their customers. I downloaded the very first IDkey app from the App Store but did nothing with it. Now there is an upodate and I have automatic update set so I went to check it out and found "Passphrase". I do not ever remember setting a Passphrase so now I'm locked out. There is nothing on the screen that allows help for missing or forgotten Passphrases. Suggestions? 4 more days and its been a whole year since funding- Shipping update please!!! So shipping was supposed to begin March 10. Was is it now? Hello guys. This wait has become unacceptable. I would like to get a refund. Have left two notes previously without a response. Please let me know if any details needed from my end for my refund. 5-15-14 I just, now, lost all my data after I downloaded the latest update for the myIDkey app. After logging in, all I see is a blank page with no data and no error messages. So, what happened? I have no backup, except my iCloud backup when I charge and sync I'm iPhone 5. Since the screen is blank, I am unable to obtain my passwords and other information. I can't, even, re-enter the data that was lost. Please tell me what I can do to access my password information, and, please, fix this app. Thomas E Newman I need to update my address please. Messages have gotten zero replies Maybe I will get my Nymi before this one! Manual Back up to dropbox also not working to. Android note 3. Plus I would like room to put addition information in a key card. Is that what's tags are for? I created I few tags but I misspelled some and can't delete the ones I made. No option to delete tags? I also tried sending the backup through email....it just sent a blank email. Any update about production/shipping? @ Vincent- I reported this a couple of weeks ago, hopefully they have now resolved it for the next update. Am I the only one who cannot change what kind of key card I'm inputting in the iOS version? The top of the key card page is under my status bar and is only viable to select type of key card if I pull the page down... But it doesn't stay down, so I cannot change it from "Website" which I guess is default? App is still unusable for me. iPhone 5S, iOS 7.0.6 This user's account has been deleted. @Chris +1 In the next update could you make it a big one which is more in depth detailing everything, App updates, Product progress updates, Shipping updates?! Almost a year ago it was successfully funded.. i know its had its problems and have accepted this but we have to be close to shipping now.. right?! Cheers. @david I have the same issue with the last 3 releases of myidkey for android and have reported this each time to Arkami without any success. This new version if I attempt to export the myidkey app crashes. If I try backup it says it cannot create the file. I wish they would resolve this as I am trying to transfer my database to a new phone. This user's account has been deleted. All my data disappeared when I updated my IOS. Very frustrating to say the least. Having to wait this long and still be dealing with major hurdles like this, erodes all confidence in the Kickstarter model let alone Arkami. My passwords disappeared when I upgraded to iphone 1.2. All the keycards are still present but they don't includMy passwords disappeared when I upgraded to iphone 1.2. All the keycards are still present but they don't include the password or any other info pertaining to the keycard (like username or password). I am using an iphone 5 using ios 7.0.6. Is anyone else having this issuee the password or any other info pertaining to the keycard (like username or password). I am using an iphone 5 using ios 7.0.6. Is anyone else having this issue I would also like my refund. The change of design is one thing but this delay and no exact deliver date is the worst. How do I do to get a refund? I pledge the duo for $178. Thank Still problems exporting from the Android App. It opens email to send but cannot find the file to attach. I did receive my refund today, Thank You Hi Mark, I would like to have a refund. I have been waiting for this so long and still no date. Can you please process my refund. Thanks Android version: The storage of any file should be possible, no only selection of photos . selected password-options are ignored. there is no Option to use credentials in apps or on websites. at least the use of clipboard should be possible - please look at keepassdroid as an example. The latest Android version still will not switch to landscape when in edit mode of a keycard. You offered a refund to who wanted back in Dec 2013, I was one who took you up on it, took three requests before a response from you asking me if I'm submitting correctly , I assured you that I have submitted correctly to accounting address each and every time. So another three weeks have past since I was told "will check with accounting dept about your refund" and an apology about how my request keeps getting overlooked, but no refund yet and no further response. Why would anyone want to back a product from a startup who can't even be honest from the start. And the excuse of I'm to busy or we are swamped at the moment or sorry for our communication error doesn't work , if it wasn't for backers like myself you wouldn't have almost a half a million dollars to play with, now stop and refund my money , this is my last request!!! Christopher Sabato On the Same note as Kevin Hamilton,I would like the app in my Android phone to fill in the user name and password, or any other relevant fields for that matter, just as we do today with LastPass premium that has that feature. I know things are progressing and looking forward to the end result. Just wanted to throw my 2 cents in the ring. Presently I'm using RoboForm to track my passwords. Hoping when the hardware becomes available, I'll make the migration over to myIDkey. All that to say is recently you've done quite a few updates about the android and ios apps. These apps for me, I don't see a lot of uses except checking you info "on the go". For me I'd rather see updates for a browser applet or desktop software. Keep up the continued effort. Thank you How long before we will have a Website to enter our passwords? @Ray Ray - mildly interested in this but only insofar as it would not impact whatever deliverable timeline that *may* already exist. I don't see this being used as my day-to-day USB transfer device as it is too slow [USB 2.0] if I remember correctly. It's current size should more than suffice for passwords and such. @Ray Ray Good question indeed! I'm kind of curious as to how much it would cost to increase the capacity of the memory. 16GB usb drives can be purchased for as little as $10 from Kingston. 64GB would be nice... Future update, of course. I'm excited about receiving mine, but I'm also a little frustrated. I would prefer they stop giving anticipated ship dates until the item is actually in production. Also at this point, I wonder if they've spent so much time with hardware issues that some copycat producer will come along with a better product. I don't mean to be a "whiner," I'm glad they set goals for ship dates and such, but I can't count how many anticipated shipping updates I've seen that have come and gone without any confidence in the device being delivered. Thanks for the update. @Dan: <url>"secret"as it does not show up in the Play Store via the AT&T network. No permutation of myIDkey generates anything. The iOs app is no problem, but I don't do iPhone so I seem to be out of running. Too bad…. I have not visited the site in a long while and really was shocked by all the whiners. In all the time since I backed the project I can say that I have not been upset at the issues or with the delays. We are not backing finished off the shelf products so why in the world would you expect it right after the close of the backing? Ideas and concepts are great but the real world manufacturing does not always fit into the initial concept. KKCO @Ben Cooper - in your discussion with Benjamin do you get a feeling they will address your concerns about the security of the android app? How about the hardware itself? I would like to see a thorough third party review of the security features of the hardware device as soon as possible too. And just to say.. myIDkey was a great concept when it came up on kickstarter and I'm still really excited about seeing it for real. @Nick - Thanks for backing one of my projects. I promise to give you delays and awesome updates. This would be my last post since I have to do some product renderings for my own Kickstarter. It's just good business. @Jackie - I've backed well over 200 Projects & Angel Invested in over 50 - when you've only backer twelve don't preach to me on matters than I have far more experience of as you. As Marie-Andree says the difference between us all........we are genuine Backers - you are no longer part of this Project anymore, you have no right to comment here, your views are of no interest, your scaremongering is no longer needed here. The majority of Backers are now happy & believe in this Project & it's Creators - you've no right of speech here. Why not go & 'troll' on one of your other 11 Projects Comments Boards?! Good luck & good riddance! Hey all, Spoke with Benjamin Chen this morning around feedback on the Android app and app security. We spoke for a few minutes and he was able to address some concerns. We have a communication path in place for future feedback as I will continue to do what I can and give the MyIDKey Android App a good shake out with each update. From our brief conversation it was clear that they do really care about the MyIDKey and delivering a fully polished unit. Yes it is running behind schedule but there is only so much a small team can do, especially when there are issues. It certainly does not feel like they are trying to scam anyone. @Jackie The only difference between Nick and you is that he's still a backer ... and you are not anymore! And by the way, have you already read KS guidelines? If so, you certainly know about the "Everything on Kickstarter must be a project" guideline : "A project is something with a clear end, like making an album, a film, or a new game. A project will eventually be completed, and something will be produced as a result." The obligation to produce (deliver) something is there. Resort against creators who don't deliver is not always clear though, I admit. Running with money is not as commun as you seems to imply. It do happens (got one on 117 projects I backed,) but what mostly happens is projects with important delays and / or lack of transparent communications. @Nick - You do know they are not obligated to give you a product either. I've backed projects that failed and have them run away with the money. So you have your opinions of this company and I have mine. Remember, many scammers are on Kickstarter too. They create vaporware for people to invest and then run with the money. Heck, I'm even thinking about starting to do that since there's people like yourself that are so trusting. It's just good business. I still am excited about receiving myIDkey, even after it's change in looks. You can only praise these Guys at Arkami in the upgrades that they have incorporated within the journey of going from the drawing board to fulfillment. Giving us extra benefits at no extra costs! I also feel sorry for them for having to read the 'toxic' comments being left here on a daily basis. They are under NO obligation to issue refunds & I think the Backers that have received them should be blocked from posting comments on a Project that they have no longer any involvement in. - You know who you are*! - Spreading lies just to create a negative reaction & a sense of disillusionment to the current state of the Project - if you've got your refund go & find somewhere else to Troll! You're certainly not wanted here. What we should be doing is looking forward to the imminent arrival & fulfillment of myIDkey. Why not give these Guys a break & let them get on with doing, what I think, a wonderful job of bringing this Project to life. Honestly, who cares whether the clip is on a zipper or not?! The percentage is so small, their voices should be muted! It was only an extra in place of something that was mentioned - it doesn't effect the way it works at all!? As Backer & Angel Investor in over 350 different Projects, across various platforms, you learn that perfection takes time & waiting for it can be filled with excitement or lackluster moans and groans - I know which one I prefer! - C'mon, it's getting close to the end now! The haters can go elsewhere with their refunds & the rest of us will stand side by side with you, eagerly awaiting myIDkey's arrival. Good luck with the next stage along the journey, you've got me with you 100% of the way! Best Regards, Nick (*Jackie Cheng!) @Richard Albright - Hope you got a refund like myself. After all the hype, I'm disappointed. FYI - So here is a bit of a behind the scenes rundown on the MyIDKey app for Android. MyIdKey has a database that contains keycard names, tags, file names & locations in plain text. So without needing a password you can get a good idea of what the person has saved in the app. Files (photos) you add are stored in normal folders including any folders you have added yourself. These are all using original file/folder names however the files are encrypted. The password hash is stored within the database using a single round of MD5, an old hash without any salting. Using rainbow tables this could make short work of getting your password. The storing of the password I would consider as a critical issue. By the way since people are getting refunds. I for one am willing to invest more in your project. Let me know if I can. Just wanted to express some thoughts. First off I really appreciate the regular feedback on this project. Keeping me updated has really done a lot for my patience with this project. As for all the delays and reworks, I guess I could complain; but then again any excellent thing is difficult to obtain. I for one really appreciate the fact that you didn't try to force this thing to the original time line. I think that many developers might have pushed out a poor quality product that was full of bugs just to keep the backers quiet. As for me your diligence and over the top commitment to quality says a lot about the integrity of your company. I hope in the future you will continue to utilize Kick Start to launch you ideas. I for one will keep track of your company and will support any future in devours. By the way is your company public? If not you should consider it! I'm out. Good luck Arkami @Cody - I was one of the many that requested a refund and actually got a refund 3 weeks after my first and repeated requests. They will not reply at all to you. I suggest you email them a few times and just wait it up. Remember...do you really think they will take their time to reply to your emails? All their time is spent on finding new and interesting excuses to convince people like Gary E Franklin that they have some sort of hope of getting this product. PLEASE PLEASE REFUND ME. INITIAL DESIGN IS WAY DIFFERENT AND THE WAIT IS TOO LONG FOR ME. I HAVE MESSAGE YOU AND ASKED ON THE COMMENT SECTION A FEW TIMES ALREADY, I do not know why so many people are complaining and **** about timetables. We all bought a product from the initial IDEA POINT and are following through to the final product and using stage. Tons of people had some great idea of what to add to the IDKey product. The fob now is so much beyond what the initial concept was and still compline its taking to long. Then why did you buy it in the first place? I like that they are trying to keep 4000 people happy. When I get the IDkey, I am sure I will love it. Tomorrow or in June. It will get to you when its done and works, not a sloppy product they rushed to placate a few geeks who can't wait for there new geek toy. MyTwoCents Just installed the android app, it is available from the play store now. The design solution to the power button is a good one. I'd rather you fix it now rather than release the product and then tell the users they are 'holding it wrong' like some fruit company we know. @Enrique - There's no videos of this product at CES that shows an actual reporter/blogger using the device. Benjamin only holds on to the device. And everything they show about it is all software based. Update #31 is another excuse. These design issues should be known way in advance and not 3 weeks from "ship date". Next thing you know they going to say the black color doesn't look good and they will change it to white. I think that's a good excuse. They should use it for next week's update. People will believe it. I mean they believed it for 31 times already. mmmm Feb 14 shipping ? and there are still design issues ? and production has not stated with just over 3 weeks to go ? mmmmm OK ! , (skeptic here ) but I am hoping :) May be I have just missed it or something but how do I use the iOS app on iPhone5s. I mean I have downloaded and added few accounts to test, now what? how do I use those stored account to fill in safari urls? Or do I have to wait for myIDKey device? Can I also use those accounts list to fill in browser (IE11/Firefox) on my desktop? How ? @Jackie, i think they did on update 30, is just matter of waiting, but just be patient. Like all products, good stuff takes time. I think there is an actual product and that's pretty much what they showed on the CES show i believe. I don't mind the wait, i am a patient guy and i do believe the guys are updating as they should have in the beginning. Time will tell. @Enrique - They haven't even solved their manufacturing problems. There's no way it's coming on Feb 19. Increase in price means nothing when there's no actual product. Right now you're just paying for weekly excuses. @Nandu - You will never hear a reply from them. Took them 3 weeks to even get the refund check to me. @Daniel - "expensive paper weights" means you'll actually get a product. Probably just be ending up getting "expensive weekly excuses". Requested refund 12/30/13 and haven't heard back. Can you check please? Well i think for what i paid off, and now the increase of price of 249, i think i got a nice deal. I don't mind waiting, (i have waited years for games to come out even when they are announced *cough* world of warcraft *cough*) , and i would say when preordering counts as investing your money. So... Arkami, just deliver a really cool product. I don't mind waiting. I guess the fact that the purchase page says or states that is coming february 19 is a good thing, at least is coming, even if it is delayed another month. I'd like a refund please. @Minh Vu No sorry mate. Real name is Steve.... sorry to disappoint. @Silentas is your real name Ben by any chance? You mole you! A hardware project on Kickstarter delivering late? Shocking. But the fact is you guys are four months behind and counting. Just tell me this... Is your product going to be delivered before this technology is no longer relevant? Or have we all ordered expensive paper weights? Is the product shipping before Feb 14? Looks like anyone buying direct is getting promised that. <url>"backers" are requesting refunds, am I able to purchase another myIDkey device at the backer price? Well my refund check cleared. I wish you guys luck with all the unending delays and excuses. My advise...get out while you can and just buy it when and IF it becomes a reality. Can I request refund please Sleeve prototype V2 is SO much better than the first. I'm confident all of the supporters who stuck it out will more than pleased with the final result. Is there any manual available how to import a CSV file to the current MyIDKey app? Under adding a 'profile' in the app, first name is spelled 'firts' needs correcting. Cheers. Hi, I am just checking to see if my refund was in fact processed. I sent an email 12/17/13 as directed by the email status you had sent out and I have yet to hear any feedback on it. Thank you. Will there be any change in the myidkey case? I don't like that nylon case holder for myidkey at all. Look too ugly and bulky. Compare to the old myidkey sleeve and the new holder is like compare heaven and hell. Please think to redesign it please Delivery on February why not, but if we don't have any android app at this time, I will just look at this objet and leave it in the corner. Problems with Apple in France ? Then please, meanwhile, for once, make the android owners happy by having their app before the IOS one. Happy New Year to all the team. When will these ship? I have not received anything yet. Nice to see some results starting to trickle through like the IOS app. Ok there are some issues, but we have to start somewhere. Looking forward to the android version so I can try it out and provide feedback. Please tell me you did NOT just tell us to export our LastPass data to plaintext CSV format and **EMAIL** it to ourselves, in order to import it via the app?!?! For a security company, that's an INCREDIBLY insecure means of transferring that data! Hey Arkami. Can I request a refund? I don't like the neoprene case. It isn't a good replacement for what we were getting, and attractive sleeve. Also, I hope the future brings a Windows Phone App....We are becoming a bigger crowd. The delays are terrible, but the new updates are a good way to keep most backers at bay. Informing the customer is the #1 thing you can do with a project such as this. So thanks so far but I'd like this no later than the 1 year Mark of it being funded. You have about 3 months..............Tick Tock! @Jackie Cheng LOL - I won't say you're wrong :) -- However as long as I stay in this project I want to know the good, the bad and the ugly. Have a good holiday! I hope the neoprene you're planning to use isn't the rubbery smelling stuff of the past. Please! @Trogdor - Don't request updates since all updates are a disappointment. Always about delays and problems. It's Tuesday. Update as promised please. So I will be checking up on u guys at CES this year. What can I expect to see?? @ Arkami I have been very critical of this project recently mainly due to the clearly over optimistic shipping dates you were suggesting. But finally we have a realistic delivery date. Am I unhappy: No, obviously I would like myidkey ASAP, but I now feel content knowing that I'm not being deceived. Finally an update that makes sense, thank you. Good luck with the new boards :-) Great update. Honest, clear, and weekly as promised. Please keep it up and get to the finish line. Thanks for the honest update, appreciate it. The more open you guys are about the project and it's challenges the more understanding we are. Look forward to a complete product in 2014. Cheers, Merry Christmas. I've backed 6 kickstarts so far, including this one.. all but 1 i'm still waiting on.. have for months. My reason for 'bailing', is twofold. 1) lack of consistant updates. 2) the current 'idkey' isn't what i signed up for design wise. Has nothing to do with 'hating'. It has everything to do with those facts. I have backed other projects and have taken particular note at the difficulties that seems to confront a lot of products as they reach the production stage. I am frustrated for myIDkey and all of the modifications and changes that have had to occur as the project has progressed. Initially, I was a little disappointed in the new form factor, but have since become accustomed to it and indeed, quite like it. I would also like to continue my support. I have never really wavered in my confidence that we will ultimately receive a product (actually a better one than originally conceived) that will surprise and delight those of us who have stuck with it to the end. Benjamin -- Thanks for telling us the truth. Ignore the haters, and please keep your promise to update us weekly. Unlike some of the other challenges in your project, that one is completely under your control. Most of us would rather wait for the right product than receive a bad product sooner. Thanks for building MIK Len @Mr Chen.I am sorry to see backers here asking for refunds .This platform is not a shop where one gets a product from the shelf.We are not customers but backers.The fact you can not provide the product right now is because its been invented,designed,tested and manufactured. That's why I pledged as I believe in the product and your abilities to provide it.You coming out here giving weekly detailed updates is exactly what is expected. I am willing to wait another 6 months even, as I know I will get a product that is well designed and passed all fail-safe tests as it will store my sensitive passwords. .So you go ahead, continue testing and provide us all with an innovative first of a kind product.Merry Christmas all.! @Benjamin Why not just do all of the refunds via paypal? And for that matter, I sent my email, has mine been processed yet? There's going to be another delay!! They want to add a holographic screen on this to replace the OLED. So they have to take it back to the design stage again. Most importantly, what do we get in place of the sleeves??? :P I've completely lost interest/faith in myIDkey & the way things are going, I can't see things improving. Refund please! I've completely lost interest in myIDkey & the way in which things have been handled. Refund please! I've completely lost interest in myIDkey & the way in which things have been handled. Refund please! @Arkami, Be respectful and considerate. Hello makers of myIDkey, If I can get a product that works exceptionally well and functions as well as or supersedes original expectations, I do not mind waiting. At least this company appears to be improving the device rather that cutting its features. Personally, I would like to have the larger size, less chance of losing it. It would be wonderful to see the display without popping on my reading glasses. @Jeffrey - thanks for the update! You’re right, it’s the update that should have come from Arkami. What I’ve heard from Arkami, is too little too late. I can understand that a single person fails on communication - I often do myself. But Arkami is a company and it looks like they have some funds. Arkami, You should be able to hire someone for a quarter or pay a marketing agency to do the job. I’d consider this good use of a small portion of my backer $. On the form factor: I am not funding a design object, but a device that provides a certain functionality. So the looks are not my first priority. But in order to make use of the functionality, I have to have the thing with me all the time. So from a certain point, design may become a problem. I still expect myIDkey to fit on my key chain, but I’m not 100% sure. On the technical modifications: I do not see a good reason not to accept the necessity of the changes. I am all for a more powerful device. On the delay: I’d really like to start collecting my credentials. I feel an ache with each new account I create and know I won’t remember the password. But this is a security device for mer too. I’ll accept a reasonable delay and for sure don’t want a product with hardware issues. @Arkami - get yourself covered on the communications issue! Create a product that works. As this is a security product, I would feel a lot better, if there was an independent review of the concept, if not the product. I don’t believe in “security by obscurity”. So you should at least provide a plan for a review. I’ve asked for this before and never got an answer. Look at it this way: You’ve failed us on communications and by this lost some trust. Do this to regain that trust. @Jeffrey- I just finished reading your comment and appreciate what you had to say. @Arkami- This is my first comment on this project and you can put me in the group of disappointed backers because the product has not shipped yet. I have backed a number of projects and understand that delivery dates may not be meet. A late delivery on this project has come and gone and I think everyone would agree the frustrations are understandable. I have been following your updates and would like to tell you I am glad you have made some tough choices to better the produce even with the delays. So even though I am disappointed about the deliver I am still a supporter of this project. If anyone cares, I posted a comment on Update 22 after a phone discussion with the CEO of myIDkey. (Spoiler alert: it's long). Disappointing that after being told I have had a refund sent to me via paypal that it would appear I actually haven't. Disappointing also that when I politely enquired I just received a curt response from their CFO telling me "It's been sent." And then when checking paypal I can see that it actually hasn't been. Time to get on to my card issuer I think. @Arkami, can you please respond to my query: ==== 8< ===== Could you please publish both the API for the existing clients as well as the hardware protocol for the serial connection (USB/ Bluetooth) so that drivers and clients can be written for platforms that you do not officially support (yet)? ==== 8< ===== The silence is deafening. @Jeffrey Price - "release sometime in January". Did they happen to mention what year? Or on which planet they're going to release it on first? Thank you @Jeffrey Price. @Arkami Thank you for telling a local newspaper the truth while stringing along your kickstarter backers. It's does not matter how good your product proves to be if you go on to treat your customers the way you have treated us backers, trust me when I say your business will fail. Newspaper interview in Orange Co. Register (CA) yesterday and the estimate was release sometime in January. I don't want to pay $2 to read the whole article, but those who do or are subscribers can go to <url>"data will be stored locally (instead of the myIDkey), encrypted of course."? This is supposed to be the electronic variant of me carrying around a notebook with all my passwords in it, that is in code, that only I can access. If my notebook falls into someone else's hands, it is supposed to blow itself up leaving no trace. Or am I wrong and backed something without any understanding. @Mike if that is true, they can shove it right back, because I would only be able to use it effectively on my Android phone. I don't use proprietary Operating Systems. jorlinn> My guess is that "practically all OSs" refers to the browser interface. @Arkami September became October then November before a 3-4 weeks saw us into December. So what are we estimating now? Let me guess January????? I understand all about bringing new products to the market, I understand all the challenges that come inevitable with that. But are you really this bad at scheduling and production planning? Every update it has been clear the dates you have given were wildly optimistic. So PLEASE can we now have a REALISTIC shipping date. Messaged them again. @Arkami: "myIDkey will work with practically all OSs". Please elaborate on that, especially regarding standards you plan to adhere to and when this will be implemented. Could you please respond to my query on the last update? I'll reiterate it for you here, because this is relevant to your statement. ==== 8< ===== Could you please publish both the API for the existing clients as well as the hardware protocol for the serial connection (USB/ Bluetooth) so that drivers and clients can be written for platforms that you do not officially support (yet)? ==== 8< ===== @Arkami Thank you for the reply to my earlier comment, so can you confirm that you will start shipping in 2 weeks time at the latest????? or is there an update coming. My refund is now in progress. Good luck everybody. @Arkami I sent you a message requesting my refund. please see to this ASAP. I finally received my refund so as of now I am out. I wish all of you well. Good luck to everybody. Has anyone actually managed to get a refund from this company. Its appalling the way they treat people. @Arkami Only two weeks left until you post the next delay update. He was here again today however not to show us any love. Arkami, Inc. please just give my refund I have asked for. I just want my original IDKeys, I don't want 8G of 'flash'.. I have plenty of flash drives, and I certainly don't have 8G of passwords, etc. The lack of good updates, the continuous redesigns. I think I'm ready for a refund. He checked this page on Dec 5 but left no fingerprints. No cards. No flowers. He don't call, he don't write. Nothin. I'm beginning to think he's dating someone else. I'm still waiting for my refund. I just sent them another email I emailed asking for a refund. Still no response. Can you please contact me Arkami? @Arkami, As we are one week into the extra 3-4 week delay, I'm guessing you now have a finished pre- production (manufacturing approval) myidkey's that you can show us? After all if you are going to meet your third delivery promise you will have them by now. For all you folks in Orange County CA, I spoke with a reporter about this project and other ones in the area. Nice guy. He was wondering what the basic reaction was to the delay on this project in particular and why people would put so much money at risk when there is always a good chance things will not work out. Also asked why we do "this" and other general questions. If anyone in OC sees the article please post a link. @Jackie Cheng, I agree. I've vented before on here only to have my comment removed. Im glad your comment was not removed. Awesome password reminder key, that kind of key belongs here. Engineers: Help me out here. This gadget started as something that was 78x24x12 mm (FAQ Home page) Its now 80x35.5x22.1 mm Am I correct in figuring that this thing almost tripled in volume? Still waiting for my refund apparently the person that is handling it is out of the office this week to continue there education. So hopefully next week I can get this done. Thanks for the heads-up, much appreciated. Happy Holidays! @Matthias Poehler - "Be respectful and considerate" goes both ways. If Arkami isn't playing by the rules then why should we? How about you give me money and I'll design you an amazing product that's never going to be a reality? Won't you feel mad about that? The problem with Arkami is that they go from "in production" to "back in the design phase" all too often. That doesn't build confidence with all the backers. And it's perfectly normal for us to vent if they are clearly screwing with us. No replies back from all the emails to them asking for refund. So you want us to respect? Respect has to be earned. And being considerate? I am considerate...I let them steal my money. All I ask is to vent. Cost them nothing. They rarely read these comments anyways. And that's not a middle finger. That's my new rendering of an awesome password reminder key. You should back my project. So all you backers...vent away. Perfectly normal. This user's account has been deleted. I want to leave a comment but there's a problem with my keyboard. It has a design flaw, electrical short, some other bs.... I have to take this keyboard back to the store so they can take it back to the manufacturer which will take it back to the design company so they can fix it. Please come back in a few months to see my actual complaint. I'm very sorry for this. I know a lot of you are disappoint not seeing my complaint comment. I'll update you in a few months with another bs excuse. Check out my awesome rendering of my new product. ....................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\... As my comment was not posted, I will reiterate: Make what you originally proposed. Simple, clean...a secure biometric password archive in a form factor that both fits on a key ring and connects directly to a USB port. Upgrade 2G to 8G memory? WHY? I think I can safely assume I don't have 8G of passwords and credit card information. Maybe I'm wrong? Maybe I should buy a Coin Additional led for battery level? Why? Have it beep when battery is low. Payments? Argh!! Bitcoin may be a media darling but most of us don't use it. Adding a cable? Just destroyed the original premise (going to get thrown in the drawer with the rest of the 'really cool but annoying to use' gizmos) The upgrade list goes on, enough said here. This was supposed to be a secure password/account information fob but it has morphed into an NFC enabled, cord-required virtual digital wallet and personal assistant. Save the bells, whistles, train horns and bagpipes for IDkey ver 2.0 Just make what you said you would make and send it to the people who paid for it. hey myidkey you're starting to get a really sh|tty reputation & your product doesn't even exist yet. LEARN to COMMUNICATE to customers. #vaper(hard)ware so when is the supposed ship date now? Are you aware of this partnership between Google and Yubico: <url>"4,000 points" and am wondering if they dumped the referral program without telling us. Hey Arkami, how about a response? I was told I was getting a refund Wednesday no luck as of yet of course I understand Thursday. I responded with in on Wednesday with my paypal addy so I'm stuck with you guys for now. Well Arkami really. I just sick of the empty promises and they have changed way to much. I need help with a refund. This project has devolved into something I do not support with regard to form factor, design, function and most importantly lack of the company being able to fulfill its promises to deliver on a product I felt was atbthe time exciting abd innovative. Can you guarantee 3-4 weeks? If not something like Q1 2014 might be more appropriate and let everyone know that when you hit the 'Passed QA' milestone you will let us know and and firm up some delivery time frames. This will be less stress for everyone. I don't mind waiting, I want a good product, I just really dislike being told 2 days prior to a shipping deadline that not only has it not been packaged it is not even ready. @ Arkami I'm not happy that the form factor changed but I'm prepared to wait and see. I understand that things go wrong and that this inevitably effects delivery. But its the rubbish they tell us and the lack of communication that angers me. Do you think we are idiots? Back at the Oct-Nov delay update I questioned (Oct 26 & 27) the time lines because its was obviously to short. And here we go again. So if your latest update is to be believed you are going to: 1. Fix the ground short 2. Change the memory chips 3. Redesign the board 4. Build prototype for extensive testing 5. Complete many hours of product life testing 6. And Manufacture nearly 4000 units IN 3-4 WEEKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Let me guess, Santa and his elves are the manufacturers, so just believe in the magic of Christmas.. You don't even have a finished injection molding of the shell to show us???? THE TRUTH PLEASE, REGARDLESS OF HOW BAD IT MAY BE. If they had kept the original concept and did what they said they would do I might still be into the project. however they have changed so much and we seem to be a after thought,. I did get a response back they said they will refund my payment. I'm now waiting for the refund to hit my paypal. hopefully I can use it for some black friday shopping or Cyber Monday. Even with the continued delays, this still isn't the slowest Kickstarter project I've backed unless their delivery slips beyond June 2014. I'm still excited to get a myIDkey. Cofounder - Mark Thacker - <email> Phone: 949-702-2701 Not sure if it's a direct line to him, but it's what he's got listed. I've completely lost faith in this company's ability to deliver the product they promised. They probably spend the weeks in between updates trying to invent another excuse for delays. The latest update about the issues found in QA is a joke. If it took this long to discover a ground short in their board design, we'll be lucky if a product actually ships in 2014. Just received an email update stating they found two issues not found during development phase. The shipping of the product is now pushed back another 3-4 weeks! Why can't we get any straight answers! All I want to know is when will the myIDkey really ship!!! Well they gave us an update #21 telling us that there's yet another delay...no surprise there. Seems more and more like vaporware. I think I should start my own kickstarter projects giving false promises and selling vaporware. That way I get to pocket $473,333. Not a bad deal...all I got to do is make some graphic renderings and just tell backers that there's a delay every single time. My product is called You'reNotGettingTheIDkey made by Imakra Inc. If you give good reasons, I may understand. If you don't talk, I simply lose trust in you as a reliable good business which I would deal with again in the future. At the very least you can access your order info at their website. Put in your email address and hit "forgot password" and go from there. It's something, anyway. I added my self to the refund request I just emailed them. The worst part is the lack of updates and if they don't care about us now it is unlikely they will in the near future. Everything changed in August when we became less important. This is the 1st time I requested a kickstarter refund my money. there is almost nothing left from what we originally backed except maybe the concept. however design wise almost everything has changed. I've held off on making comments because I was wanted to let this play out. I perfectly understand delays because this is a new product launch. I've been willing to be patient with delays and focus on the end product. I'm not really even that concerned about a sleeve, or sleeves at this point. However, I would have to agree with everyone else that lack of communication is completely unacceptable, especially if you're past initial deadline and are going to exceed a second promised deadline. I don't think you need a business or marketing degree to understand that people will generally be more patient if they don't feel like they're being ignored or left in the dark. After all, you only exist because of all of us, your backers. We've invested money in your idea, I think we deserve a little more respect. This is abysmal customer service. It's a little frightening to me that individuals in charge at Arkami are probably well educated. I think this proves that being well educated does not necessarily mean you have any common sense. I could care less about this thing at this point, will request refund if/when it ships. Website still says shipping in November. Oct 27 parts were arriving for November run. You would know by now if you couldn't start shipping within 4 days. Where has everyone gone? A posted comment on average once a day. Have we all given up hope that we will ever see the myIDkey? So lets assume they are good to their word; we only have 4 more working days and the product will ship. :-) After all, if there was a delay they would have told us by now RIGHT. NOT A CHANCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm convinced the only reason we got the last update was because they were concerned some backers may have made an appearance at Engadget Expand. Arkami you may want to start communicating properly prior to CES 2014 because you may find some angry backers and that wont make good press. From St. Patrick's day to Thanksgivings... Geez. @welshman - this was first kickstarter project that I backed. Delay is understandable but no communication is really not good. This kind of projects give very bad idea to backers and they think twice before backing any project. Having about half a mil dollors. Now I am thinking about making some cool video just like that and make some money. :) I know this is not funny but we the backers are helpless in this present situation. I think I'll just hang in there. I don't think so. As long as Kickstarter get their cut of what's been pledged they're happy. Besides, I don't think that there's nothing they can do even if they wanted to. Once the money has changed hands, as far as Kickstarter are concerned that's it. When you think about it's no wonder we're hearing about more & more non-legit campaigns. It's very open to abuse. @all- can't we request kickstarter team to request for an update from Arkami? A real update, like what is the current production progress, how does it look like now, when do we expect to get the device etc.. I have the KS onyx sleeve premium and I have been wondering what you'll replace it with since the new form factor rules out sleeves. After some digging through the update archives I found what I believe is your only response so far to this question: " let us review . A good question re cases. We need to review budget and ideas and we will respond." This was back in September I believe. If you are still in the suggestion taking phase here are some of mine, arranged in order of my personal preferences: 1) A limited edition myIDkey in a different color, say KS green. 2) A protective case or bag. 3) An extra cable or maybe a mini to regular USB adapter if such a thing exists. Some of us have older computers. 4) T-shirt 5) Nothing I know this thing has grown to undreamed of proportions on your part and you are very busy trying to get us our stuff, but hopefully someone can spare a little thought for those of us who invested a little extra. Thanks Shipping update and info on extra sleeves please... @ Arkami On the 26th October you kindly replied to my question in the comments section below stating you were on schedule to start shipping in November. You have since given us an update relating to the software development, however you have not stated that there are any delays to the November delivery you previously confirmed. So could someone please spend 5min and let us know what the current manufacturing progress actually is? It's really not that much to ask !!! It's understandable that a product is late in shipping. I'm sure there have been stats compiled on how many kickstarter projects actually ship on time (I'm going to guess very few). However, from reading the many comments here, the primary concern of many of the backers who have been posting here are that we actually get some form of communication on a regular basis. I cannot imagine that the team is SO busy that they can't provide a paragraph weekly update and something more substantial when there is something to say. Also, the Arkami team is heading on the road marketing the product left and right (I saw them at Comic Con this year). I, and I'm sure many of the other backers, may feel a bit slighted by these actions. That's not to say that you shouldn't market and advertise the product. But if you can't find the time to write a few sentences for your main supporters (i.e. the thousands of people who put their trust and money into your project) once a week, then maybe you have some misaligned priorities. Maybe it was our mistake to give you our trust in the first place. I truly do look forward to having the myIDkey in hand. Now it's almost end of November, could you please at least give us an estimate of shipping and app release date? Hi, What is the current expected date for shipping the product... Thank you @Robert We know it is not a shop! What we ask for is communication. They did great on that side sometime ago, but now they are back to their old habits! guys, guys, this is Kickstarter: It's a grassroot funding system, not a shop where you ask for a refund if a target date is missed, or if minor unimportant changes in the process. That's imo part of the risk we take when funding something based on mere oputlines, plans hope and expectations. I for one give the guys the time they need, and will only request (no, actually demand) a refund if a working product doesn't ship. We need another update I'm about done with this it seems Arkami thinks it's OK to what ever the hell they want. I don't even know why I'm still hanging on. So, Arkami, what is up on the production side? Process, photos, etc. Question, so is the new myidkey come with the sleeve/case at all? Is that mean I will not get my 2 sleeve the the duo I pledge for? Thank you guys beforehand if anyone can help me with this question. Thank guys This user's account has been deleted. Arkami, I sent an email to <email> requesting a refund. This was a promising product but due to the drastic design changes, delayed product launch and lack of communication from your side, I have decided to pull my funds from this project. I still think this product has potential and I understand the challenges with bringing products to market. However the lack of engagement is a problem. Good luck with everything, let me know what info you need to process my refund. ~Ashwin @Jurriaan More like it! Big projects tend to proceed like that more and more. One distribution center on each continent. HI Martijn, I understand that. But I can imagine that the Arkami company might ship a big number of myIDkeys to a location in Europe where they have a warehouse or something and then ship them one by one to the respective recipients. That would make it easier to achieve something like this. Just thinking out loud and not trying to impose criminal activities upon Arkami!! STILL WAITING for a response to my refund request. Do I really need to get my card issuer involved which will cost you more in the long run?! Jurriaan: They will surely not do this. This is a federal offence in the US. I'm also located in Europe. If you don't want extra costs, you should have thought of that before ordering. I'll re-ask my question here as I haven't gotten any word back through the KS mail: Hi Arkami Inc, About shipping the myIDkey to Europe (the Netherlands) Have you already found out how you are going to ship this and what you are going to put on the invoice? I'm asking to find out if there is a way to make sure no extra costs are involved with Import duties. Could you e.g. keep the parcel very small and lightweight, put a low price on the invoice and add the tekst SAMPLE to the box. A dsicription such as SAMPLE KeyChain with a value of 10$. would be very much appreciated. Thanks for considering it. Hi Guys, When are you shipping the keys? We have not heard back, and it is the middle of November. If the date has slipped again, it would be nice to at least inform your backers... and maybe update your site as to not frustrate any new buyers... Communications are inconsistent, to say the least! When are they shipping? What's up with those up us who pledged for extra sleeves? I have asked a question to Arkami per Kickstarter mail about 2 weeks ago. It was about shipping and invoice details regarding Import Duties. I haven't had any answer back... have they gone a bit silent? They keep saying they are shipping this month but we have no confirmed ship date or production updates. So, any update on shipping/fulfillment of orders? (funded March 22, eight months ago...) @Sven Schirmer- I also would like to know how this is going to work for those who pledged for extra sleeves? Judging by the 'new' and latest design pictures different coloured 'caps' would look a bit garish and naff if for example a kickstarter green one is included. Software seems to be on track. Some news on the production and delivery plan would be nice. Hi Arkami, I am sure I missed this in all the updates or comments but please tell me how the sleeves will look like on the new design? I backed for the myIDKey with the Onyx and Pearl sleeves (Gold supporter). I hope that this will still work out because that was the thing my better half wanted to see. Thank you for your help. I have tried to contact Arkami about my shipping and address and when this item is going to ship. Can we please get an update as to what is going on? I sent two emails to (<email>) regarding refund and no replies. Am I missing out on something? Hey Arkami, lots of hate going on in the comments, but I'm excited to receive the product when it ships and understand that good products take time to complete. I'm hoping to buy another for my spouse! Will you be offering a discount to initial backers on the purchase of an additional unit? Thanks, and good luck with the upcoming shipments! Arkami, could you make an update on the software features please? I Struggle to understand what we will be able to do and on which plattform. What do you mean with not supporting Windows login in v1. Can I not use myIDkey with Windows?? What about Mac OS? Are you shipping a software with the device similar to other Paswordmanagers? I don't see a clear pictur and maby xou can hel to clarify. Thanks @ Jonathan, I shouted out too loud. I received a delayed payment on Paypal. Would be accessible on the 31th. I log in today and the transaction was dissapeared from my account. I know you still have to make the hardware, but I'm sure you are much further along on the Cloud Side. I would love to be able to get access to the website to start entering in Passwords now so when the hardware is ready, the passwords can just be loaded into the device. Also, I don't know if I rsaw this, but can I use the device to log into Windows? I currently use a Upek FPR with ProtectorSuite to do my log in and password management. Glad to see that the comments have a more positive tone to them even considering it is people requesting and receiving refunds. Either way it is nice that Arkami is actively back on the customer front. My paypal echeque from arkami cleared. Good luck - I hope the project is a success. Based on recent events I not totally happy with MyIDkey new design but we are so close to complete now. I willing to wait till I have hands on then I can decide 100% if I'm happy or not. personally I will really bummed with the decision to with the Micro USB after I already thought we decided to go with a full USB this requires me to make sure I have one with me or available, Refund asked yesterday, paypal payment received today! Things are moving at Arkami, sad it took them so long to get this on the rails. Gl with your project. @Arkami - I really appreciate the fast reply and I'm not trying to be difficult. I've been in manufacturing for over 30 years and just find the time lines rather off. You would not move to full manufacturing of thousands until you had fully tested a exact finished working prototype. As you are obviously past that stage if shipping is to start in November, let's share some real life pictures as this would settle a great deal of nerves. Finally we have responsive communications from Arkami, thank you. That said, I have two simple questions if I may 1. The update 19 images are renderings, when will we see a finished prototype? 2. What are the current chances we will actually see this in November, as 3-4 weeks lead time to manufacture on a product where no finished prototype is currently available is not realistic. So I guess this all hinges on whether there is a finished prototype and if in fact myidkey is in actual production as we speak. A quick update on the above would be greatly appreciated Yep, got a paypal echeque today, 3-5 days to clear. I did try asking for an extra $6 to account for currency fluctuations and loss of interest but I got my original pledge, which is fair enough. Got my refund too... Thx Arkami, and like Jonathan, too many change and neglected communication make me change my point of you. To be the most powerful usb security product, you have to be trust by your client. And by the time I've lost my trust of you... Wind seems to be changing at Arkami! Hope it will last! Got this email, will update when I get my refund. Fair play to arkami for acknowledging they neglected the communications. I do like the idea behind the IDkey but I feel it's changed too much. Even if it hadn't changed, the fact that there's still no evidence of a realistic prototype concerns me with regards to delivery. I hope when it comes, the idkey is a satisfactory product for y'all - I'll keep watch hopefully. "Hello Jonathon, We apologize for not getting back to you sooner regarding your refund request. We take full responsibility and we hope to earn you back as a customer in the future. As with any start-up, keeping our heads down on developing and manufacturing the myIDkey strained our resources we got behind in our customer communications. If you are domestic customer, please email your mailing address to <email>. We will process a refund check and send it out to you in the next two weeks. If you are an international customer, we are hoping to streamline the process by providing your refund via PayPal. Please send the email address that you use with PayPal account to <email> or you can request a refund using PayPal software. Thank you for your interest in myIDkey. Kindest Regards, The myIDkey Team" I do not like the idea of a micro usb port. I want to be able to hang the drive around my neck, I don't want to have to carry around a cable too! Now you are making it like a 'portable hard drive' where I have to use cables! If this is the route you are taking, please refund my money. I backed a flash drive, I don't want cables! Please reconsider! I know this is not entirely related, but I'd like to put the idea out there. Would it be possible to have the myIDkey support certain Bluetooth deadbolt locks as well, such as the Kwikset Kevo? Jon Burke said it well, I agree 100%. Not liking the changes I'm afraid, the USB is an issue for my use case. I'm still waiting to hear back with regards to a refund, you promised to review refunds soon but you've been silent on the topic. Thanks Akami for the excellent, well detailed update. I appreciate not only the transparency with which you have communicated, but the time you have taken to address backer concerns and suggestions, redesigning the device yet again to meet our preferences and reduce the size. It's this kind of attention to what backers want which helps convince me the final product will be exactly what I want. I suggest giving them a call: 949-330-7220 or 949-702-2701 Those are the numbers I found for them. Refund please. I'm starting to become annoyed with Arkami not responding to my refund request mails. They were very respectful & contained all the information needed so I see no valid reason for their lack of communication. @Arkami As Luke said. Updates do not belong in comments. Due to such a long silence, I do not come here every day to read the comments to see if you left an "Update" there. The update system is designed to notify all the backers that you have posted some relevant information about the project. Leave the comments for general questions and get back up regular updates. Including the Mini update you posted in the comments, make that into an update. I am a very patient person, but I also have a limit and due to your lack of information, is creating a lack of trust. People backed you because you offered a cool idea and believed you could come through on it, they trusted you. The least you can do to respect that trust is to be Honest. Instead you are betraying that trust by having cryptic updates and hidden updates. Also since you have decided to go to the new design, you really need to update your website, and the video and everywhere the original mockup of the MyIdkey is at and take it down and replace it with the new mockup. It is not fair to those unaware that when they order from your website, that will not be what they receive. Let's put it in car terms. You order a Lamborghini Veneno and they want to send you a Hyundai Sonata(not saying that Hyundai is not a nice car, I own one, but you get the difference)? Would you be OK with that? The look of these cars and the power of these cars are way different in power yes. But concentrate on just look, someone ordered and payed the high price tag for the expensive car and you turn around saying all I got for you is this Sonata, how do you think they would react? Exactly how everyone has reacted. Alot of people are willing to accept the change but you are betraying their trust by not updating us, answering the concerns, and updating your website so it is accurate. For crying out loud, you still have an expired referral program live on the site like the program is still active. I rely on those update e-mails to be apprised of what is going on, I have very little free time as I am sure that alot of the people here as well. We do not have time to look through the comments for an update. Thank you and I hope you understand, I really hope there is a Real update soon and not a comment update or my patience will be gone and I will be on the list of the refunds as well.(for the moment I am not,but I am not far off.) Wow, Luke! Nice comment about those interelated subjects. Can I keep it and use it in other contexts/projects ? :-) Dear Kickstarter Project Manager, I want to talk today about a few topics: words and their meanings; transparency and communicating. First - "words and their meanings". "Comments" are defined as "...written remarks expressing an opinion or reaction." "Updates" are defined as "A change in information, a modification of existing or known data." or "An additional piece of information. An addition to existing information." Out of those two definitions, which would match a Project Manager providing information, with ongoing amendments or corrections on the completion date of a project and/or delivery date for an item? If you say "Comment", then you may want to call your English teacher and apologise. Your comment against a recently posted Update stating that further details on delivery dates will be made through the comment section is foolish, will not result in your backers being automatically updated via email ("Updates" do that) and are not what this section is made for. Second - "Transparency". These sporadic and non-cohesive Updates which have been provided are great in that they go into some detail about changes which are happening with choices of vendors, or deliverables for the end product, but there is no clear evolution of the idea or product, and no clear progression towards the final goal of delivering a product to your backers. You need to be open, honest and forthright in giving us information about where this project is, why it has missed the initially forecast delivery date, what the next expected delivery date is, and any further changes to same. Keeping something to yourself for fear of rocking the boat is a short term win for a long term loss - it may stop us from asking "Why?" now, but after months of inaction, people will become inconsolable and irate and by then even good information is useless. Thirdly - "Communication". Consider, if you would, that you began a company with seed money from an investor, or a group of investors. If you said "The company will be open by September 2013", said nothing more, and then had those investors visit the supposed company office in October and find nothing, what do you think would happen? Would you leave an investor who put almost half a million dollars into your company without any form of updates or explanations on where that money was being spent and when any returns (or products) could be expected? I think that if your answer is "No", then if I were to be your investor, I would almost need to have tour knees broken pre-emptively before lending you any money - so you couldn't run away as quick. You need to be: - Regular - Honest - Comprehensive - Clear - Detailed - Accountable in the Updates you post through this project. I have backed a few failed projects and a distinct lack of these attributes has been common across all dealings between those scam artists and their backers. Please. Keep us in the loop. And let us know when that loop is expected to end. Guys... just a reminder, this is kickstarter, is not a store, nor a fully made company. This guys (and every company in kickstarter) are just noobs. No matter how much experience they claim (no offense Arkami). Phrasing a comment in the Omate kickstarter page, and as well what kickstarter says too, they are not entitled to refund anything at all. We... have a role of investors. You think every investor that puts money in a starting company, if they fail, they can get their money back? of course not. The fact that Arkami said that it could issue refunds, i guess is dependant on each company, but they are not entitled. If you understand the fact of what our role is when we support a company, then you will come to terms of the money that you are investing and that it's a gamble that something will come out of it or not We are investors, not shoppers/customers. Too much ranting. If they are quite, and they are working the issues, fine by me. I think the update they gave was more than enough. It looks quite clear that they won't be able to meet the October shipment deadline. But that's fine, i trust the guys that they will do a fine work in nailing everything and delivering a product that would meet the needs they proposed solving with their product. Based on what i have seen, is not the first nor the last that people will have issues with projects, but just be aware that kickstarter is not a store, is an investor page. And some gamble is always there no matter how much secureness the company promote. I think all this panic thing that is just booming is just making everyone feel more uncomfortable. I have backed almost 10 projects already, and it has been good and bad. So take it easy guys and have patience. This is a company that is building something from scratch. Just my 2 cents. This user's account has been deleted. Refund please !!! he was on today of course!!! :-( I really want to like this project but Arkami is making it so hard because they don't seem to give a crap about us.. CEO can find the time to tweet every day, just can't find the time to update the people who have financially supported his company???? If you are planning on keeping the new design, the I would like a refund please. At this point you are still selling pre-orders on your website using the original design. This is flat out false advertising, so you should probably get on fixing that too. Thanks I'm gonna sleep on it but I'm seriously thinking about requesting a refund. Projects like this will get Kickstarter a bad name. This project has turned into a complete joke! People expect delays and set backs with kickstarter but their is no excuse for not keeping people updated with whats going on. Most people would be OK with not having their device yet as long as they had some info regarding expected shipping. I see you guys still have the original design plastered all over your website! No sign of the new design any ware! Are you still hoping to hook in some more sucker with the excellent original design? COME ON ARKAMI! WHAT THE F*CK IS GOING ON! SORT IT OUT & GIVE YOUR BACKERS SOME INFORMATION! Yes me too, I WANT MY MONEY BACK !!! I'm tired of your imcompetence to manage this project. NO COMMUNICATION, NO ANSWER TO OUR QUESTIONS AND STILL NO PRODUCT (Estimated delivery: Sep 2013) or PROTOTYPE !!!!! Please stop me if I'm wrong. SO REFUND FOR ME ! Refund please. Sent a message too. Hmm, I wonder when we will receive the next update? yep, about time to take ArSkami to task, a travashamockery of a project... Same here. No response and no refund yet. I am tired. I ALSO WANT MY MONEY BACK. REFUND. Requested a refund on 9/8, received a generic response, and then again on 10/12, received no response. Originally a Platinum backer, I was very excited with the concept and business model. The redesign, delays, lack of communication and newer technology has left me disinterested. I used to brag about supporting this project, now I'm embarrassed that I got duped. I want my money back now. New update needed! Now! I want a refund. @Ed S, Pleased to see you got your refund. Its clear they look at the comments section, such a shame they don't update the backers and issue refunds until people post comments!!!!! So there's the lesson to all those waiting refunds..... post a negative comment, 4 days later you get a refund, so get posting those comments. Well, I received a refund today. Hopefully it clears and then I'm out. I wish those backers riding this one out the best. The reason they have stopped communicating is because they don't care what we say. Why would they, they have our money and have zero intensions on making good their promise of refunds. Can you think of any reputable company that would offer a refund and not give it? and there lies your answer. False promise after false promise. The only reason we have not seen an update as promise this week is because nothing negative has happened in the IT tech world that is plausible as a further excuse for myIDkey. We all deserve to be treated better, whether you call us customers or backers, the reality is people have invested good money on this project and reserve to be treated with respect not contempt. @Scott Beard With an update 27 days ago, and a comment 8 days ago? Will probably not fly. I've filed a complaint with Kickstarter that this company has stopped communicating with Kickstarter backers. I would encourage you to do the same. 46 Days now I've been working with these "people" to get a refund. They wait 10+ days to respond. I haven't heard from them in 16 days. This is terrible customer service. It should not take 46 days to get 4. . . excuse me, 3 responses in regards to a refund. Give me my money back. Please provide an official update, no news for last month Finally a real update of the production, good step forward. They told me they'd review my request for refund back in the beginning of Sep - have heard not one word since then. Obviously a long and complicated review process. This user's account has been deleted. Same, I had an email saying it would be reviewed and they'd get back to me soon.. Still waiting on my refund. Sounds to me like the angel investors wanted a different design and a cheaper CPU. In the factory of SK Hynix in China where the fire was, there are no NANDs produced/processed. Only DDRx. But NAND is on allocation with going up prices now for more than 6 month. An update of sorts, there you go Arkami, it really was't that hard was it. That's all we ask for, to be kept up to date. Now the delay was pretty obvious even to the most optimistic of backers, however if nothing else they are communicating. Just a quick comment though, as the fire happened at SK Hynix on the 4 September, don't you think that was at least noteworthy in your last update on the 20th Sept or in the comment posts of the 23rd & 28th???? I can't speak for everyone but I would rather someone told me exactly what the situation was rather than drip feeding me bad news. So could I please ask that next weeks update is a full update of the current situation and if possible includes images of the up to date form factor. Thank you Arkami for your update, i can't wait for november to come. I am really in need of this device, now that i am having more control with my passwords, maintening a pdf sheet with this is a pain in you know where. I just hope there aren't any more issues in the assembly process and all bugs are nailed down promptly and fast to get a superb device. Keep the good work Arkami. Last Arkami login was yesterday. time to fire up the chargeback process vs. ArScami... I keep coming back here just to see another kickstarter drama unfold. yay They don't seem to read nor care about our comments here. We are just talking among ourselves. At this point the 'look' is secondary to me. I want a shipping date and grow weary of insubstantial and infrequent updates from this project. I realise everyone has been telling them that but the amount of long winded ranting comments is huge. I'm simply summarizing it for them. People are annoyed with the fact that its basically a completely different device visually to the one advertised but has the same functionality. Everyone is forgetting that they are not required to deliver the product as advertised- Its just beneficial if they did. They are simply selling the product based upon an idea. If they changed the functionality completely then yes they have completely changed the product. I am in no way saying that this farce is acceptable, i agree with the majority in that there should be regular and thorough updates, visual proof, and a decent estimate on delivery date considering the initial one has passed. Chris we have been telling ARKAMI that since mid august but that is when they received 1.8 million and then we lost our backing status and just became pawns. Hopefully they will still produce a nice useful product but it will be whatever there new owner wants them to do. As far as update again look at the number of updates before they were bought compared to after. There seem to be a lot of pi***ed off people here leading me to believe that ARKAMI need a summary of what can be done to keep everyone fairly happy. Your backers just need reassurance about certain things. 1) Produce 'Regular' updates at least once a fortnight( Going by what most people would like) 2) In the updates include some visual evidence of progress as well as some good solid facts and information regarding what has been done to the device and any possible adjustments/ modifications. 3) Produce a delivery date- It doesn't have to be spot on.. at least a ball park date. 4) Send at least an acknowledgement email to those who request a Refund. Personally I eagerly await the arrival of my device despite all of the alterations. I hate to say it but Christopher Cowler is 100% correct before mid August the update were often and all was good. Then after they got the 1.8 million 1st we got the announcement that they were completely changing the design of the MyIDkey. Clearly they are going to go with the wishes of the company that gave them 1.8 million rather then us. How difficult is it to provide weekly or bi weekly updates and to have somebody here to respond to questions. I love Kickstarter and I love funding new projects come to life but projects like this end up putting a bad taste in my mouth, I'm still hoping the project will be worth backing but do to many of Arkami actions I'm not sure even if I like the product that I can recommend it. sure updates are nice in the comment section but even those are scarce. @Marie-Andree, I do understand where you are, happy to at least give the product and company the benefit of the doubt but equally unhappy at the level of communication. However, Arkami could not care less about the Kickstarter backers, we were simply the tool to convince their angel investors that myidkey had a market. For anyone needing convincing of that simply take a look at the timings of the updates; one every two weeks until they secured their $1.8 million in mid August, then only one since and that actually contained zero real content and only came after weeks of negative comments here. They simply could not careless about each and everyone of us. We are just the mugs used to get their hands on the real investment they required. I'm so angry about this project now because it shows such a lack of respect to us all. Was it really too much to ask, to receive replies to our emails or for one of their marketing people to post an update every couple of weeks? Regardless of whether I receive this item, I can assure Arkami that I will never purchase a single product manufactured by them again, and yes I will tell all my friends. Not a great start for the Angel investors, taking a stake in a company that's only current product is unhappy customers. @Welshman Those 2 opinions are not mutually exclusives. I still think that the product is worth a try before trashing the company. But I also think (and always been on a "crusade" on this in KS) that transparent communication is a must on KS! That's a change of tune from your previous post 4 days ago! Delays happens, but please, be clear with us! For the first time in my "KS career", I've pledge for someone else and myself at the same time. I would like to know what to say to him and where his part of the pledge have gone :-( I am anxiously waiting for this, the silence worries me and others I am sure, I just hope this does not turn out to be another fiasco like Blackberry BBM for all, all promises and nothing delivered. Keeping my fingers crossed (for now) , would love to see a concrete shipping date. Update please That should say "And it all goes quiet" dyslexia rules :-) And then it all goes quite, I've tried contacting Arkami expressing my concern that it appears hard to believe we will see the myIDkey delivered this month as they have told me. I think we are just getting treated like idiots by them. If they have selected a manufacturer in the USA and that manufacturer is currently manufacturing something will they please share it with us. If in fact nothing is currently in manufacturing then shipping in October as I was told only 1 week ago is not going to happen, so please share that with us. Regardless of the news Arkami, CAN YOU PLEASE TELL US SOMETHING !!!!!!! @Ryan Maybe you should just try the product before doing that! So far this company is "auto-botting" a PR response to every complain out there and pulling Snowden incident card to conveniently delaying their product. I'm an international backer myself and its not worth the money and effort to refund it. However, I'll make sure to campaign against this product when its to be released in retail. @David Duncan and @Chris Gates, See my post of 3 days ago below. I kept asking the same question via comments and emails until I eventually got a reply. It clearly states they are still working on October shipping. Now I can't see how that could be possible given the stage they are at, re last update, however that was their reply?? A new estimate would be nice are you thinking a month 3 months 6 months etc. I understand you don't want to commit but that's the big question many of us want to know. This user's account has been deleted. @Arnd Layer Glad to see your only ability to respond is with insults. You also seem to have been unable to read the project description. You know, the one where suppliers had been selected, design perfected, etc. This project is another Instacube, it's that simple. Repetition, you say? I am fully aware I will never see my money back or a product from this team. You bet I'm going to be repetitious. Let's see if you can adhere to your commitment. I'm betting you can't, either. @Ed S … If you read my posts, you may have seen that I don't adhere to a beloved creator. I haven't seen a troll agreeing to be one. So everyone will decide who is the troll for themselves. I personally decide on how much of input versus repetition he / she brings to the discussion. So now I'll go back to not feeding the trolls. @Christopher Cowler … I totally agree and I am an international backer myself. A lot went wrong with this project and there wasn't much chance to do worse communication with backers and I think an independent security review is necessary. But to me the product is still on track as for this kind of product technology / features are what counts. And the comments in this forum can't be compared with any other project I've backed on kickstarter. @Arnd Layer - Not a troll and I have no intent to "stop". They are offering a "refund" post-delivery (if anything ever is delivered) and I believe based on their conduct to date that they will never honor that offer. It's that simple. Want this troll to "stop"? Have your beloved creator issue a refund and I'll be gone. @Arnd Layer, Although I intend on waiting to see what we finally get, I do understand why International backers would want a refund before shipping. One has only to look at the non refundable costs to understand why it has angered so many. So, let me share the non refundable costs for a UK backer. Initial shipping to the UK $20 Import Duty : £18.50 Return shipping cost : £19.25 Total: £50.25 ($80.40) Arkami are very aware that it makes no sense for international backers to return the item. That's the very reason why the refund is only available AFTER shipping because they won't have to issue one. What would have been fair, would be to offer at least the international backers a refund prior to shipping. @Jon Burke, wow let's not get carried away. I posed my reply because so many of us have been asking over and over again about projected delivery timeline. Where you get "willingness to listen and respond to backers requests and criticism" is beyond me, it's taken me many posts and over 6 direct emails to get one single reply;. I feel all my comments on how Arkami have handled this project to date are valid and remain unchanged, however I do have far more respect for them now they have finally responded. Could the refund trolls please stop. AFAIK, Arkami has announced that you can return your key if you don't like it. Yes, that's post delivery. I'd say you should try it before rejecting it. They have never promised more (afaik). So please stop whining. At least to me it's annoying. It does not contribute to the discussion. @Christopher Cowler, it seems Arkami know what they're doing and what they're talking about. That's why when I want information on what's actually happening, I just wait for them to comment. My experiences backing 40 Kickstarter projects have confirmed to me that comments made by backers regarding the project, are approximately the worst possible source for accurate and reliable information. Arkami have demonstrated both flexibility and a willingness to listen and respond to backer requests and criticisms, and I'm confident they'll come up with a product I can use for the intended purpose. As anyone can read below I have been very critical of Arkami, especially their lack of communication, however after a number of emails and posts, in fact 15min after the post below, I got a reply regarding the most important question we have all been asking... When will the myIDkey ship? Well please see reply received today "Hi Chris, As we now have a better view of the mass production process and are in the final stretches of locking down the industrial design, board layout and software integration, we have set the tentative shipping date to the month of October 2013. We believe in taking a rigorous approach to the release of the product. Steve, The myIDkey Team " So accepting this at face value, I would have to say I was wrong and things would appear to be far more advanced than the last update suggests. Why they are so poor at communication escapes me, but they have now, and I thank them for their reply. @Ben Cooper & @Jon Burke I really applaud your optimism and confidence in this project, I must be missing something? Its hard for me to be optimistic when nearly ever update tell us something else that does not work as expected, even though we were initially told all the R&D had been done. Its also extremely hard to have confidence when the survey was designed to achieve a predetermined result, a money back guarantee is offered with restrictions that are designed so that you never get one, they can find the time to update their website to include new employees but cant find the time to update the form factor even though the website is taking orders for a product that is not available, but worst of all they ignore peoples emails and postings even though we are backers? I have posted many times, I have also sent email messages to Arkami, asking one simple question: WHEN ARE YOU NOW ESTIMATING SHIPMENT OF THE MYIDKEY Total responses from Arkami : ZERO I simply find it hard to have any confidence in a company that has not one but two marketing exec's and can't send a simply reply or even an update detailing the new estimated shipment date. Look forward to a fully baked product when it's ready. +1 Bluethooth HID @Matthew L, the conditions were extraordinary; lifting a fingerprint from a doorknob or a cell phone is nothing like lifting it from a clean, flat, pane of glass. If anyone steals your phone then you can say goodbye to it and anything on it. But that has nothing to do with the security of the myIDkey. If you read the product description of the myIDkey you will find that it is not secured by a fingerprint; it is secured by a compound of protection mechanisms, one of which is a fingerprint. Compounding mechanisms increases the security of the device, which is what two factor authentication is all about. I wouldn't be surprised if this project turned out to be another scam. When will I receive my refund? I'll keep my question simple. When this product be produced and shipped to all the backers? This user's account has been deleted. Hello, I'd like to be refunded please. I agree, the fingerprint is not that important, we'll probably have DNA security technology by the time we see this product. Let's put this project into perspective, since the last update all we now know is that we don't have a finalised form factor, security or Bluetooth, but most of all we have no idea when we will see this part ship. I know I keep posting my concerns about no shipping date but we can't let them simply ignore this. Our money only appears to be paying for the endless number of new employees they want to tell us about. How about one of them actually posts a simple update informing us of the new expected shipping date. +1 Jon to have the facts straights. The fingerprint scanner was cracked under extraordinary conditions. It wasn't simply a matter of taking a photo of a print left on a coffee mug, and then showing it to the phone. 1. A complete fingerprint was deliberately made with care under ideal conditions, on a clean glass surface. This is not reflective of reality; fingerprints are hardly ever complete, and certainly not made with care on prepared surfaces under ideal conditions. 2. The print was then photographed at 2400dpi, and the subsequent image was modified digitally to ensure accuracy. This again is an image prepared carefully under ideal conditions. 3. The hackers knew which phone the fingerprint belonged to. It's all very well them saying you can lift a usable fingerprint from a metal doorknob, but how will you know which fingerprint belongs to which phone? As Arkami has already pointed out, their device is more secure insofar as it is not secured by fingerprint ID; that's simply one of several authentication methods the myIDkey uses, and compounding them increases the level of security considerably. Since someone will need both your tap sequence and an artificial fingerprint, as well as the device itself, the recent security breach does not concern me very much. @Javier E, my comments about the fingerprint reader were largely flippant. I was aware the key can be restored from a desktop app, however I do find it hard to understand why it would see fingerprint swipes as such a security issue, if the reader is as good as we have been told they won't get in via that method regardless of attempts, but desktop app ??? ( that's flippant again). My main point is simply to ask again and again for Arkami to have the respect to answer the one question we all have. WHEN WILL THEY ACTUALLY SHIP THIS PRODUCT ???? Is it really to much to ask??? @Christopher Cowler, I also have some concerns about this project but, to be fair, security measures are not part of them by now. The capability of erasing data after some failed intents is established in the product description from day 1, but I think that Arkami says it's an optional feature, so no problem for you. Moreover, if information is erased, all you have to do is recover it from the desktop app. Anyway, I will activate all the security measures, and despite this, I know that complete security is impossible to achieve. I only hope that security capabilities be at least as projected, if no more. That's enough for me. Much better if also design can be maintained, although at bigger size. Arkami is a joke! This user's account has been deleted. Arkami you guys don't appear to have a clue about customer relations!!! You spend the time to post a detailed comment because the Apple fingerprint reader technology you used as a sales pitch took less than 24 hrs to crack. Would your time have not been best spent posting a descent update that actually contained information; your last update was frankly a joke. That said, could you please just have the respect to simply let your near 4000 backers know the answer to one single question? WHEN ARE YOU LIKELY TO SHIP THIS PRODUCT ????? Oh, and if I understand your comments on the apple issue below; if my 2 year granddaughter gets hold of myidkey and tries to copy what she may have seen me do, after a few attempts it wipes all my data; please tell me Ive misunderstood. For backers who believe this creator will actually issue a refund at any point I wouldn't hold my breathe. They have ignored my refund request for weeks and I don't believe they ever intend to issue one. This user's account has been deleted. @Matthew L look at the positive side, at least now the baddies don't need to cut your finger, a picture would do :-) I was no longer interested in this project. I hope to be a refund soon soon soon. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I suppose this applies to myIDKey as well: Hackers claim to have defeated Apple's Touch ID print sensor <url>"next week", granted they did not say which "next week" and incorrectly I assume that would have been by today at the latest. @David reply that an "in-depth" update is being prepared sounds like bad news is coming, after all how long does it take to send an email saying "it ships in 4-5 weeks". I've stated before I'm losing confidence, was sure it would be delayed and the communication was getting very poor. What makes me laugh about the poor communication is the fact they have a chief marketing officer and a marketing director, surely one of them could find the time to put together a progress update or reply to some of our concerns. Come on Arkami let's have it !!! Currently I am totally relaxed. Yesterday Das Horn arrived, a Kickstarter Project with much more delay and worse communication. About 3 days ago I sent a private msg. Saying a update would be nice. Today I got a reply. "Arkami, Inc. says: Hi David, We are currently creating an in-depth update that will answer all the questions we have been receiving. If you have any direct questions, please feel free to contact us and we will be happy to help. Steve, The myIDkey Team" 1 month till last update is near! Hope for a good, significative and transparent update in 2 days or less! I'm beginning to lose trust in these guys. They have not been up front and transparent as I would have expected. Something stinks!!! The new design is hella ugly and cheap looking. It looks like how you thought a "futuristic pocket hard drive" would look in the 70's it's very dated looking. Making me wait longer for a different/uglier design than I signed up for isn't helping you win any points! I will wait for the original, but do NOT want to wait for you to cheapen the original vision and pad your profits further. If strength is an issue understand that smaller items are harder to break, if X amount of force is applied to my iPhone and it breaks it will take more than double the force to break the keychain size device! If strength is needed use slightly better materials and net the same/better result. To make it smaller the choice is easy; eliminate the male USB A connector and install a female USB micro. Everybody has spare micro cords lying around anyways and it will make sure there is no extra stress put on the port. How much force do you think having it plugged into a computer while hanging there with keys weighing it down will be? The design would essentially turn it into its own lever to easily break the id key and/or the USB port. An update would be nice.. I, like most others, loved the original design. I have many USB sticks designed in a similar fashion and all have held up well. I feel part of their reason on changing the design is to cut down on the number of support calls and tickets they would receive due to the durability of the original design. With the new design, it is stronger and should hold up to more accidents. I have a pair of reading glasses that are very thin and if you don't take care, they will definitely break with ease. Yet, I love the design and wouldn't trade them for a stronger pair. I wish Arkami stuck with the original design and just added a disclaimer. :( Well they have been on including today so they are logging in. I'm guessing checking the comments out but not bothering to say anything.. Classy Update please! What I am a bit disappointed with is the updates to their website. The refer a friend program ended (according to their FAQ) middle of August, Yet they still have all that up like the program is still running. I do understand that you are busy, but the nature of Kickstarter is to keep people informed of your progress. it has almost been a month since we have heard anything. Thanks So, Its halfway September and I haven't heard anything from this project. Does anyone know anything going on? Or are they just bailing out? This user's account has been deleted. A good update would help us settle some of this stuff. I want to know where they are at know. Any new plans and old ones removed. When they plan to start shipping. Any policy info we should know about. @Ben Cooper I understand your point but surely you should understand why so many are upset. My biggest issue is one of trust. If I'm told all product testing is done then its reasonable to assume that's correct. If you offer a money back guarantee why place silly restrictions. If you survey your backers why not give the all the available options. Arkami have handled this project very badly. All they needed to do to defuse all the negative comments was to offer a refund to anyone who no longer wanted the myidkey due to form factor change. If they did that all the complainers (like myself) would no longer be backers and the comments would stop. However the very reason this was most likely not offered is because Arkami fear: 1. The complainers are very likely not the minority 2. They are making a good margin on the shipping and don't want to or cant afford to lose that profit. So like many others I'm forced to wait and see what eventually arrives, however that said I am supremely confident that this weeks promised update will inform us of further delays, delays that I feel were obvious in comments made in their last update. So lets wait and see what the update says but if I'm correct about the delays then expect the negative comments to come thick and fast. Ben Cooper +1. I think that these negative comments are getting a bit out of hand. Yes the design has completely changed, yes I agree that it looks less appealing in comparison to the original but this is what happens with new devices. The main aim of this product is to protect whatever you place onto it, not to act as your next "bit of bling". Arkami are doing things correctly in regards to making this thing the best they can security wise. Option 1) The original design but within reach of the average stay at home determined hacker who wants your data. Option 2) The new (all be it bigger and unwanted) design but out of reach of those hackers without a super computer. I know which sound better to me. Kickstarter is for NEW start ups meaning the product can change, nothing on this site is final as they are not required to "sell" the item as originally advertised. We need to hear more from the minority who have something good to say as well as the bad in order to help them improve. Obviously they thought they were closer to production at the start but it turned out not to be, I get what you're saying. So they are doing what they can now to deliver the product they promised but had to change the shape because of that. At least they offered a few ideas. Design has changed, have they left out features? No. Still manage your password, voice search, fingerprint and a secured USB? Yes. We haven't even seen the final product yet, let's give them a little break here. It's not some conspiracy to screw you over, if they ship a bad product it only hurts them in the end. @Christopher +1, i agree. And i feel we were cheated on the survey of the forms. The form factor 4, which is the one they are planing to use. That form image was enhanced. It looked bigger compared to the others and it was the only one with a backlit text. I think they influenced the results. @ Ben Cooper The problem some of us have with this project is the feeling we have been and are being mislead, summarised as follows: 1. Initial project description clearly stated that "The "Designs" are complete, patents filed, component suppliers selected, all they needed was our support to get it manufactured. Clearly not the case!!! 2. Shape change survey followed classic observation tricks to get the response required. There was no choice similar to the old form factor. Not the most reassuring action. 3. Their website continues to take orders for a product design that is no longer available. Lets agree that one would have expected that issue to have been corrected by now. 4. 30 day money back guarantee that is only available after you have received. So if you are in the USA you will be responsible for the return shipping and if your an international bidder you in for duty and return international shipping. This makes it difficult or financially unviable to return. If they truly cared, as they say they do, why not simply offer customers who no longer want the new design a refund now. So although I can only speak for myself, I feel Arkami have very little credibility left. I have pledged on many other projects and if I know I'm pledging on a concept build I expect issues but that was not the case on this project. I would simply ask anyone who disagrees with me to read the "Risks and challenges" on this project. Then tell me you don't feel like you were mislead into thinking you were pledging on a fully tested product that was ready for mass manufacturing. @David Mortlok Expressing opinion in KS (or Twitter, or FB, etc.) is certainly not to vote, and KS is not a democracy. In the light of the recent leaks about NSA and GCHQ manipulating encryption technologies, I think a re-evaluation of the security design is necessary. Not necessarily in order to re-engineer the product but to know the level of security to expect from the myIDkey. I'd gladly wait another 2 weeks if necessary. I'd also be happy to see this review done by an independent entity. In Germany there is the Chaos Computer Club, that I believe could help. Especially the integration of cloud services is of concern to me. If the evaluation is done in a trustable way, I believe, it could drastically increase the acceptance. The other thing is that I'd like to use it work-related. But this will only be possible, if there is a transparent documentation of how the system works so that our auditors can evaluate the security impact. BTW: I much prefer this device / manufacturer independent approach to Apple-only solutions. I hope I am not alone. So just because Apple has built a fingerprint scanner into their new phone, myIDkey is not dead. In the transition from a working prototype to a shippable product some things have been identified that affects the security of the device and issues arose with getting certification for the bluetooth from what understand. This affected the size, and they are doing what they can keep it as small as possible. Rounding the design will help with this. In any project things crop up that need to be addressed and that's what the're doing. Yes they were hoping to be further along but they make sure the product is secure and usable before they ship. @Marie-Andree Poisson I am not assuming the contrary. I am just counting the votes, just the same as happens in a democracy. On that basis the vast majority are against the changes. It would be cool if they can do an aluminum unibody form. Increase the durability and slimmer design. Maybe that will be myIDkey V.2 @David Mortlock You can't assume the contrary neither While I am one of the folks who was looking forward to the original form factor, I can appreciate the engineering choice outlined in the latest update. Those are cogent criteria and I can understand premise of the design changes were made to increase durability. I look forward to receiving my pair. @Ben Cooper Import duties will certainly make things more complicated but they will have to be paid before I can even see the finished article. Why did it have to be bigger and rounder. Before I backed the project Arkami stated that the design was completed, components had been sourced etc. etc. All they had to do was to pay for the bits and put it together. This has turned out to be significantly distant from the truth. How much bigger than the original design? We don't know because they have not given us the dimensions. The original they were happy to state the size but have not been so forthcoming for the latest design. I am willing to receive the product and decide then if it comes up to expectations but only if I am not left out of pocket if I decide it is not what I originally backed based on Arkami's KS statements. Can Arkami offer me that promise? We will see. If not I will refuse to accept the product when it is delivered and cut my losses. @Marie-Andree Poisson - I think you will find that disatisfaction was expressed by the majority who voiced an opinion. You cannot assume that those who did not express an opinion are satisfied with the changes in the product. Import duties will obviously makes things a little more complicated but why so quick to dismiss a product in which we have not even seen the finished product? Yes it had to be a little bigger and rounder, doesn't appear that big in comparison to old design. Still it won't be until you hold it and play with it till you can really make an informed decision. From my understanding the product is still doing all the neat things that they originally set out to achieve. We all backed a 1.0 product, lets not torch it before it gets off the ground. +1 Ben. Even though insatisfaction was quite apparent here, it was certainly not voiced by the majority of the backers. @Ben Cooper "Arkami have a 30 day money back guarantee if you are not happy with the shipped product" If that money back guarantee does not include import duties, which it will not, then it is a uaeless guarantee for international backers. I see no reason why they cannot let backers cancel delivery and get a refund thereby saving paying import duties. Comments seem to be just going around in circles now. The new design is here to stay, they had to make it as secure as possible. They have put great effort in to making sure of this. Part of their journey taught them things which required changes to be made. While a small percentage feel stongly against the new design, Arkami have a 30 day money back guarantee if you are not happy with the shipped product. You can't keep everyone happy. Trying to do so will ultimately sink a project before it gets anywhere. I would like to thank the team for the hard work they are putting in. You are actually doing something about the password problem and are going to ship an actual product. I'm sure you are looking forward to shipping day as the majority of us backers are. Cheers. Just read the following about Apples iOS 7 update for all iPhones 4 & 5 released that's releasing on Tuesday. The firm has additionally made password manager apps redundant by introducing an encrypted folder that can automatically store multiple account logins and passwords. It can save credit card details using its iCloud storage service, too. Similar to how LastPass works, the software can automatically fill forms with names, addresses and personal details to save time at the checkout, for example. Because these passwords use iCloud, the details can be synced across other iOS 7 devices. That pretty much rules out the need to have a separate item to have the same info on for me anyway. @Dan Stagner Seems Arkami disagrees with you. A company that can not bring themselves to answer direct questions on this forum for days manages to instantly provide a detailed response on the Apple announcement? They obviously could care much, much less about what Apple is doing. @Ed S Apple didn't kill anything. There are plenty of people, my self included that couldn't care less about the newest "iPhone". @ Ken, my point is they are a maximum of 7 weeks from their delivery commitment and still they are unable to show us a working, fully assembled version of the myidkey. I would expect them to be doing extensive testing on production samples and the CEO would be amongst the first people to get his hands on one, if it were available. The fact that he's still walking around with a mock up suggests they do not yet have production samples. If thats the case and you then take into account that most manufacturers would do 2-4 months testing of production samples prior to a full product release; I'm fairly confident that we will soon be notified of further delays. However, if I'm wrong I simply don't understand why they don't do a video update of a finished working unit, surly that would rebuild confidence and reduce the number of refund requests. This user's account has been deleted. In case you're wondering, manufacturing the final case would be the last thing done - since you can't really change that in the event of final design changes. No surprise the president is still carrying around what looks like a mockup. Not a mockup - just no real case out of mfg process yet. @Christopher, LOL Please, I want my refund. This user's account has been deleted. On a serious note, if the shipping date is truly October then post an update showing everyone a fully finished product. You can't tell me you have gone to full production without finished working samples being tested. Come on Arkami, lets have an update Can't see why Arkami would be worried about the new iPhone, its rectangular in shape so according to them no one will be able to get it out of their pocket anyway :-)) Apple hasn't killed this device. Currently there are no APIs to allow 3rd party development (there will be I'm sure). Also you would actually have to own an iPhone and some app that eventually could take advantage of the fingerprint sensor. I like the idea of a purpose built device for security so I look forward to next month. @welshman based on my experience, they are basically ignoring refund requests. To be completely accurate, they advised me that they will "follow up" regarding my refund request. No timeframe given. Based on their most recent post, they also realize Apple just killed their product, especially given the change in size and shape. With the way that this is all going, the refund request route would be the safest bet. Like so many I dislike the new design, however I'm now far more concerned that if the new delivery schedule is trully October, why is it that the CEO is carrying around a 3D printed mock-up of the shape. Surely by this stage there should be finished samples being tested. Think a new update is required fast or the refund requests are just going to gain pace. With iPhone's new Touch ID feature. The myIDkey is no longer needed. At least with the iPhone there is a chance of recovering it when lost or stolen with an app compared to myIDkey. Correction: On Web site, we can see -> Shipping in October I hope old design will be shipping ! No update, no reply on comments, no production information, NOTHING !!! Estimated delivery: Sep 2013 -> Still no production delay or information of you ! All we have is the new web site with old form factory !!! Continu like you do and you will lost ALL of your backers ! They are committed to ignore us 24 hrs a day :-). Our input are no longer needed. Just watch your money go to waste. I see that Arkami are still continuing to log in to Kickstarter on a regular basis. Shame they can't be bothered to provide any responses. @ Jonathan, sounds like they're email responses are just as useless as they're responses on here. They really seem like they couldn't care less. I bet the next email you'll receive from them will be "Your myIDkey has shipped !" I think the crazy part is we are no longer really the backers. Yes we did get the ball rolling and we did a combined almost $500,000 but are you going to listen to us or the company that gave you 1.5 Million. I really wanted to like this I really thought it was cool. I will probably still wait and try it. however now I'm worried will they handle refunds in a timely matter. updates are coming to slow and CS is going down. not as bad as Game stick but they are working on it. @Welshman, I got a response (after 2 weeks): "We are notifying you that we have received your refund request for this project. We will follow up with you regarding your refund." This user's account has been deleted. Looking back on the Form Factor Survey on August 5th. Looks like the survey was rigged. Comparing the form factor from 1 to 5. No. 4 stands out from all of them. It's the only one that has a back-lit Teal colored text. The image of form factor 4 is about 15-20% larger then the rest of the form factor images. Also the form factor 4 is the only one in a different perspective view. Which makes it look more appealing than the other form factors. It's like they wanted form factor 4 to shine out of the rest. As long as they keep getting these multi million dollar sums of money we keep hearing about they're just going to carry on the way they are doing. We need a update and questions answered we have been asking a while. Design, Security honesty is the most important thing. So when you fail you suck it up and you figure it out. You discuss problems in the open. you don't decide and then tell people what you are going to do. lets talk about it Arkami you almost 4,000 people that backed you that means you have 4,000 supporters or or enemy's we can be a part of the down fall. Think about it do you positive reviews on social media or do you want negative reviews a lot is how you treat people IE backers. Has anyone received any responses or even a refund from any of your emails sent to the refund email address (<email>) that Arkami provided? I've just sent my email again but seeing as they completely ignored my previous ones, I wouldn't be surprised if they ignored this one again. I see that they last logged in on the 7th September but didn't provide any responses or answers to any of the comments. They seem to be getting good at that! Add me to the list of those who prefer the original design that we all backed. I am also not quite certain why you cannot scale up the original shape to better fit the new components as that seems to be a fair compromise. And please update your web site. It's ridiculous and completely disingenuous that you are still selling a design that no longer exits. And you also might want to remove the product endorsements. There is just no way that CNET would have said this after viewing the new egg shape. “I hate to use the term “sexy” to describe a gadget, but if the myIDkey isn’t “sexy,” at least it’s “damn fine.” CNET The sad part of all of this is their lack of skills dealing with customers. If they plan on making a living from this business, surely they really have to understand basic customer relations. I understand business management is not one of their expertise as with a lot of these projects, but perhaps they should use some of that 1.8 million to hire someone with business management knowledge. Happy customers are returning customers. So it's pretty clear that the new design is not popular with the majority of your commenting backers. I would estimate 5 to 1 in favor of the old design. What's the response Arkami? "Tough cookies we're doing what we want?" "We've read about 6 people who want the new design so we're sticking with it and sticking it to the rest of the backers?" There's lots of obfuscation going on from you guys, that needs to stop. The "Post-delivery" refund policy is absolute crap and you know it. You've completely changed the design of the product, and in it's form it's not the product that 3,927 people backed. I think it's entirely disingenuous not to issue refunds except under "review." And what about the warranty? What if I put only a thousand pounds on it and it goes, crunch, do I get a refund then? What about all the backers who you've sold this to as a "feature?" The bottom line is that you've taken our money to kickstart your business based on the premise that we would be getting something similar to what you've advertised as an almost finished product. That is clearly not the case. Why do you refuse to address this? Geez @dim3m, what happened to you? Have you been been brainwashed by the MyIDKey security team? ;-) Maybe its not all that bad. If its features out performs the design. It might be worth keeping. And maybe the 3,000psi is a long term feature. This device should last a very long time. Being that it carries a lot of important data. This user's account has been deleted. I was issued a refund mail wish but there is no reply. How do you work? @dim3m: Not sure why your comments were removed. You were just trying to reach niche markets. ;-) Its funny my comments were removed. Thanks kickstarter. It's a shame I now have to get a refund. Project had real potential. Thanks @Marie, Arkami likes to fuel my frustration. Wow @dim3m! In a scatologic mood you are. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. That was an unhelpful response. For me, the new design means its very doubtful that I'd be able to physically use it so the change in size & shape is a big deal to me. The original shape meant that I could put the myIDkey down on a flat surface & use with just one or two fingers without problem. The new shape cannot be put on a flat surface & kept still. During my telephone conversation with one of the Arkami team I mentioned this & went as far as to suggest having a silicone or rubber skin that would provide some extra grip. It could be left on or off depending on the individuals preference. As long as the screen, keys/buttons & finger print reader wasn't covered, this would have made it possible for me to use. Or have the back half of the myIDkey rubber coated with small raised bobbly bits like they have on many USB flash drives. After all, the campaign was to have some cases/sleeves included as part of the stretch goals. That was a couple of weeks ago & I was told that would definitely be looked into but so far there's been no mention of it. It makes you think all of these telephone calls were just to try & talk people round instead of taking any notice or listening to what was said. I'm with @Arnd it's still out for me but I think Arkami should respond and I can understand why people are upset. I think giving all the changes they should respond and explain to people in depth about the design change also about the features such as security, durability and ease of use. that is what matters most to me. I also noticed that on their website still showing old design for per-order. It looks like they like to advertise old design and collect the money and deliver ugly shape. I want my refund. Arkami, please listen to people and issue a refund to whoever needs instead of reading all comments and not responding to single one (about refund).......... Good point, @Arnd Layer, only one thing: I may be wrong, but have only read one comment requesting less security. Most of comments and opinions, including mine, are in the line of maintaining improved security (good job, Arkami), not changing the original design (maybe bigger, maybe not so strong, but much more attractive). @Arkami, think that you have not only to create a good and secure tool, but also you will need to sell the product. Last, I'm NOT gonna request a refund in any case; I think it will be a good product and I support your project, but how if you launch a survey to request your bakers' opinion about this critical point? It would be more accurate and useful that the comments of some of us here, cause not all the bakers enter the forum. Although I liked the look of the original design more, I think the new design also has it's benefits. Most important, it needs to be reliable and offer rich features and high security. I have no problems accepting the modifications. Also I have not ordered a product. I am backing a project. I know there is a risk that it will fail. If I want to order a product, I go to Amazon. I can't understand how anyone today - post-Snowden - can request to sacrifice security for design. The question should be whether, given the latest relevations, the security level is high enough and how the security validation process should be designed. I'd like to see a security evaluation that is public and can be checked by security experts. Maybe invite people like the Chaos Computer Club to do it independently. I feel I don't know enough about the architecture of the cloud - mobile - devices architecture to get an idea how tamper proof it is. I think Arkami is on the right track. I suspect when they mentioned in the video they would be happy to offer refunds on the product after launch they did not expect a bunch of us to go "I'd rather have a refund now". Probably hoping a lot of us won't bother with the cost of return shipping for a refund? Just a delay tactic? Would really love more transparency, including an actual video of an actual prototype in use, even if it is a dev board. Though I'd rather have a refund now.. There's nothing worse than seeing that the profile has been logged in but they haven't replied/responded to any of the comments. During the last update they said one of the things communicated/requested was a more timely response to comments. Nice to see that's been ignored! Looking at the Arkami profile, we know they were logged in yesterday so they must be aware of all these comments. It's disappointing they are not responding to the various concerns and queries. I have not received a reply to my email refund request. Has anyone? Hope they are working hard during last four days reconsidering the original shape and don't have time to visit the forum. ;-) After all, that new size & shape would make for a half decent shovel Maybe they're going for the Ostrich approach. Knowing our luck they'd have already spent the $1.8 million paying for the cost of the redesign! Well dear fellow backers, the good news is that Arkami just got a $ 1.8M funding (based on Techcrunch) so at least they shouldn't run out of cash soon. Maybe that is positive for the backers like me who have requested a refund due to the radical design changes. The bad news is that Arkami is ignoring the steadily growing number of negative comments and also does not answer to e-mails. Looks to me as if they are struggling to come up with a decent solution for the backers which request refunds. I don'like the new look too. More I worry that difficulties required this design change could be so hard to compromise the final result. Please refund. I too would like a refund. The item shown in the video (which is still nonfunctional - something I've asked about before but not received comments on) is not what I wanted to back. It's nearly the size of my phone. I feel like Arkami has bitten off more than they can chew and to misled backers in the viability of their project. And what is the ETA now anyway? I can accept some delay, but I think the progress is far too slow. the new design is terrible and not what i paid for. I would like a refund please. I want my refund pls. I really just want my money back at this point. What's the point of not honoring this now if ill be asking for a refund as soon as I get the unit? Does the new design have a cap as the cover for the USB connector? If so this is a weakness, as eventually all caps in my experience become loose and fall off easily, leaving a bare connector that is vulnerable to damage and looks ugly. Retractable connectors are far better. I hate the egg design. I want either the original design from the front page or a refund. I bet they made the updates backers only to prevent limit backlashes from media... I too am disappointed! I'm curious why most information about this project is being provided via other backers and their conversations with Arkami? With the clear itemization of features, factors influencing evolution of the product, and company decisions (all being posted by backers and NOT Arkami)... It seems they did not take full advantage of the update process to the end that now backers are dissatisfied and posting negative feedback. I feel that Arkami has not been fully upfront and forthright with us backers. Ultimately that is why I, and my coworkers, who were originally very interested in this project, are now wanting nothing to do with it. Most people I know can live with the new shape, even I could. Dishonesty, misdirection, and the sheer hubris demonstrated by Arkami; I want nothing to do with. Refund request sent. I am disappointed that the design got changed compared to the initial design. Personally I don't like the "egg" like shape at all. As refund requests are being ignored I'm going to pursue a chargeback with my CC company. I'd urge anyone else not getting a response to do the same. They are planing to give the refunds after they have shipped all the rewards to those who continue to support them. Why? I dunno. They want to drag us along the process? You guys really suck. I sent at least 4 messages for refund But still no answer or refund. I hope I can get my refund. This user's account has been deleted. Forgot to add, when Arkami were introducing the myIDkey to potential investors before securing the $1.8 million investment did they show them the old design or the new egg shape design? I still feel cheated to some degree, whilst it might not have been done maliciously, as I mentioned in my earlier post I was under the impression the product was ready for production and the only missing element was money from pledgers. I feel my pledge has gone into R&D and not the production of the product as quoted. Why wasn't these concerns about security and boards done earlier, why did Arkami consider the product ready for production before starting the Kickstarter program? The current design is total contrast to the original concept and I respect the reasons why it's adopted the new shape but why wasn't these stress tests and protecting the sensor done earlier? I wouldn't feel cheated if Arkami were transparent at the start and said your pledging for a prototype. I really hope Arkami understand why people are upset and requesting refunds. It's all very well your "improving" the design and compensating its bulk by giving away cables but you've took funding for a product that wasn't ready for production as promised. Arkami also need to address how refunds will work besides mentioning an email address, especially for international backers who will incur customs tax. It's a refund for me. I backed this project for 2 reasons. It's features and its form factor. You guys did a great job on the features. But redesign of the whole form factor killed it for me. The original was a soothing design for me, the straight and flat edges. This flat egg shape has little appealing to me. Even if this flat egg design increases the durability, there are other was to incorporate the structure of its shape in to the original shape. This flat egg shape is a shape of a zero, which is a 0 support for me. I would like my refund. Its bad enough you have let down some of the backers, but don't let us wait for our refund after you have shipped to those who continue to support you. I would appreciate to end my support and forget this project. Refund please as soon as u can. I like the technology upgrades you have done to the MyIDkey. While I would have liked it smaller, in the comparisons it doesn't look significantly larger and for me the technology upgrades make that OK. I am concerned about access adjacent ports so I would suggest throwing in an short USB extension cable to resolve that issue. A split ring for the key ring hole would also be welcome. I think the shape looks more mysterious, little more wow factor and less utilitarian. Can't wait to get both of mine. I can see both sides here.. whilst i am a little annoyed with the huge changes.. i can understand why they need to be done. for me i am past the point of caring about the design now and more want to see what it can now do, I personally don't want the refund. I saw that but kind of stupid wasting money and time in shipping don't u think ? @Marc- taken from recent update: "As mentioned in our last video we will have a plan to process returns after shipment. All refund requests need to be sent to <email> for review." Ok how do we get the refund now ? I'd also like a refund please. the design has change night and day . you had a work of art before and now, i dont know what you have. But i am sure that i dont want it. I'd also like a refund please, the design has changed and it looks horrid. you're also going to have to completely redo your website your website and update it. Could you stop promissing an updade "today" and not delivering it please! Unless it's for very good news. I still want a refund if the design is not the promised design I pledged for. Arkami is just stalling because they know most of us are going to be wanting a refund due to the problem that the device they want to build is no longer the one we backed (form factor wise) And the proposed "fix" for the devices it lifts or now covers other ports is an extension cable, are you kidding me? I'm still looking forward for a refund if the design does not change. I agree with most posting on here.... it's now too big to be portable... I wanted this for a key chain (similar in size to a USB drive). This is huge. I'm really disappointed with the design. It's no longer convenient. Like others have said... when I backed, the design was set, and suppliers chosen. Not sure what happened Arkami, but you've really disappointed backers. So..... No update then. How surprising. Still 2:15 hrs for the today update. If the device has not the old size which I pledged for I'm seeking a refund, apparently I haven't got any answer to my message I have send last week. Thanks ! Update today? all I want at this point is to find out how to get a refund... I too am not a fan of the cloud storage approach on my data, When I am traveling in areas that has no Wi-Fi or Internet connection How will I get my data. Second and of the same importance, The size issue is extremely important it was anticipated to be something that would fit easily on my key ring in my pocket and easily slip into a USB port with additional ports being utilized for other Items. I am too many cables that I carry around now I don't want anymore @creator Thanks for a response. I will be looking forward to your update with bated breath. U r not alone! Refund please! I don't like the new design, I want to refund, please. @Dave: The poll was rigged. Imagine going to vote on election day and finding that the Republican candidate you planned to vote for was gone and there were now only Democratic choices(or vice versa). You don't like any of the choices, but are decide to pick the lesser of several listed evils. That is what the poll was like since they did not have an option to vote for sticking with the original design. Well they ran a poll and that was the clear winner so I'm willing to wait for the actual product. then again I'm guilty of being one of the ones that voted for it. I am certainly hoping for some communication from Arkami very soon. It is not good that they are not responding to what is, almost universal, criticism of their latest version of myIDkey (or maybe myIDbrick) The more I stew on this the more aggravated I become. I feel as though I have been tricked into supporting this piece of junk. You people violated my trust by not fulfilling your promise. What we pledged for was small and looked nice. What we are getting is too large to bother carrying around, especially since password apps for smart phones are more convenient than that ugly thing. If you people send me that thing in the demo, I'm definitely going to be telling everyone about what you people did. Everyone I know is going to know that you can't be trusted to keep your word. I agree too please give us the option for the refund. Great post Turabi, totally agree. I just want to quote the following passage, taken straight from the main page for myIDkey on kickstarter: "When can I get a device? The "Designs" are complete, patents filed, component suppliers selected, the manufacturing process is defined, the CM chosen so all we need is your support in this project as we size the first myIDkey production run and ship product in September 2013. Please make a pledge and receive your myIDkey!" Cherry-pick couple of important words: - "Designs complete" - "component suppliers selected" - "the manufacturing process is defined" I am sorry if I repeated some of that but just want to drive something home: when I pledged I was under the impression the "design" was complete because the component supplier was selected and that it was ready for production as the manufacturing process was defined and the only missing link was cash... So why I am now being sent a brick in October instead of September. I truly respect where the teams coming from, I am neither a serial entrepreneur or tech design guy, I understand Kickstarter isn't a shop and i don't have mug written across my forehead. I pledged as I took benefit of doubt and thought the design shown was what I'd receive. Transparency seems to be a key element missing from some of the kickstarter projects. The passage I quoted clearly shouldn't have been included on the main page. Anyhow, i don't want to sound like a troll or writing a Jackanory story here, it would be extremely kind if a refund option is given to pledgers under the circumstances before many are hit with custom charges etc. for an unwanted product. Yet, I guess I am a mug to think i'd receive a refund when most of the money we've pledged has gone into redesigning the thing. Big dislike ! It's way to big! I out, this is not what was planed in design from u guys. This has the size of my small Logitech mouse! My feelings are going along with a lot of the comments here. This is not what I originally backed and not what I was expecting. I hope we can get back on track or this will end up at the back of my drawer and never get used. By the time I get hit with having to pay for that cable to be able to connect it, then get hit with customs charges & then the money it'll cost to send it back, the refund won't cover any of these extra charges. Do us all a favour Arkami & let us cancel BEFORE you ship them out! This thing has gone from being slightly bigger than a USB Flash Drive (whilst still being easily transportable) to now being damn close to the size of a mouse. Heck why not add a couple of buttons & an optical sensor & make it into a mouse! It certainly won't fit on my keyring anymore & I wouldn't class it as being compact, huge yes. As it looks right now I'm going to need 2 empty USB Ports in order to be able to get this oversized contraption anywhere near. Seeing as they mentioned in the video about the size issue problem & overcoming it by using a cable, surely they should cover the cost of said cable? They've made the changes some against backers wishes & with this final product being so very different in size & design I don't think its fair to ask backers for more money to try & overcome/fix a problem of your making! Seeing as they seem to like surveys so much why not do another survey now & ask how many backers want a refund now without even being sent the final product? I also think a name change is in order as this is no longer myIDkey but theirIDbrick! Do they have to give all those awards back that they won what with this now being nothing like it was going to be? A definite case of Too Many Cooks Spoil The Broth! On the website it still shows the cool original design on the pre-order page. Maybe I should order one in hope for original size, design and formfactor... Wow! what a sleek design that was. With loads of designaward winning potential. Now it looks like ma banks passcode generator - only 5 times larger! That is a No Go for me. Maybe I should just get my money back before you change the design again to something even worse like a giant ****, oh wait you already have..... The Flat Egg design is the deal breaker for me. I'm looking forward for a refund. Arkami... HOW DO YOU WITHDRAW FROM BEING A BACKER NOW? As stated in both this thread and the comments in each of your most recent updates, where you clearly identify that you aren't going to listen to us concerning the flaws in your design and your unwillingness to realize that your industrial designer(s) deliver something more desirable, this is such a serious departure from what was promised that I also do not want to wait to get this thing shipped and have to return it. Many have spoken, and you clearly aren't listening. I am not happy that you totally ignore your initial campaign. Bryan is right to point this out! According to your initial campaign the ..."dimensions of the key are L 78 mm x W 24 x H 12 mm". I want this or you can immediately put me on the 30-day-refund. Please do not send it out to me, customs will be a nightmare to send it back. Contact me for the refund. This is starting to feel like a "bait-and-switch" at best and poor stall tactics at worst. After re-reading the original campaign page and reading through all the FAQ's' like this: <url>#project_faq_48318. Wherein the design team & mechanical engineers believed "best way to protect the device, not materially increase the size or weight, not create a weakness in the design but have a sleeve that protects the fingerprint reader and locks into place." All of this backed by "research and practical experience from our Contact Manufacturer." My how we've come far from that statement. Added features are nice, NOT WHAT I PLEDGED FOR. I will gladly trade the features I did not pledge for to receive only what I did in fact pledge for- this includes design and sleeve! Want to make it round and more sturdy- modify the protective sleeve to encompass those features... Let me worry about how I store and transport the device and the potential hazards. 2 reasons why people chose form factor 4: 1) it looks better then the rest of the forms (even though most people would prefer the original form factor) 2) the different color brighter LCD attracted them Actually all for the designs are nice looking, but have one major problem. They will block access to any adjacent ports. I'd rather have a larger version of the original design than any of the 5 posted redesigns. Hello, If I don't want to use your cloud-solution, for backing up my passwords, can I export all passwords from the device in a csv-file and encrypt it manually with Truecrypt? Maybe it is safer! Thanks! Hard to know best design without hands-on. Re:delay till October, take your time, do a good job! Thanks. Hard to choose a design when there is no dimensions to compare. Also would be good too know something of the durability of each design. A few comments comparing size, ie thinest, longest, most durable etc might be helpful. Or even the advantages of each design would be helpful. Nice to be offered an opinion but without tough and feel ability this might have been best done by your staff. Vern Any thought to having lost and found options, maybe if it is plugged in it could phone home or display message on screen. Or each one have a unique serial # on back and your website info to get a free shipping label to allow key to be reunited with owner? That would be an extra selling point at retail or additional pay option. Thanks for the explanation. That cleared it up. It can still be used as a "flash drive", just a different way to manage the file transfers. Long day at work and just didn't read the context correctly from the comments. So I am confused. If I can't use the device as a mass storage device drive, what use is the 16GB upgrade? First off, I've use password managers now storing hundreds of credentials and wouldn't make a dent in the original 2GB. Second, With the cloud solution I would need to depend on having an internet connection to reach my "secure" files in the cloud. I think the secure part about your decision not to use the storage shouldn't be an issue as who would be plugging something in with all of your password data or entering credentials to a secure cloud into an unknown/public computer to start. I mean, I know you are using the HS 2.0, but curious if you have real world read/write speeds as yet. If not, when you get there. I did a little searching and didn't see anything about expected read and write speeds. Do you have those details now that the design is further along? Got it. Thx for the detailed reply. OK, sure, maybe not as easy as a drive letter, but secure is what I want, and it's fairly easy for the method you are doing. Public cloud ? Uhmmm! On storing files, one of the features I had liked was secured files, though, I had the impression that this would be accessible from the computer. I read below that it will not be usable for mass storage (drive letter), then how would you get files on the MyID? Or for that matter, get them off? Hi, I use ROBOFORM in my computer (Windows 7) and in my smartphone Samsung Android 4.12, do you have plans to have a sotfware to migrate all my loggins and passwords from Roboform to myIDKey. Regards Re. history feature: As many companies implement password rules that do not allow the reuse of old passwords, the history features would be helpful in creating the next one. Especially if you don't want to use random passwords. Btw, can the random password generator be configured to adhere password rules like number of characters, character groups (e.g. must contain lower and upper case and a number) etc. ? Would it be possible to create a rolling password on your email so the device changes the password every time you login? The would be a great feature! A history feature would also be helpful - e.g. if you need to access to backups of virtual machines. Much prefer Good news + Bad news = Transparency So it's a case of no news = good news. Some comments and responses in here would be great. Regular updates are nice, but conversation are even better! Some comments and responses in here would be great. Regular updates are nice, but conversation are even better! This question has become much more important in the last weeks. Will I be able to use the MyIDkey to securely store private keys for encryption / signing. What are your ideas / concepts in this area? Waht about putting TANs on the MyIDkey and marking them as used? Guys I've invested in SPLASHID from way back both on my mac and iphone - will this be compatible? Hopefully you'll cover this in today's update, but - How come the unit at ceweek was nonfunctional? What's the state of prototype functionality? Are we missing the September delivery? When are you planning to have final specs for hardware and software? There are a lot of ideas floating around, but they are not cristalized yet. Hey Leo, Obviously, I can't speak for Arkami or their plans, but that's partly why I was interested in HID. I recently learned about BTProximity, not USB, but if you have bluetooth or can get a cheap dongle it'll work the same. You can have it logout when you walk away. Though with the myidkey I guess it'd be better not using it that way (to prevent it being kept in standby). There are others for mac/linux too. This user's account has been deleted. Just wondering if you will send some type of confirmation that you received our shipping info. I submitted mine, but don't have a confirmation from it yet. Hi, when I choose Canada in the shipping details, I get a warning "When you selected this reward, you indicated that it should ship within the US. There were additional costs to ship this reward outside of the US. After submitting the survey, please contact the project creator to discuss shipping options.". Is that OK? Hi, is there any list of programs compatible with the MyIDkey? I need to buy a new password lock after changing to Mac and have no idea which program to choose. Some of them are awfully expensive and I would not want to invest into a software without future with MyIDkey. I hope you can send som info on this. Klaus 1+ what Jonathan and Todd said if you're able to pull it off you will be way ahead of your competition.. I supposed will get an update today? That's too bad, one of the biggest complaints I have about 1password and other password vaults is that I have to open the vault app, copy the password into the clipboard, then switch back to the app I want to log in to (I'm looking at you, amazon mobile) and paste the password. Looks like we'll be turning to Cydia for this capability once the SDK is released :) That said, it's unfortunate the functionality is absent given the ease with which it could be done with generic HID. Todd has made me think of an almost identical question. Will the device be able to connect as a HID via USB? The page mentions a browser plugin, personally I'd rather avoid that. Thanks. Sorry for the repost but I am curious about the devices interoperability: Will the myidkey's bluetooth be able to connect as a generic HID so that we can have it push passwords into any app on any device (this would be especially useful on mobile devices), or will password push only work with a special myidkey app? Maybe you need to employ someone to answer your Backers queries as many questions go unanswered. So I will now ask again for the third time: Is it possible to adjust the brightness of the OLED display and also the duration of the information shown on the display? WE should have another update in next few days. Hopefully it will provide some good info you are still almost 6 months from expected delivery. I've backed about 50 projects about 70% of them go longer than the estimated delivery date. So far only one project I've backed did not deliver at all that was a salsa lol. @Turabi There was an update (kind of) on April 15, but I agree with you that communication is not their forte at all. They should provide more detail updates, and pass some time in the comments section. Go see what good projects do in that respect. For exemple: - <url>"Monday" which was 14 days ago at the time of this post and further updates twice a month but nothing yet. I thought the Pebble team were bad at updating people. Fingers crossed for the future of this project... @Alan - a feeling... @Beagle not sure why you would say this seeing as the product is not promised until September of this year? Another project wildly over promised and woefully under (or never!) delivered I fear... I agree with Kumar and Michael. Build and deliver the product as advertised. Upgrade later. Will the myidkey's bluetooth be able to connect as a generic HID so that we can have it push passwords into any app on any device (this would be especially useful on mobile devices), or will password push only work with a special myidkey app? I agree to Michael. Please we do not need super duper key. We just need the key with the promised features delivering on time and other features can be upgrade at a later time. Starting to see application creep here with all your "meetings." I get it, you want to grow the business, as evidenced by all the new people you have joined the company. Great that your thinking ahead, but I just want a simple password vault, that can store my passwords securely, SEPARATE from my computer/phone.Kinda a personal two factor authentication. Everything else is gravy, and I would probably be interested in upgrading later to a better product with more features. But I just want what you advertised. ON TIME. Simple usually is better. Thanks This user's account has been deleted. Is it possible to adjust the brightness of the OLED display and also the duration of the information shown on the display? So, something new? @Ralp Do you mean you'd need to use both a myIDkey and aYubiKey for authorization? I was hoping the myIDkey might be able to replace the YubiKey as an OTP provider. The FAQ actually mentioned something about that. Typo in the FAQ by the way, HTOP should be HOTP. HMAC-based One Time Password algorithm right? Other OATH standards might be worth looking into as well. If you have a different idea though, I'm interested. More security is always better :) This user's account has been deleted. I just had a great idea -what if myIDkey's fingerprint sensor could be used to logon to Windows accounts? My mother has an inbuilt fingerprint sensor in her computer and it's very useful and adds another layer of security to her computer. She has very difficult passwords, but she doesn't have to input them because of the fingerprint sensor. I would consider it YET another layer of security if the fingerprint sensor was removable!! Is it possible to adjust the brightness of the OLED display? Keep up the good work! Was reading about <url>"Name of your first pet Brother in law Number of cars you owned Birth date of Billy" This means that the user should be able to scroll down to display up to xx lines of text. Is it planned already? Thanks @Matthew L While having physical access does increase the number of possible attacks and "ease" in terms of the effectiveness, a wireless attack can be done somewhat anonymously and therefore increases the probably someone will use that vector. I also agree that the BT technology today is very secure, the faults typically lie within the device's implementation of BT and the incidents which lead to people being wary of BT technology with the stolen celebrity phone books back in the mid 2000s. Yes indeed I don't have FaceBook so how about a Google + page? Just realized I changed backing level but didn't change dollar amount..... Oh we'll cant wait to get this. Congrats! Can't wait to see how the product grows. Looking forward to updates on the journey! Congratulations ;) Congrats! Can't wait until September! I will not commit since lastpass integration was never announced. My Lastpass is already mobile and already meets all my password management needs. Good luck to you all. KS This user's account has been deleted. @Chuck Very interesting Clearly password management is a universal issue, check out this video <url>"Man" is relaying the content in order to eavesdrop and/or inject data into the stream. This would require an intimate knowledge of the myIDKey architecture. 4) Message Modification - See MitM 5) Resource Misappropriation - Not an issue, this is dealing with the actual architecture of BT and how it relates to the two devices communicating. If the implementation of BT is that you install an app on your Android/iOS device and then from the myIDkey it simply permits that application to be accessed then the only thing that a "hacker" could do would be listen for that handshake between the two devices. However, I assume they will use a rolling encryption key so this wouldn't be an issue either. I am sure there will be options to choose more/less secure configuration of the myIDkey as has been mentioned with the tap/finger print scan options. In reading this: "While Bluetooth has its benefits, it is susceptible to denial-of-service attacks, eavesdropping, man-in-the-middle attacks, message modification, and resource misappropriation.", Not sure I want to transfer them that way. But I'm not an expert on this I'd love the myIDkey to be able to send passwords to a bluetooth paired devices by acting as a keyboard. I'd be able to use it with any app on my iPhone and it would save a lot of switching between apps. @Arkami, Inc. I'm very glad we achived the $400k goal. As a backer I would like to be keept up to date by the company I support. Comparing to other Kickstarterprojects, the relatively rare Updates & comments concerning the pledgestate, including your comment about 300% gives a little kind of wrong impression. If there would be the possibility to improve this already fine product, or to achive the 300%, give the backers an impulse to spend more money. Thank you @Nima: They say in the posting to select the US option if your address is in Canada. First question in the FAQ at the bottom of the page: No. We decided to deliver to USA and Canada and include free shipping. Our Canadian backers need to select USA delivery on the payment screen so they are not assessed an international delivery fee. We will confirm delivery addresses at the end of the campaign to ensure the orders get to the correct place :) I did not see this anywhere, but what is the plan for after one swipes thier finger, when does the device lock back up for access by computer, or when does the screen stop displaying the info. I would assume it's user configurable? I think this is a great device for my wife, as she usually can't remember what password she used. But another plus is the secured data, as a teacher, she moves her files between home and work. Having an encrypted drive, so the data can't be stolen and invalidating all her tests and quizes is a concern of hers. But if she unlocked it, plugged it in, and forgot to lock it back up...not really a benifit, unless it locks up after a period of time....or better yet, a period of time with no activity. So she could use if for 4 hours straight if she accessed it every 10min, but lock up 15min after not using it....assuming user setable. I live in Canada, and selected the appropriate shipping option. but it is still charging me $20 shipping fee. Can this be fixed or am I forced to pay the shipping.. I remember you guys mentioned free shipping to US and Canada, that doesnt seem to jive with what is actually happening. Disappointing.. @Arkami: No problems, understand about the micro USB. Hopefully a 2.0 edition with micro USB at some stage? :-) Still pretty excited about it, can't wait till we get the myIDkeys. 450 or 500K stretch goal....come on....something As much as I regret it, I have to give up my pledge right now - so one Early Adopter slot open for the quick one. Best of luck, Arkami. Hope to see you kickstarting again in the future :-) Sorry if this has been asked previously (Kickstarter doesn't have a good comment search function, and Google turned up nothing when I searched), but does the project either currently support Linux or have plans to support Linux? Thanks! As we already pass the $400k goal. Is it possible to get extra free sleeve in other color like u show on Facebook? Blue, Pink, Orange? If not, how much r u guys going to sell it for retail price? Is kickstarter backers going to get extra discount if we are thinking of buying it? Thank u. Thanks to the devs for commenting on the USB debate. It really should stay as is - from a design point of view, this is what we backed and is ideal for many. From a functionality point of view nothing changes if they derail the process with massive design changes now. Can i pledge two for ($79*2) + $30 (shipping) = $188 as i am an Early Early Bird Special?? Or i have to pledge $79 + $99 + $30 = $208? Thanks!!!! 450k strech goal?? Actually I like the idea that the USB stick has a micro USB connector and an adapter with a tiny female to male adapter, that locks in place in an easy way so if one uses mainly large USB they would leave the adapter on and it would not come off by itself. And +1 for KeePass sync. Folks, I've decided that I need to cancel my pledge. Nothing against the product or Arkami. I wish everyone the best of luck. Note, I'm freeing up an EARLY EARLY BIRD SPECIAL so grab it quick. Again, best of luck to Arkami and all the backers. I'd like to see another upgrade to the memory. We can make fund more. Personally, I'm good with the design as is. Improvements could always be made, but this is kickstarter. Besides, that's what MyIDkey2.0 is for.... Hi, can you elaborate about the security of the Secure Cloud Server? That is the only thing that makes me uncomfortable since I only read that data is stored on leading cloud hosts and following "best practices". Is it safe to say that if somehow the cloud server is hacked, can any of that data be cracked/brute forced? Or will only the USB stick be able to use it? Normally I would feel comfortable just doing passwords similarly to password managers, but I've read stories where those password manager get possibly hacked(lastpass). But if I go further and add checking account numbers, social, etc.....it gets a little scary. I guess if something gets cracked on the web server, what implications and plans are currently planned to mitigate damage? On a side note, the usb device looks phenomenal and looks secure as can be with fingerprinting and syncing encrypted messages over to new keys. There are multiple ways the concerns of durability can be fixed by simple software updates. First to come to mind is you swipe and tap before inserting into PC, second would be swipe then insert and have the software use the keyboard to enter the tap sequence for final security. Can you explain how the device operates when plugged in to a laptop? How do you swipe and do the tap sequence? Thank Arkami for not wavering in the face of fierce debate. I pledged for a male usb device and that is what I want. I would enjoy a well thought out option for micro usb, such as a micro to male usb adaptor, but if it compromises the design, I don't want it. @Arkami, another question: what about these technical white papers that you promised? I hope you will release it before the end of the campaign. @Arkami, congratulations for your achieved stretch goal. Could you consider the integration/compatibility with KeePass? Thanks for the clarification, looking forward to Sept. There is no mention of micro USB here or on their site. Totally fine with me, personally. I'm one of the backers who has written my support for micro USB in this comment page. But to be honest, I'm not sure if a choice between micro and regular USB was ever officially floated by Arkami or if it was just a backer's stretch goal proposal that exploded into a religious debate among the other backers. I backed the project based on the design that includes the integrated male USB connector. I won't be disappointed if that's exactly what the myIDkey looks like when I get it. This user's account has been deleted. Micro USB FTW! I personally have no interest in micro USB. I backed the project because I liked the design as is, and do not want to have to carry a cable to use it with my PC's. Both would be awesome if possible. I'm hoping for choice or some 'magic design wizardry' that keeps everyone happy. There are good reasons for both options. Can't wait for the final campaign update! Ben, Thanks for your clarification! that I agree with if we go female Micro usb only I think I'm out! that is a major change that the only other option would be giving people a choice but that could be too costly. @Arkami, can we please get a clarification on whether you are planning on going with the male USB or the female micro USB. For some of us this is a deciding factor. With only 3 days left, it would be great to get this answered ASAP ! Thanks. If we get too 500K can we get 32GB? Just kidding guys I'm very happy with 16GB with all these features congrats on a successful campagne. @Kumar: As Arkami have confirmed you get 2 sleeves with every myIDkey. So if you have pledged $79 or $99 for 1 myIDkey you get 2 sleeves (1x Pearl & 1 x Onyx). Arkami, I thought we already all are getting 2 sleeves in accordance to an earlier comments(3rd page after this comment) from you and Jonathan also mentioned the same. Please clarify me as I am unable to understand your free offering. So even if we pledged at the $79 level we will be getting 2 sleeves now? BT4 BLE is next goal, right? ARKAMI, Please more stretch goals?...like extra myIDKey at $450K ....LOL WOW $400K reached with 3 days left! ARKAMI, Please more stretch goals?...like extra myIDKey...LOL.. $400K goal reached Wooo Hoooo! Awesome, we did it 400K!!! Congratulations on hitting $400k Arkami! Cut the cord please! I want my Male USB. I will be using the 16gb USB a lot to transfer big files and I don't want to be bringing a wired cable with me when I do. :/ One more stretch goal! :) WHOOOO! 400k! I would pledge for more keys now if I had the money... Hi guys - was browsing Kickstarter site and saw your project. What a great idea ! Happy to be part of this and help push you over the $400k stretch target. Cheers, Steven Congrats on $400k !!! $691!! 7 more!! Well, we should pass the 400K! 16 GB for us :-) @VerbalKint Lastpass integration would be awesome. Looks like Arkami would need to confirm that one, reading the pledge level of $79 it clearly states you only get the onyx sleeve. Actually, according to Arkami: "Yes, the rewards (myIDkey plus sleeves) are the same for $79 and $99 pledge levels? The first 750 backers on the project were offered the $79 price. Current backers are able to select the reward at the $99 price point (1 myIDkey plus sleeves) or buy multiple myIDkey's at the other pledge levels." I understood that as early birds getting both sleeves as well. @Marcelo: Yes, just the special edition onyx sleeve. Early bird only gets one sleeve?? only 5 days left and no word on lastpass integration? c'mon Arkami, lastpass is a MUST for me @sokeang: They are only launching with black and white, you wont be able to change it. I'm sure you will be able to buy a different sleeve color at a later stage. @Paul: Only the $79 Early Bird Special misses out on the second sleeve. All other levels get both. Thank arkami, I want to ask few more question. About the third color that u guys let us backers vote for the color, can we chose one of that color for one of the sleeve? Thx u. I hope what I said make sense p Thank arkami, I want to ask few more question. About the third color that u guys let us backers vote for the color, can we chose one of that color for one of the sleeve? Thx u. I hope what I said make sense Foe all pledge levels, is each myIDKey getting 1x KS Onyx and 1x Pearl sleeve? (too much wording listed and being confused) Folks, an early bird spot has freed up if anyone is interested... I have question. If I pledge the platinum, am I going to get 2 myidkey, 2 onyx and 2 pearl white sleeve? Or am I going to get 2 myidkey , 1 onyx and 1 pearl white sleeve? Thank u and hope to hear from u guys ASAP. Great project for people like me who keep forgetting password. Looking forward to this reaching $400K+ and all of us getting the 16GB myIDkey! KickTraq is showing a trend towards $490k+ = Woohoo! <url>"caps" ... I lose them all the time... Micro USB female with a short adapter cable- I have a gazillion "standard" USB-Micro USB cables everywhere so I can charge/connect my Android phone and accessories - it's become pretty standard for *most* portable consumer electronic devices to use microUSB to charge/connect - I'd rather have the smaller form factor and less "breakage" possibility. @Ben Cooper True, but you do have the option of plugging it in and letting it charge for a bit if you don't have a cable on hand. I don't expect it to be longer than a minute, maybe less, until it can power itself for a few seconds, but we'll have to see. I personally don't expect to be running into battery issues, if I have a male usb I have an opportunity to charge it multiple times a day (when I'm near a desktop or laptop), with a micro usb at least once a day (when I charge my phone). Also, my phone charger has a female USB connection to put a usb to micro usb cable in, so I'd be able to charge the device using my phone charger either way. Which, for me, leaves the durability argument, which is quite valid. @Matthew Brook As it is right now, the sleeve covers the screen and fingerprint reader so you'd have to take the device out of the sleeve if you want to use it. While it does offer the option to charge the device with a usb micro cable I don't think it's very practical. @Arkami You said you considered the option of using micro usb as well, what is the reason for still going with male usb, for the initial design at least? @Rescla: If the battery is drained it will cause an issue as you need to get sufficient charge before you are able to disconnect, unlock the device then plug it back in . You could just use a USB extension cable, that way it can still rest on a table. It should also be possible to take out the myIDkey, unlock it and put it back in if you don't have a cable with you. With a USB male you can still use the myIDkey on a device with a female USB connection but no bluetooth without the need of a cable. @Vit: Plus you can still hold it and interact with it while still connected via cable. @Thomas Hogan: Easily, it will rest on table - because of cable, not in the air like when plugged in through USB, Is there anyway, seeing as the protective cap locks into the male USB, that the protective cap could become the male to female adapter. That way the cap serves 2 purposes. It may not solve all the issues people have but it may put a few to rest. Updates.... "The tap sequence would be dangerous while connected as this will damage the device." = why a female micro usb would be better... How would unlocking the device with a 'tap sequence' work in its current configuration when plugged into a laptop? The tap sequence would be dangerous while connected as this will damage the device. I just like females, so I vote female ?!? Quick run down on the USB debate: For A Male: Easily used as a thumb drive and requires no additional cables. For Micro Female: Primary purpose password keeper, keeps it smaller, less chance of damage to USB. There is no clear preferred option at this stage and it does not look like there will be. Be nice if there was a way to do both while keeping it durable eg some sort of clip on USB male connector. If it ends up staying the same please make sure the male connector is as durable as you can as it will be knocked around a bit. I vote standard usb I can always go female to micro if I need but I don't want to have to carry a micro usb cable around. A comment on USB durability, I think USB male and micro USB female would be comparable. The reason for this is that 'full-size' usb has the leaf spring in the female part (not on the myIDkey) and micro usb has the leaf spring in the male part (not on the myIDkey either). The only difference would be plating difference, regular USB2.0 connectors have flash plating which is rated at around 1,500 mating cycles, while the USB3.0 variant has 30µ” gold plating which is rated at 10,000 mating cycles. Source: <url>"up"" my pledge This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. +1 more for MICRO FEMALE USB. The smaller the better! I like to keep a small number of keys (1 front door house,1 back door house, 1car key, and 1 car door remote). I dont add usbs to my keychain for this reason, but if myIDkey is kept small, I will definately add it. AuthenTec says that his products are no longer available. Any impact in this project? <url>"snap into" being more than a figure of speech in my mind. If the myIDkey had indentations on the end that the adapter could truly snap into, the stress on the micro usb connection would be reduced. How about the best of both worlds? Have a micro USB female actually on the device, and then have a snap on micro USB female to USB male adapter that can you attach with it. That way you have both options. Also, if the adapter gets damaged, it can be replaced without having to replace the entire unit. I'm kind of lost to why so many would want a micro USB connection. This is essentially a USB flash drive. How many USB flash drives have a micro USB connection? I think there's a reason why the answer is "not many". Regular Male USB for me thanks. For one, the sleeve is documented as fitting on to the male USB connection which means the sleeve is probably more secure doing that then it would be trying to latch on to the small micro USB socket? Two, I agree with others that I don't necessarily want to be carrying an extra wire around with me all the time. Sure, I have loads of those cables for a multitude of Android phones etc. but I tend to leave them all hanging out of a multi-USB wall plug at home and I won't have them hanging off my key-chain alongside the myIDkey ready for use if/when I want to plug it into a PC somewhere. Three, Bluetooth is everywhere but try telling Microsoft's Windows Server 2012 that. NO Bluetooth support at all there so most of my PCs will be USB only and I am somewhat interested in the possibility of using the myIDkey to do computer unlocks (if that comes to fruition) without, again, needing to keep transplanting an extra wire. 'Chunky' USB for me then please. As an IT professional and someone who has recommended this product to all my clients I think a female micro usb port is the way to go. the Device is much sleeker, and less prone to damage with the micro usb. considering every laptop i own has BT, I personally would rather have micro. (also it seems in my house, i have more microusb chargers than any other charger +1 Micro female USB connection Standard USB please! If this ever gets any kind of mac/pc unlocking ability I just want to unplug and go not faff about with cables. Care to explain why micro usb = crappy when every single non-apple phone in the world seems to be doing great with it? Micro-USB is so crappy... Stay with USB as you are ! +1 Micro female USB connection With Bluetooth pretty ubiquitous at this point I vote for the female micro USB. I'd vote to leave it the way it is now (Male USB). I want to have this item do both what it's meant, but also be a quick storage device (especially if it ends up being 16GB) without having to carry an adapter/cable with me. There are micro Bluetooth dongle's with built-in USB connectors. I have seen them retail for $.99. One could easily be included with this unit. +1 for Micro female USB connection. myIDkey Backers take a look at this interesting Ube WiFi Connected Smart Light Dimmer project <url>"standard" adaptor supplied with the myIDkey. Then all get what they want -my two cents, Klaus male usb definitely, would be a pain to bring a cable all the time you need to use it at a computer... how about a male usb and and miniusb input if that is technical feasible I also agree, stick with the male USB. You can pick up a micro usb otg to usb adaptor cable for a buck or two if you wanted to use it with your phone. I have one for mine when I want to use my flash drive with my phone which is rare. I say stick with the male USB A. I don't want to have to carry a cable around with me for day to day use. it kind of negates the simplicity of the device. Between the two, micro USB definitely! I really have to give it to Arkami - there are tons of questions and they answer every single one. Mockup of a myIDkey with female micro USB: <url>~3mm thick. I think the current design is perfect. Less moving parts means fewer chances to break. Perhaps instead of a retractable USB connector, you can use a folding type of a connector? 1. "Our first version for voice search will be English language based. We will be adding additional languages in future versions releases." Can early backers do F/W upgrade to get this additional languages support? 2. Are the rewards the same for $79 and $99 pledge levels? @David Lusskin But then you would need to have Bluetooth on every device, or carry around an adapter all the time. I like the idea, though implementing it might not be easy. Watertightness is also something to consider, although I assume it's easier to make a male adapter watertight than a female adapter. Assuming the connectors are resistant to corrosion. @Ben Cooper That is definitely an issue, perhaps they could offer a (generic) docking station as a stretch goal? Or perhaps a bluetooth connector? If people plug the device into USB port on a laptop and try to activate the fingerprint scanner they would need to watch the pressure they put on the device. Many people I see use the keyboard/mouse with pretty decent force. Most non-tech savvy users are not going to be gentle with their finger swiping. Having a micro USB female port would be perfect for holidaying. Most people would not take a laptop (if they own one, pc you would need extension cable anyway), they would take a phone, tablet and maybe some other gear like cameras etc. I should already have a micro male powered cable from one of these devices otherwise power packs are pretty cheap. For people on the go with tablets and phones it would be easier to keep charged. Hi. What will the frame of the device be made out of? In the past, when I had USB flash drives hang on my keychain, after a while the plastic would break off and made it not only unsightly, but also impossible to hang the device back on the keychain. Will the device be made out of durable material, or at least the hook part for the keychain? Of course, the best way would to use inductive charging and just bluetooth. Then there would never be any physical data/power path to be damaged. This user's account has been deleted. Is the myIDkey app already created, or is it under development. The prior comment regarding a retractable USB male is worth noting. Having used flash drives extensively, I know that the most common pint of failure is the connector. Most of the people who carry the drives in their pocket damage the unit at the connector either by torquing it to the point of failure or by lodging foreign debris in the contacts. While the concept of a sleeve sounds good, there practical matter is that it is something that will require the use of another hand for operations and it is an additional step that is required for use. eg; hold unit in one hand use other hand to remove sleeve, put sleeve somewhere, use the freed up by putting sleeve somewhere to scan finger, enter tap code, speak name of desired item, get requested password information, pick up sleeve, replace sleeve. Not quite as smooth a process as possible. Alternative process with retracted/retractable USB: hold unit in one hand, swipe finger, enter tap code, speak name of desired item, get requested password information - done! 7 days battery life is not with normal usage apparantly, but in idle mode. Is it possible to authenticate the transfer of passwords one at a time instead of immediately granting the target device access to all keys? As in, when you pair the device with your PC (USB or Bluetooth) you still have to authenticate every time a password is requested, or at least press a physical button on the device. On the micro USB instead of the USB-A, I don't think it's really neccesary for charging. According to the FAQ the battery will last around 7 days with normal usage, I'd imagine you'd have acces to a female USB port for charging once a week at least. Also, quite a few phone chargers have a female USB to plug a male USB to micro male in. Instead of USB male have you thought about a female micro USB connection? It reduces physical size, can charge it via most cell phone power cables, don't need to worry about damaging male connector and for non-laptop users you could create a dock that will allow you to position the key in a more practical spot. The downside is that you need a cable for a physical connection. I know that my phone, for example, supports Bluetooth 4.0. I don't see a problem with using a Bluetooth 4.0 chipset instead of 2.1 aside from implementation costs and component costs. In my case it would, probably, lengthen the battery life by quite a bit. Even if adoption rate is quite low at the moment it might not be when this device is released, and the adoption rate will probably become much higher during the (expected) lifespan of this product. @Arkami, from BLE on Wikipedia: "A given device may be able to operate as a Bluetooth low energy technology and Bluetooth device using the very same chip and radio hardware, though not simultaneously; this is a Bluetooth 4.0 dual-mode device.[18] Bluetooth 4.0 includes both Classic Bluetooth technology and Bluetooth low energy technology." I think BLE is most suitable on the myIDkey. Probably best is to make a survey for backers and see the results, or ask on an update. In any case a dual-mode chip should cover all cases and give the greatest benefit. Cheers :-) @Matthew, I posted a similar question some time ago, and Arkami responded this: "Thanks for your pledge! It will store 3-5 fingerprints and different user profiles." On your website it mentions that you can use multiple finger prints, so my wife and I can share one key...it doesn't mention it on the kickstarter. Is that accurate? C'mon, only $99,000 left! What about the possibility that certain fingerprints bring up specific passwords that you use frequently? This user's account has been deleted. @Arkami, that is great! Thanks and keep up the great work. Can you give us an option to not use the Cloud server? I would prefer to work with the accounts/passwords locally on my system. I don't agree with being forced to have it all stored on a cloud server. Nothing is 100% secure and the more clients you get, the more of a target your servers will be. Please provide more info and details on our options. Thanks. @Daniel No you won't loose any stored passwords. See FAQ at bottom of home kickstarter page for myIDkey. What happens when the battery runs out? Does it lose any passwords stored or would they still be there when it's recharged? I don't think USB 3.0 would benefit much a drive the size of even 16GB, let alone less. The only benefit I think USB 3.0 would provide for the myIDkey is faster charging, but I doubt that is an issue. Re Bluetooth - will there be a way to turn it on and off? Is it meant to be on all the time? Do you consider upgrading to BT 4 (BLE - dual mode chipset 2.1+4) - it might enhance battery life for suitable devices... Will it be possible to use myIDkey simultaneously with several devices - i.e. connected through USB to a laptop and using BT to connect to a phone and a tablet? I think that's a common use-case for road warriors ... If USB 3.0 addition does not affect the whole process then may be creating a voting option for KS backers, to find out either USB 3.0 or 16 GB will be worthy option for the stretch goal? This makes KS backers happy! Yes USB 3.0 would be much more worth than more space! please consider USB 3.0 instead of 16 GB for the strech goal USB 3.0 would be a nice addition to this already great device. +1 for iliumsoft ewallet import iliumsoft ewallet integration please Since the device is not USB 3.0, can we make that a stretch goal or combine it with the 400K one perhaps? Is myIDkey compatible with Ascendo Datavault? Is the device USB 3.0? Will you be utilizing the AES1711 scroll/navigation functionality? Congratz on making stretch goal! :) Ive been in for $1 and just waiting for LastPass and Linux compatibility, once those are announced, im ALL in! Also, Bluetooth on this sounds interesting. Im also a backer of an Almond+ and it would be neat if the two could work together, say to turn on your lights and unlock your door as you approach with the IDkey. Great job so far, everyone! Congratulations again. Now we want to see another interesting stretch goal to become one of the most funded projects. We all gain! Congratulations again. Now we want to see another interesting stretch goal to become one of the most funded projects. We all gain! @Chris Davies - The first stretch goal was 100k over, so I figure another 100k wouldn't be unreasonable, but truthfully I just want to see it bumped to 16GB no matter how they do it. After all, memory is cheap. It is just a money maker for device manufacturers. This is great! Fantastic progress in such a short time, congrats on reaching your 2nd goal. Looking forward to seeing what's next. Congrats on achieving the 1st stretch goal. The questions regarding Bluetooth haven't been answered yet, and it seems to be a key selling point. Will you please respond - how is the BT to be used and what abilities will the iOS/Android apps have? Hope to see you continue growing strong :-) @ Kim Bryant- $300,000 for 16GB :) suggestion: stretch goal #2 350,000 and 16GB for all. Congrats on Stretch Goal '1'! Time for the next one... Meanwhile, one question - can this pair with multiple Bluetooth devices simultaneously? Say a smartphone AND a tablet and be accessible from both without needing to disconnect/reconnect? 8GB... awesome. What's the next stretch goal? Congrats on 250k! 250,000!! This user's account has been deleted. This project seems to be rocking fast to the $250,000 goal. Any $300,00 push goal in the works for the last three weeks? Will the bluetooth work while still plugged into the computer? Basically so I can use my tablet/phone w/o needing to unplug the myIDkey & take it into another room. How does the unit work with the tablet/phone with its own software? Will it just give us the password & then we type it into the browser fields, or will it be like the usb & fill it in for us? Thanks. Can't wait to see what other stretch goals are coming up. :-) I would consider upgrading my pledge to get two and I certainly would tell my friends who use Linux about this project if the next stretch goal included Linux support when the myIDkey ships. helder: That's covered in the FAQ at the bottom of the page "Is it possible to find passwords manually on the go without using the voice search feature? Yes, myIDkey has two buttons to help you navigate up and down through the menus and open keycard entries to see your credentials. " This: "As an alternate to the tap sequence what about an on screen combo lock. Swipe to unlock to the combo lock screen '0 0 0 0'. Use the swipe sensor to quickly scroll each digit, brief pause to move along to next digit or use up/down to move left and right. Tap to submit. You could even add some letters to increase complexity." Great idea Ben. An addition to my comment below, it would be more secure to blank out '•' the combo and only show the digits when the digit is selected and actively scrolling. As an alternate to the tap sequence what about an on screen combo lock. Swipe to unlock to the combo lock screen '0 0 0 0'. Use the swipe sensor to quickly scroll each digit, brief pause to move along to next digit or use up/down to move left and right. Tap to submit. You could even add some letters to increase complexity. great to hear that will be there a password generator, this makes it easier and more difficult to crack than ours normal password.. also i would like to know more about the tapping feature!! this tapping thing is part of a way to generate extra codes right so how many codes you can have then?? is 4 digits tapping codes? the tap is equivalent to a digit? one tap makes number one? so number 6 means tapping 6 times?? I think RINCE came up with very a good question, if you are in an open office, or you are in a crowd or in any public space talking to the pen in order to gather information about your bank account or other stuff in the open is not really secure has everyone listens which generate interest to know more and eventually to grab it... a low profile like the button scroll would be easier and really under the radar.. please consider to change it in way we can make this device more secure and low profile... maybe you can still provide voice app for those you do not mind say it loud in the crowd that you are searching for your specific bank account... for the rest of us a menu kind like with the use of the buttons of the finger scanner makes much more sense! is never too much to say that if you use it for what is intended it, which is to put passwords of what you do not want others to access than prevention and more security is never too much! will the people who backed at $79 get the white protective sleeve as well? And what about my question about multiple rewards?? Can you confirm please?? Thanks! I love this device, but was wondering why the biometric wasnt rotated 90 degrees, so that you can hold it and scan your thumb at the same time? I second Mr B. I'd like to see optional keychain attachment. And maybe a small discreet lanyard 'tunnel' to push a fine ended wrist or neck strap through. Oops i meant $99.. @Chris I highly doubt they'd let you get two at the early early bird price ($79), you'd probably have to add $99 to your current pledge at which point it's the same price as the $178 pledge for two. @Marcelo Zani Usually you select the pledge you want but then double the pledge amount.. that's how its been done on other Projects. Select $79 pledge and when you see the amount just type in $158. Can the Bluetooth connection be used instead of plugging into the USB port of the computer? I would like to be able to use it on my main computer as well as laptop without plugging and unplugging multiple times! And does the plugin for web browsers how an auto form filler like in Roboform where I can have it fill in my passwords automatically when its either plugged in, or via Bluetooth? How can i order two if i take one of the early pledge?? Can i add 79 to my pledge? Thanks!!!! Hi, I am very interested in the White Paper, so please feed us with it ;) I had some questions before, maybe you could have a look in them? - I don't like to have to use my voice (loud) to find my entry. Is it possible to use a cable- or bluetooth-Headset or so for voice recognition? Then I wouldn't have to talk loud in a room crowded with people. - Will there be other ways than the voice to check the passwords / credentials? - Can the tapping being used (eg) for favorite credentials - like moresecode: KS for Kickstarter or so? - Will there be an open source API for Programmers, being able to use their own programms / apps with the myIDKey? - How is the status of supporting Linux? Is there an open API eg to use cryptfs with myIDKey to open the hard drive(s)? Any plans of getting this FIPS 140-2 compliant for business/industry and government uses? One thing I'd really like to see included is a password generator. Say i'm allowed 12 keys it just be nice to have myidkey generate a password quickly and one that not easy to figure out. Also a way to quickly and easily change passwords. About attaching it to a keychain, is it waterproof? I'd rather not run the risk of ruining the drive when I take out my keychain in the rain. Then I have another question regarding added security. A tap sequence is mentioned, but that's relatively easy to spot from a distance. Would it be possible to select each digit by using the fingerprint sensor as a scrolling wheel, or using the buttons? Although if the starting digit is random it doesn't really matter if someone watches you tap, as long as they can't see the screen. I'm looking forward to those whitepapers! I just wanted to express my opinion on the design. It would be nice if the key ring attachment was optional. There is no way i would carry this on a key chain getting constantly banged around. Just seems unnecessary risk. True would any of you carry this on a key chain? This user's account has been deleted. whats the stretch goal for 32GB key? Or 2GB Flash Key? whats the stretch goal for a 16GB key? This user's account has been deleted. Hi, Congratulations on your successful project! This device would be very good for those people who have dozens of passwords or even those who struggle to remember less than half a dozen passwords. i like the idea of the biometric security, for what this device is.. the fingerprint scanner is sufficient. To those with security issues: if you are that worried about it then stick to a device with a keypad only with at least a 4 digit code. If you want an all singing all dancing biometric sensor then your looking at the wrong device, cramming in all that capability into a USB drive is very difficult . This option combined with the tap feature is a good idea. the odds of someone "copying your fingerprint" are very slim. Security vs Usability. I like the idea of biometrics, at present if I want to access my passwords now I need to punch in my long "secure" master password which hopefully I don't forget, painful on my phone. There is always the chance that malware/keyloggers etc could steal the master password. There are always risks. If you need my fingerprint, my device and my tap code then I am pretty happy. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. How many fingerprints can be stored? I have a couple requests for features I think would be really handy/useful: 1) Ability to have different "profiles" stored on the device, with different unlock sequences for each (perhaps your right index finger unlocks your personal profile, whereas the left thumb unlocks your work profile). 2) Integrate a way to handle traditional rolling-code security token authentication (like the RSA-key-fob, Blizzard Authenticator, ect). It may be easier to create an API and allow the providing vendors to develop their modules. This way you would be able to carry one device that can handle all of your authentication needs, instead of a password-manager and multiple security tokens... I will also say that I'm excited about being able to put a secure file on the myIDkey and then use that as a keyfile to allow access to a TrueCrypt volume. Also, being able to put my ssh private key on the device and carry it with me securely. <url>"Fortunately, finger print technology has seen great advances in the last 1-2 years and has proven to be more secure and reliable than its previous iterations. Apple's purchase of AuthenTec last year is a strong endorsement for this industry." They also state that the circuit board has been designed to be tamper proof. It looks like a lot of thought has been put into this project as far as security is concerned. Would I use this for personal use? Absolutely. Would I save highly sensitive data for a Fortune 500 company? No. Don't want that hanging over my head! This user's account has been deleted. @Matthew, All of the techniques they used involved copying the authentic fingerprint in some way. You worried someone is going to steal a used soda can, graft your print, steal your drive, and then access your drive's content? I'd be more worried about someone figuring out how to take the drive apart and access the embedded memory module. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Time for some stretch goals? DANG! I just realized when I got an email for being a PLATINUM SUPPORTER that I don't get a shirt! How about throwing in a shirt! Show us the love! Can't wait until I get myIDkey! first of all congrats on this quest, you have made it! some of us raise several questions about security problems and unfortunately theses have not been answered by you guys assuring us of the potential risk that might come by using this device is really none....or should i say put our fears aside! if you use this pen as storage of several passwords not so important like email accounts etc... is one thing but if you wanna use this to put log in and passwords of your several bank accounts and so.... that all together is a completely different game has you could face loosing thousands of dollars and theft identity and so on... so and again i would like to hear from the makers more about these issues and on how security can be improved here... Congratulations! so this means upgrade from 2GB to 8GB to all backers, Right? Please give the goal between 2Gb and 8 GB... whats needed is the biometric plus bluetooth device to really secure it. That way if 1 is missing it still wont work for a thief. After the initial shipment for backers, will we be able to purchase additional devices? (Correction) Hadn't been broken. They tried three different ways of bypassing or beating the lock, and all three were a success. Hey Guys, Might want to check the mythbusters episode about breaking biometric security and get them to test it. They bypassed a lock that the makers said was impossible (not exact quote) to bypass. Thank's Michael :) Didn't see that mentioned. @Andrew: They said it will be a 2GB model, but if they reach the stretch goal (yet to be defined) that all backers will get an 8GB model. What size Flash do Platinum supporters get?(And all other backer levels for that matter) How does the Bluetooth connection works? Will it be able to work simultaneously with several devices? I agree LastPass is a MUST! Please support. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I'm not quite sure if this is already in the planning, but could we plug it in to our computer to login to Windows, and when it's unplugged the computer is locked (or other pre-specified action is performed)? One word -- Stretch Goals? I backed in the early bird, but i want two. Can i add 79 and get two? Or i will have to make another account? Thanks!!! LastPass support would be key feature for me. The whole idea of one password doesn't really work if you have two systems competing to manage all your other passwords...especially if they can't sync and you change your passwords on a fairly regular basis. i think is a great tool but one thing is putting one password and some how been craked or stolen, another thing is putting our entire live of passwords and been cracked and stolen... how do you really guaranty security?? and i am not talking about after encryption kicked in but before we can access it, that is for me the worry!! finger scan has been proven in the past to be... should i say with some flaws.... so that for me is not enough secure unless if you come up with a different technology which i do not know... now you have mentioned an extra feature like tapping and security codes how these come about, is a tapping sequence?? how many digits? and how you introduce them for example the number nine? i guess after the whole 2 stages process is secure you can go and use the voice to extract the info and not before right? thanks helder This is a great KickStarter! I can't wait to see this project funded! Agreed on the retractable USB suggestion. I have a Kingston flash drive that had the same build as this one. When the pin bent, it's almost broken and would require pliers to straighten. It's a very useful product and I'm sure people who own one will carry this with them everywhere, so the retractable USB will definitely increase its lifespan. Can you outline what the stretch goals are? What is the dimension of the device? Possible to slim down? Thanks for posting the FAQ! One quick question, what is the actual stretch goal that you mention for getting the 8GB in this campaign as I feel that 2GB is too small. Hi, I think the ID is nice, but: - I don't like to have to use my voice (loud) to find my entry. Is it possible to use a cable- or bluetooth-Headset or so for voice recognition? - Will there be other ways than the voice to check the passwords / credentials? - Can the tapping being used (eg) for favorite credentials - like moresecode: KS for Kickstarter or so? - Will there be an open source API for Programmers, being able to use their own programms / apps with the myIDKey? @Dr Martin It is written directly in the Home: Let us show our appreciation! All myIDkey campaign backers will get their name listed (optional, of course) on our website. Is it possible to opt-out of being listed on the myIDkey website, or choose a nickname? Love this! I use 1Password often. Looks like this takes it to the next level. I'm looking forward to August! Cool idea - a few quick comments: --A vote for keypass integration. --You mentioned your cloud (as well as dropbox or others). Cost for your cloud? --If the battery runs down for whatever reason, I'm assuming the charge process is to just plug it in and wait and all will be good? --How tamper proof is the case for the electronics? Thanks! i vote for a clear case... but retractable usb would be preferred This user's account has been deleted. Congrats on the launch; what a great...and much needed product/innovation! I can't wait until I get myIDkeys in the coming months. I noticed there were a lot of questions left by some of the pledge supporters. People...most, if not all, of your questions and concerns are addressed if you watch the company's video in its entirety. They also provide a lot of detail right below the video. If I back as a PLATINUM supporter, can I have the keys sent to separate locations? Will the voice recognition be able to recognise different english accents or different languages. Secondly, if you lose myIDkey can it be remotely erased and if so how will this work? Lastly, like others I currently use password management software on my mac and iPhone so integration to those or be able to import their data would be a big benefit Looking forward to seeing this project succeed. I am surprised as the storage numbers, if a 2GB stores 1000+ that's almost 2MB per entry, most password management software can store 1000+ entries in 2MB alone. Not that 1000+ isn't more than enough just surprised at the math. Possible to integrate the solution with 1Password ? <url>#myIDkey kickstarter version will have 2 GB of storage. Looks very promising. Will there be an application to manage the passwords and retrieve them in case of the USB device going bad? If so, how do you protect the access to that system (potential weak-point) and if there is no other way to access the stored passwords, what sort of redundancy do you have in case the USB had gone bad. Thanks! Kinda sucks that doing a 'platinum' level for 2 fobs costs $20 more than 2x the 'early early' bird level. I hate how KS changed the qty feature for rewards. I could have saved myself $20 if I bought 2 of the $79 level. Now they're all sold out, so so much for changing my pledge level. first of all great project .... but i do like others have some concerns about the security, specially when using finger scanner as they prove to be in the past with many other devices and sensors some issues arose, it promised a lot but then had lots of security flaws which people could break in, and the taping approach for example it seems a extra effort to correct that and can make it more secure... but i just wonder how it works?? you tap once and the pen receives as one digit code password.. i believe you have 4 code password digit security right??... how do you type 9, by tapping nine times?? or the pen is touch sensitive and it has a small keyboard?? another thing it is supposedly to go around with our daily lives which is strong to impact and spill proof right? otherwise i think it will get easily useless?!?! @Arkami, this project is off to a fantastic start. Congrats on that. Might I suggest that you post a response to the many great questions. It will go a long way for us to gain confidence and be comfortable in recommending the project to others. I think very soon you will need to start thinking about stretch goals. Cheers. Question, what if the key is stolen and someone doesn't connect it to the internet, ie is there a way that it can store to the cloud and display on the device temporarly? and than erase? ie 5-10 minute password time out... +1 Lastpass integration/cooperation/support Great idea and project! I'd highly highly recommend making the USB part retractable. I've had many usb thumb drives with cases/tips and have always lost them. I'm wondering how lasting are the buttons with the constant pressing and all? Have you guys done any stress test on it? i already have an Ironkey and LastPass so while i dont know that i personally need this, i do think its a great project and worthy of support. That said i would really like to support what Dan Colwell stated in that sync support with popular tools like LastPass and the like, would really make this great. I can say, for example, that i have no real desire to drop my existing tool as it already works great and has all the browser integration features, along with 2 factor authentication. But if this synced with Lastpass (or similar) i, as a user, can continue using my tool and also start using the myIDkey and gain all the benefits from it as well. and from a business prospective it would allow more users to adopt the myIDkey at their own pace and maybe move to using it only. Also, please clarify the size of the drive that is included in the reward myIDkey random number/password generator = would make a great stretch goal Compelling project. Please consider this suggestion: add a random number/password generator. I use half a dozen case sensitive alpha numeric passwords of 12-15 characters each (certainly a pain to remember). They are a pain to create. Each password has its own rules and it would be helpful if the associated app could generate potential passwords for you to use based on rules that the user enters. I also have question about encryption. During bluetooth connection, how do you protect the data that transmit via bluetooth? This user's account has been deleted. @Richard D, I'm in Canada and I had to force it as though I was shipping to the US. I sent a direct message to Arkami but they haven't responded yet. Perhaps you can do the same by clicking the "Contact me" link on the right. Perhaps we will then get a proper clarification. I personally suspect that it is a limitation with Kickstarter but perhaps Arkami can post instructions for Canadian backers. All that said, I am looking forward to the product and grateful that Arkami chose to include the shipping cost in the base amount for Canadians as well. Will there be an option to import or sync with lastpass/keypass? I think on the go password management is certainly a useful void to fill but what about some of the issues with fingerprint readers. They are frequently regarded as insecure and easily bypassed (<url>#5 from 2002 even). My worry would be that the cheaper readers especially could be fairly vulnerable (and good readers are much bigger and complex). The additional tap security may help but it seems fairly linear and easily observable I am not sure if the same wipe procedure exists for if it is screws up. I would recommend an option to allow the user to have to tap the device before it shows the password. This way if the voice recognition gets something wrong it isn't inadvertently showing a very sensitive password somewhere you didn't want it shown. I am guessing the software on the device will not be open source but it would be a good idea then if you could go more into how the security works. You mention 256 bit encryption, but how is it being protected? For proper encryption the key needs to be derived from the fingerprint data that is read (or decrypted by the fingerprint data itself) but fingerprint readers generally work best against matching checks rather than hard data exporting. Keys would need to be sufficiently long which can be another area finger print readers fall down (generating enough unique data for a specific finger that is reproducible). Other software vendors using finger print tech have severely fallen down in this area like: <url>