A few members of our team worked at BDG last year beforeother found out the owner was being shady with funds. They left and joined our team shortly after. As for the concept art, it seems we have been subjected to false claims of ownership right to our concepts. The game itself is well in progress and is NOT a scam of any kind. Thank you for understanding. If you have any furthure questions please feel free to ask. Hey Everyone, Look for an update this coming monday! Hey Ben, I will look into this and get back to you as soon as we can come up with something that makes sense! Thanks for all your support! Hey David, you will be able to make copies and pass them around to friends and family (no limit). We believe that open shared media does more good than harm (we are napster fans from back in the day). I hope this helps :-) Hey Ben, MYTHIC will roll out as single player first. We are aiming to have multiplayer roll out summer 2013. Happy new year! Funny how this is still a live page My favorite part is still "this is NOT a scam of any kind." Seriously... We could create a new chat forum on this page, bahaha hay guys whats going on in this thread Good thing I'm not a porpoise, then. :iceburn: All porpoises come from Seattle. In case anyone reading this missed it, Tycho of Penny Arcade wrote a bit about this: <url>"buy" the $2500 reward. Once he realized this, he fled. Uh, hello, BetaBeat link clickers. I'm not actually from Seattle, I was just proving I could see your profile. um... The video can still be viewed... XDDDDDD What I find funny is how bold whoever the guy in the video is showing for his face for the scam all In all ... I love the concept of the game..... but....it is just a shame now The website was a free Weebly blog, that was the first red flag I aw. What a poor attempt at a scam, haha 9/porpoise/Seattle!!!???!!! 4,384/deity/my tomb in thebes here a/s/l? Not to mention all the reward levels match The Banner Sagas word for word oh... the website of the game still exists!!! What James said :) Thanks you two! High five to Christopher and Mark for the research on this. This will be our own secret chat room forever!!! Wait, I can still post here? Thanks to those who did all the work gathering the intel. Ahahahahahaha Hi everyone, I'm also putting a dollar down to warn off any other potential backers who read this. As Mark explained, this is a SCAM. All of the art is stolen. Look up "Little Monster Productions" on Google, and -- according to the internet -- they do not exist outside of this KickStarter page. They have no business, no press contacts on their website. Even the pictures of their supposed offices were stolen from another company. Little Monster, if you are reading this now, do the right thing and take down this project. Save us the trouble and save yourself the embarrassment. This entire situation is really insulting to anyone who actually creates or enjoys games, and you're ruining it for the rest of us. The concept art at <url>#/d1bnzom ) and the facebook page which recently went down had pictures of offices like this: <url>