@Alnisa- just sent you an email to resolve the delivery issue. Thanks again for your support and enjoy! @EvgBel- Just sent you an email with shipping info. UPS needs your apartment # @Kester- Just sent you an email with shipping info. @Rich- Your glass replacement went out on Monday with tracking this time. Thanks! @Johnathan (Asked us about making larger aquariums) Yes, in 2013 we plan to launch at least 2 larger shapes and sizes and will continue to grow our line of aquariums. On top of the self-cleaning aspect we will be adding another very exciting element that we can't wait to share. A great way to keep in touch with us is by subscribing to our website here: <url>’t promote algae growth, water resistant and have the longest battery life of up to 8 hours on a single charge; not to mention they come with an optional remote. IMPORTANT: Per our instructions, push the button on the actual light unit OFF (not just the remote) when not in use to prolong battery life. We still encourage everyone to switch over to RECHARGABLE BATTERIES after the 3 AAA we provide burn out. We don’t expect you to keep buying new batteries every time- it just does not make sense. The greatest thing about not having any cords for a beautiful aquarium this size is the MOBILITY FACTOR. You can have three or more, different favorite places for your aquarium and none of them require an electrical socket. It makes a great center piece for your dinner table, illuminate your backyard patio on a warm summer night while hanging out with friends, travel with it in your RV around the world, relax in the tub and set the mood in your bedroom- the options are endless The great news for you DIY people is that these lights are extremely easy to convert into a plug in wall unit so you can have endless hours of illumination to enjoy. @Art T. As long as you provide regular water changes there is nothing to worry about regarding the “dead” space under the reservoir. We have not cleaned that area on some our aquariums for over a year and our water test results still continuously test positive and our Betta’s continue to be healthy and active. Remember, that space also provides growth for lots of beneficial bacteria that fish need in a healthy aquatic environment. By the way- keep and sterilize your next tooth brush instead of throwing it out- It will work great for removing the water line at the top of your aquarium (that probably have not yet formed). You can message us by clicking on our names under the project title. Wanted to let everyone know that we can’t look up contact or reward details through the comments section so please email us directly for questions and support. @Joe: Please contact us so we know where to send the missing components. We apologize for the inconvenience. @Kimberly: The remote would have been an additional cost. The LED lights also work independently from the remotes. If you look at the side with the bulbs you will also see a rubber button that looks similar to the bulbs- that's the on/off switch. Feel free to email/message us if you need anything else. @AdamDork- Yes, because this aquarium has no filtration and since Betta breath with their labyrinth organ and not under water with their gills, this is the only fish that will work for this aquarium. Stay tuned for our next kickstarter project! <url>"tub". We meant to type "tube" @ Leo K. yes the tub is designed to sit approx 1/2" above the reservoir floor and slightly below the grill. This setup provides the best suction power and cleaning performance. Thanks Carleton for your review- we are very happy you are happy! All other requests can be sent to <email> with your shipping address for extra parts if needed. Thanks! We will be posting another update tonight- Stay tuned. As far as heaters go we've found the Marina C10 works great. It has a built in thermostat and is preset. Remember to test your heater in the aquarium with a thermometer for a day or so before you add your Betta to make sure it's functioning pro Hey everyone, regardless of what other websites are saying no aquariums have left our warehouse and your aquariums will be the fist to ship. We are still on schedule to begin shipping on 10/12/12 and we will post an official update Friday night. We can't wait! Hey everyone- we will have a more exciting update in a little bit. Here's where we are now: The die for the reservoir is being manufactured. If need be they say adjustments are quick and easy however we don't anticipate any changes being required. Again, at this point everything is waiting on the die. The huge plastic sheets have been formed with each sheet containing 16 reservoirs. The die acts like a cookie cutter to "punch" out the reservoirs precisely and consistently. We will post our next update with ETA once we receive the sample cut part. Hey guys, just to let you know we did not get hit by a bus! We’ve been extremely busy handling everything that’s been going on here. We will have a thorough update by the end of the weekend. Thanks! Hey everyone, progress is being made and we'll have our next update posted next week. Thanks! Hey everyone, we are having another meeting with our factory next week and will post an update then. In the meantime have a great weekend! Hey backers, we are receiving the latest round of sample parts from the factory this week. We will know more and post another update by the end of the week. Thank again for your patience and support! Hello, you may get some build up on the walls over time but algae shouldn't be a problem if you keep these things in mind. Algae need 3 things to live: oxygen, food and sunlight. Oxygen is limited in the aquarium because there’s no moving water. Betta breathe air from the surface with their labyrinth organ so this is safe for the fish, too. Most other fish (including algae eaters) require oxygenated water, which is achieved by the use of filters and bubblers, thus elevating the incidence of algae growth. Algae don’t have the most appetizing diet. It feeds on the by-products of a dirty aquarium: fish waste and dirty water. By running the cleaning system regularly you greatly reduce the amount of nutrients essential for algae growth. Don’t put your aquarium in direct sunlight because this will almost guarantee algae growth. I have the prototypes in a room that gets good indirect sun light and algae growth is not a problem. If you do get a little algae simply wipe it off with a brush. Run the cleaning system afterward thoroughly to flush it out. In just a few minutes of maintenance your aquarium will look like new! Neither LEDs cause algae growth. They also will not promote plant growth. So if you plan on using live plants make sure your aquarium gets at least some indirect sunlight. We will publish an update with a list of low-light plants we’ve used that thrive in the aquarium and can easily be found at a big box pet store near you. If a houseplant will grow in the room so will these plants – and there’s a pretty good variety of them, too. @Rachel- Thanks so much! Yes, we will be using the same copper spout as seen in our photos and videos for our initial production run. In the future we plan on providing additional, unique spout options. We will be sure to keep you all posted. Thanks again! Amit, your set to go with the Large Bright White LED. Thanks! Hi Tiffany, thanks for your support! Yes, you will only be billed once for the new amount at the end of the project. International shipping info is posted in the updates tab (link below). Scroll through all updates to see popular countries. Message us if you have questions or need a quote for another country. Thanks again for your support! You rock! <url>’s no moving water. Betta breathe air from the surface with their labyrinth organ so this is safe for the fish, too. Most other fish (including algae eaters) require oxygenated water, which is achieved by the use of filters and bubblers, thus elevating the incidence of algae growth. Algae don’t have the most appetizing diet. It feeds on the by-products of a dirty aquarium: fish waste and dirty water. By running the cleaning system regularly you greatly reduce the amount of nutrients essential for algae growth. Don’t put your aquarium in direct sunlight because this will almost guarantee algae growth. I have the prototypes in a room that gets good indirect sun light and algae growth is not a problem. If you do get a little algae simply wipe it off with a brush. Run the cleaning system afterward thoroughly to flush it out. In just a few minutes of maintenance your aquarium will look like new! Neither the Large Bright-White LED nor the Colored LED 4-pack will cause algae growth. They also will not promote plant growth. So if you plan on using live plants make sure your aquarium gets at least some indirect sunlight. We will publish an update with a list of low-light plants we’ve used that thrive in the aquarium and can easily be found at a big box pet store near you. If a houseplant will grow in the room so will these plants – and there’s a pretty good variety of them, too. Stay tuned for an update soon. Hi soonweijie, we are still in the process of determining international shipping. We'll let everybody know in plenty of time. Thanks for your patience. Hi Christine, The light hood (lid) doesn’t need to be removed because it allows air in the aquarium and doesn't interfere with Bettas access to the surface. The hood is recessed inside the top of the aquarium. It fits securely and can be taken off easily with one hand but would be difficult to remove with a paw. It’s a sturdy part. We haven’t tested it but feel it will provide good protection from curious pets. Hey Brandon, Lot’s of aquarium manufacturer’s make half-gallon Betta tanks. We agree that most provide a lousy home. That’s why we built a better one! You see, the #1 problem with half-gallon tanks is that the small water volume pollutes quickly and becomes unsafe for fish. This happens because most people don’t clean their aquariums enough. Our system makes the cleaning quick and painless. A clean half-gallon is a much better home than an aquarium 10 times its size that’s not properly maintained. Like most things in life, it’s the water quality, not quantity that’s most important. It's true that Betta don’t swim around a lot and don’t need much space to be happy. They like to float and hover in the water. Unfortunately, some manufacturers take advantage of this fact by producing cheap, tacky little boxes with no regard for the movements of the fish. As you see in our video and pics, this aquarium provides plenty of room for your Betta fish to swim and play We’ve had our fish for well over a year in a variety of half-gallon prototypes. They are awesome, beautiful, happy and healthy fish! Bottom line: Run the self-cleaning system regularly, provide good food and some love and your fish will thrive in this aquarium just like ours are thriving! Hi Anthony and Jerry, We've made self-cleaning systems for all different sizes of aquariums - up to 55 gallons. We hope to offer all kinds of setups in the near future (maybe even custom). The larger this project grows and the more attention we attract, the more we can do. So please share this project with everyone you know. We really appreciate your support! Hi soonweije, Blue gourami's need far more space. We only recommend Betta be housed in this aquarium. However, we are working on modifications for frogs & toads and will let you know when it comes to be! Hi Rick, One of the cool things about this product is that you can choose how much water to remove/replace during a cleaning. For a quick flush pour in a 16 oz glass. For a more thorough water change you can pour in a pitcher. Of course, you'll want to match the size of the collection container with the amount of water being poured in (or put it in the sink for very large water changes), and you don’t want to pour the water in so fast that you overflow the tank. We designed the aquarium so you don’t have to add any water after the cleaning cycle stops. But there is room to add a half-inch or so of water before you activate the system. And don’t worry about your Betta jumping out when the water level in your aquarium is high during cleaning. The water flowing in keeps your fish safe toward the bottom of the aquarium. The water volume in the patent-pending reservoir is very small. The reservoir is the trap for the waste. International Kickstarters: We are still working out shipping and will let you know before we fund about the cost. Thank you for your patience. @Alasdair: We are considering offering a clear spout as an option; but this would considerably raise molding costs. However, if this project does really well, we may be able to offer it as an option. In the meantime we hope you enjoy the classic look and feel of the copper spout. "Will the rocks hinder the dirty stuff from getting to the bottom reservoir?" Nancy C. The natural rocks are smooth and rounded so debris simply slides between the large gaps between rocks and falls into plumbing system. The glass gems work great too but they are a bit smaller so an occasional bit of waste may get caught between the rocks. No worries though. When you run the self-cleaning system the water flow usually sucks it out of the glass gems to be flushed out of the tank. If it doesn't get sucked down simply poke the gems with a stick next time the system is running to free the debris. It’s important that the self-cleaning system is running before you agitate the gems to make sure the debris is sucked down and isn’t stirred up, if you get what I mean. Don’t know why we didn’t post this earlier but the dimensions of the aquarium are 4.25" x 4.25 x 11.5" high. The aquarium body is made from sturdy 3/16” glass. The aquarium holds just over a half gallon and weighs about 4.5 pounds empty and 9.5 pounds full. Happy New Year Kickstarters! Thank you for all your support! We’ve received questions about different types of fish in the aquarium. For now we recommend that only Betta fish be housed in the aquarium. They don’t require much space and don’t need aeration, filtration or heaters. We are working on a really cool modification for Frogs and Toads and will let you know as soon as it’s ready. We don't recommend goldfish in this aquarium. We are currently testing it out with tadpoles and mini frogs and will be back with our results. Hello Kickstarters! Thanks for all your support! This is the most exciting thing we've ever done and we appreciate you being a part of it! You are awesome! Craig Hi soxcited - The lights are for your viewing pleasure. There is no need to leave on for the benefit of the fish. Hi Yong-Soo Chung- Regarding your question about the light. It actually fits perfectly inside, at the top of the tank. We designed it so you can't see it sticking out at the top. Thanks for your support! -David Turover I've just got notice that you guys are doing retail sales, but I've never received the NoClean Aquariums that were part of my sponsorship level. Have you guys shipped yet? Hi! I have not yet received the aquarium. Please, check shipping status. I have not yet received the aquarium and am wondering whether it was sent to my old home address. Is it possible for you to check on the status? @Rich- From the looks of the comments they may have a lot of issues to sort out with different people's orders- Mine was busted as well, and I'm waiting on a new set. I think we just have to be patient with them. So November first I got my broken aquarium, was told a new one was being shipped.. 2 weeks later, still nothing. Was told they would check with the wharehouse for s shipping number.. guess what still no reply... NOT HAPPY ! ! ! You know, I feel I've been remarkably patient with you guys throughout this entire process because I really supported how thorough you were being, but there's a giant thing you all missed - the light. Are you kidding me with this? This is not an acceptable method of lighting the tank. I can not afford to keep buying AAA batteries! Did you not test them AT ALL in ALL THAT TIME you spent working out the kinks of this project? They are USELESS. I got my tank a couple days ago, and due to Hurricane Sandy, had no power to post. Just got power back today and I must say I love my tank! The tank had a tiny crack at the top, but I don't mind it, as well as one of the LED lights(green) was on on arrival, seems it was on during whole trip. I don't mind that either. I just want to say great work guys! Got my tank couple of days back...set it up as per the instructions, put in a very nice red betta, a fern and so far everything is going well...I only wish the white LED lights last longer...mine started dimming after about one and half days. How long are the batteries suppose to last anyway? two tanks arrived safe and sound this morning, Melbourne Australia got my tanks and all is well, just a question. There is a "dead" area that holds water in the corners below the reservoir. based on other fish keeping experience this usually gives rise to anaerobic bacteria which can be a problem. I do not see that these areas are flushed as water is added. I am not saying it is a problem for Beta, as I have not kept many of them. I would like to ask what your experience has been and if this leads to brown areas in the corners or other contamination and negative effects to the fish. Got my tank yesterday. Everything works great. Now I need to get the fish. Great product. When will you be selling to the public? i cant get the hang of actually flushing the waste out of the bottom. any tricks for this? So I just received my tank! Been having a tinker with it and was just wondering -- when are you guys likely to start working on a larger version of the tank? :) Thanks for responding to my post, Craig & David. I received my tanks today and I opened one of them up to try and put together. However, when I did an inventory of the parts, it seems I'm missing the reservoir piece part D in the instructions...I opened up all my other aquariums and it seems that none of them have the part D...is this a mis-print or was I 'lucky' enough to have the same part missing from all of my aquariums? I received my tanks, but I was disappointed to see that I was not sent a remote for my led light. It won't turn on any other way. I got one of the tanks set up without too much trouble. Although, I did dent the lip of the reservoir bottom a bit while installing it. I hope that doesn't affect it's function. Got my tank up and going...but are Bettas the only type of fish for this? Well I got my tank today. Everything was well packaged and included instructions. I have my dragon scale Betta living it up in his new home. Thanks guys for a great product! Received my aquariums. No instructions provided. Wasn't able to find instructions on their site either. I was just curious as to how far off the reservoir floor everyone's acrylic tubing is. Mine is about half an inch (approximately 12 mm) away from the bottom, just a tad below the grill (approximately 2 mm). Just curious... I'm in Southern California, and I received my NoClean Aquarium today. If you haven't received yours yet, I hope you will be fortunate enough to receive it soon enough... I just received mine. Im not sure about getting new packaging before shipping it out.. Looks like all that was done was 2 extra pieces of cardboard folded in half to keep the package from moving around but I still felt it moving around when I picked up the box. Also I did not get any directions. Seems rushed out to me. The package came a few days before the tracking number did for me. But as I opened the box, the packaging itself impressed me. Very effective for how simple it was. Great job guys! I hoping to get fish for the tanks very soon. I would only caution folks that trying to get the reservoir in correctly can be tricky for some. It's tough to get it positioned correctly when you can't risk putting your hand into the tank (because you're sure you won't be able to get it back out!) and have to use tools. I like how my package came in before the tracking number did. :) Has anyone in Canada received their aquariums yet? Mine just arrived today. Well packaged with no shipment damage. Easy set up. Great product. Terrific job guys, it was worth the extra time you took to get everything right. Congrats! CHECK YOUR TANKS!!! So excited to get mine but after all this waiting and the new packaging boxes, my tank is cracked?! I just recieved my NoClean in the mail today. I live in San Diego, CA, in case anyone wants to compare shiping times. I put the whole thing together in about 5 minutes and it's working exactly like it should. Even better, the white LED top looks great and is very bright. Definitely a well constructed product and the instructions were simple and easy to follow. One note I can make about packing is that the acrylic tube used to bring the water up from the bottom had been cracked in transit. The crack doesn't seem to affect the functionality of the device in any way ( I've replenished the water many times in testing so far) but if mine was partially broken, it seems possible that others' may be completely broken. How will we get replacement parts in that event? Thanks for a great product! Can we, whom haven't received their tanks yet, get a shipping update please? Some people already got theirs a week ago...what about the others? Any shipping news? Someone asked about heaters, And I believe there will be a lot of additional questions. here is a resource <url>"bob" died while waiting for his new home. I am headed out to buy a plant and a new fish. Great job guys! Thanks Craig & David!! I got my tanks and they arrived in perfect condition. The instructions were really well detailed and made it easy to construct. I can't wait to get some movement going in my tanks! Just got my NoClean Aquarium today and I love it! You guys came through and it was well worth the wait! I will be buying a second tank very soon and I'm recommending this to all my friends! Thanks to your hard work guys! Would be awesome to have a list of fish that could live well in this aquarium. I like betta, but I've had several of them in the past... There are a few species that would do well... Of course Beta, but there are other Labyrinth Fish. Gouramis can be colorful and can live with more than one to a tank, I would suggest the dwarfs as some of the others get very big. also paradise fish if you can find them. If you have small bioload, and a good planting of real plants, you might be able to do 2-3 small tetras like cardinals. nothing too big. Thank you. Now it is clear. that is why these are betta tanks, Betta have a labrynth instead of gills, they get their oxygen from the air, not the water. Hi guys, I have 1 question. Which tools I can use to generate oxygen in Aquarium. Otherwise fish live 2-3 weeks. Hope they ship soon here. They are in 'stock' elsewhere : <url>"least documented" I have over 200 of these suckers under my belt and this is not the worst one at all. Craig or David.... Please this is strange -- a project like yours -- there should be some simple answers. @Craig & David When do you expect to get the sample cut part? This is without a doubt the worst documented project on kickstarter. I seriously doubt this project will ever come to fruition. Craig & David, What is the word? How is it going? What are the current hold ups ? Are things being placed in boxes or did something else need to be adjusted --- remolded ? Let us know please. Wondering and wondering ---- just fill us in -- it's not like we are going to go away -- so take us on your ride please. @Steve yeah. I posted that and then saw the update and you can't go back and delete it. But thank you for pointing it out. Any updates? It's been several weeks since the last update where you were waiting for the reservoir cutting to be done to specifications? As you may know, nobody is accountable for ETA delays on kickstarter projects. Basically they could deliver a "perfect" product in 2015 and you will have to suck it up. How about a new status update ? Is it too soon -- seems with all the delays you would be tracking and would be able to give us a closer idea for ship date at this point. @Marc You do know that they did in fact provide an update that weekend right? Check the updates section of the Kickstarter. i backed this project since my fish died. true story. My fish has died since I backed this project. True story now 4 months late Craig and David, Have you noticed that today is August 8, 2012. The weekend has long passed and you have yet to give an update. I really want your product. Please let us know what is going on! OK Calling you out Craig & David --- waited a week for the "Promised Update" so where is it? I'm starting to wonder if you guys got hit by a bus or something..... Just stopped by to check after I cleaned my fish tank...again. I'm with you, Brian. What's up, Craig & Dave? No updates in almost a month - what's going on fellows? How's the project chugging along? @ Elisabeth -- its wonderful you are happy -- however given the forum I think many of us expected more updates and information --- sure it's not a order system -- but updates that just say we had a problem and we are working it out does not cut it really --- we placed a bet but really we were paying for the behind the scenes view -- we have not gotten it. I have seen very little real updates except for delays because X part was not correct or what not...how about posting pictures/videos explain the problems show your solutions -- give us something except delays and it's comming -- I might not be speaking for everyone but I wanted the behind the scene view -- and I have not received that. I'm glad to hear you're making progress and I look forward to your update next week! I'm sure you guys are working super hard to align all the pieces to the production puzzle. I think people should be a little more patient given the forum, but hey, you can’t please everyone, right? Time for an update guys.... Any updates? Is it still on target for shipping before the end of July? I agree with Steve. This is Kickstarter, not Amazon.com. Craig and David have been very conscientious about updating us at all stages in the process, and I'm happy they want to ensure we get a quality product. As much as I want my tank now, I've lived my whole life without a self cleaning aquarium and feel confident that I can wait a little bit longer :) Can't wait to see what they come up with next! Do you guys really think if these guys were *scam artists* they would use their real names and hurt their reputations? lol This was their first forray into production and it's only two guys. I'm pretty sure this isn't their sole means of income and they are just really busy working on getting the tank made and living their life. I guess you'll be proved wrong when you receive your tank on your doorstep. Have a little faith. Something is fishy about lack of updates and no shipping...starting to feel scammy. This user's account has been deleted. @Matthew Cutler I'm not saying there aren't scammers but this one doesn't seem like it. Just seems like they had an idea but might've not fully researched the process of creating the product in a grander scale. But I am tired of hearing "we have one more part to get sized" on EVERY SINGLE update. The last update was some time ago and delivery was expected in April? Is it safe to assume we've all been ripped off? Any updates? I have been involved in several Kickstarters, if it is a simple design, you get quick results, if it has complex parts, it takes longer. Basically Kickstarter, in the product end, is a place where relative newbies cut their teeth on the outsourced production issue. It takes massive companies just as long, but they do not have the same communications channel or visibility. think of this as your own window into the contract manufacture world. Can you even get refunds? Just saying, I have yet to have a single Kickstarter deliver their goods within 3+ months of completion time. Heck, I've yet to receive a single Kickstarter! I agree, I'd rather them take the time to get this working correctly, though, I wonder if this could've been accomplished prior? Four months now, with another "couple weeks," so I assume maybe these can be Christmas presents before all is said and done? I'd rather have the product work right and be great than not, I mean, if you don't want to wait, just request a refund. Well there's an update...but now there is another thing we have to wait on? How about an update with where things are at now? Was the simple mold modification truly simple? How about some pictures or videos to backup your updates -- We paid the money for the ride and the adventure of your startup. Not complaining we don't have the product but rather we aren't really getting an inside view either -- just excuses and postponing. Instead how about give us some pictures -- give us some true updates. Hey guys, I know that your doing your best... with all the set backs and the problems that arises, just keep on plugging along. Your going about it the right way and I really appreciate your best effort. Keep up the good work and keep all of us updated. GREAT JOB @Pallen Chiu: Remember you did not buy a product. You gave money to an up and coming business, with the promise they would send you some product for free once they get up and running. If you expecting these guys to drop everything to rush and get you your product you should go buy things on Amazon. KickStarter is about helping the new guy out, funding innovative idea's and letting the "little guy" have his day in the sun to show off that inventors and idaliests at home can also make a difference. Craig and David, keep doing what your doing. You're doing it right, and I expect nothing but the best from someone who is willing to put this much passion and commitment into making a product right. Many people these days try and get something kicked out quick and easy to make a buck, and we can all see you guys are doing more than the average joe. Good Job! tl;dr stop your whining, go to amazon if you want a product to ship to you next day. Pallen, you'll find yourself in the minority of pretty much every Kickstarter project but the ones that dragged on for more than a year and/or turned out to be scammy. People are here for quality goods, not arbitrary deadlines that get 'stuck to'. Reasonableness is always a factor, but I'd much rather them set an internal date, miss it by a month, and get me a better product than come out and promise a date and have to rush something at the last minute. I hope everyone gets lights for the tank as a upgraded free thing for waiting! LoL! Nah, but keep up the good work. Keep us updated, I want my fish to enjoy the tank! I'm satisfied with waiting as long as I get a quality product in the end. At the end of the day, it's the fish who have to live in the tank. I know if I was the fish i'd like it to be as safe and long lasting as possible free of leaks and other issues. This website is designed to "Kick Start" ideas and experiencing production issues is all part of initial growth. It sounds like you guys have ironed out the kinks and all of us customers will thank you for it in the end. Correction in my earlier comment - I meant, "I have lost a lot of faith as a potential user". Craig and David, I appreciate that you are sharing updates with us consistently but I have a lot of faith as a potential user and supporter of this project. I appreciate your openness of communication but that does not matter to me as much as making a firm commitment and sticking to it. Instead of providing an open-ended update with a "hang in there" message, please be professional and honor your customer by thinking through what a realistic postponement is given your quality standards, explicitly put it in writing, and hold yourself accountable. Though I agree with Melissa, it's important to keep backers updated. Without some plan, backers will be left to chargeback their transactions with the credit card companies. I'm as excited as everyone else to receive the finished product, but PLEASE DON'T RUSH. I would rather wait another couple months and receive a quality product than receive it today and discover something doesn't work properly. Keep doing what you're doing to make sure the aquarium is up to our standards! :) When should we expect something to be completed and shipped? Any updates? Jesus I completely forgot I backed this. It was suppose to ship 3 months ago, what gives? Update please!!!!! Update please!!!!! Is it just me or does it seem like this project is way behind -- it seemed as if they were ready to ship a while ago -- now, here you are just getting samples. Are we getting mixed signals ? What's the ETA for shipping a final product? If your only receiving "sample" parts from the factory then does that mean delivery of the Fish Tanks will be further delayed? Thanks for the update. Hope it all goes well. Good luck, guys. What's going on guys? Um, please update with current status please? My little fish are starting to hate me -- and I'm worried the animal fish protection services are going to be knocking at my door soon..... Please update us on where the new home for our gilled companions is located and when we might be able to have them. Update please!!!!! any new updates on the shipping dates? I'm very excited to get mine. Do you have a shipping schedule yet? Thanks. Is it shipping soon, my sisters b-day is mid April Shipping schedule? I have found, in other fishkeeping experience, that plants use the same nutrients as algae, and can assist in keeping the tank algae free. in a tank of this size, with even a small (5) school of cardinals, a few plants would provide enough oxygen without a bubbler or filter. I would also suggest doing more frequent water changes, with declorinated water, to insure your buffer stays active. the buffer is a collection of bacteria and micro-organisms that provide breakdown of fish waste and prevent algae blooms. Quick question - do we have to clean the sides of the aquarium? Seems like the water filters out the water, but does the gunk get on the sides? I'm so excited. April can't get here soon enough! @Craig and David, Hey guys, I might have missed it, but I wasn't able to find where to purchase the $15 LED light when I bought the tank... Is there something I'm missing or should I just be patient? Thanks a bunch, super excited as i've always wanted a beta fish and now my lazyness doesn't get in the way How do you join the shipping notification list? I'm a buyer from the UK and want to know how much I need to send to cover shipping. Thanks. Not only am I be a backer and soon to be a frequent buyer but I would like to be a mermaid for the future life size tank :-) congrats friends. I'll promote and support you. Congrats on a fabulous looking product and a successful Kickstarter! Will the cleaning spouts be that beautiful copper on the larger production run? Congratz! This is the start to your new business... Well done and have a great new endeavour. You guys have done a fantastic job and are ending it with a BANG - 2 of your best days ever!! Looking forward to receiving and using my aquariums. Hey everyone, keep a lookout - I think these guys may have more neat new products up their sleeves sometime in the future. $50,000+! congrats, craig and david! I just added $15 to my pledge. Is that good for adding the white LED lights? OMG! soo close to finishing!!! I can't wait!!! WAITING FOR IT TOO END ...................So I can get my fishtank of course BooYAh Guys, no need to answer, I just saw the "manage your pledge" button. Guys, I pledged a total of $80 for one aquarium and bright-white LED. Now that I know that shipping to Singapore is $60, how do I pay this amount? If I want to order another aquarium and white LED, how do I change my original pledge to the new one? Thanks David and Craig, I was so excited to find this! I submitted a pledge and adjusted it later to add the LED lights. When I did this, I had to process another Amazon transaction, I received a receipt for the original amount and the new amount. I will only be billed the new adjusted pledge amount, correct? So if let's say I want buy 4 aquariums 3 colored LEDs and 1 Bright white LEDs and I living in Singapore..what will be the total cost amoubt i have to pledge including shipping fees ? David and Craig, I've gotten nothing but VERY POSITIVE feedback from contacts who were able to pledge or not! Everyone loves the concept of NO CLEAN AQUARIUMS! With 10 days to go, I'm really hoping BACKERS ARE SHARING YOUR PROJECT WITH MORE AND MORE PEOPLE who'd appreciate the response you've gotten so far, and would like to contribute to your future success! BE A BETTA BACKER! I need to know the shipping fee to Japan pretty soon. guys, with 11 days to go can you let me know what's shipping like to singapore? Hi Craig & David, Can you tell me the shipping cost to Singapore. Hi Dave and Craig, I'm looking forward to getting the two new NoClean Aquariums I ordered (or pledged?) for my office reception area. Before shipping, I will want to add lights, though I'm not sure which way to go between bright or colored. Rocks or glass? Good luck with this project! Will you send us a message asking which LED package we would like or do you add it yourself when you "pledge" ? :] Looking forward to seeing the USPS shipping option, because I'm sorry, but there's no way I'm paying twice the price of the product just for shipping. transportation cost damn expensive :( Great idea, but the name almost sounds like a campaign for dirty aquariums! Great idea, I have a suspicion your project will surge when you have sorted out the int'l shipping! Now to decide which type of Betta fish I want.... By the way, does anybody else see Purple, not Pink for the last LED light? Am I color-blind? Would it help to have an algae eating critter to do some extra duty or not at all - as they won't find anything to eat? I've been meaning to get a new bowl for my beta, but this is even better! Can't wait! ic..hope international shipping can be determined and processed within 49 days..plan to pledge 210 for four aquariums :) any updates on international shipping :) Fantastic idea! I sent y'all a message about my thoughts, but thought I'd post it here too in case others want to weight in on this. I breed bettas, most of mine are large halfmoons imported from Thailand. I know there are many halfmoons available in the US as well. I really hope a more horizontal version of this tank could be made....I know it would probably mess with the physics of it all, BUT....I know my males (and females especially) like to swim back and forth rather than up and down. Some folks even think that more vertical tanks can lead to males becoming tail biters, but I really don't know for sure about this! Can't wait to see your future projects, and hope y'all can make a gallon tank that would allow a possible small heater to be put in for those who are in colder areas too! Very exciting indeed, this entire idea! YAY! Great work!!!! Love the "much BETTA and more eFFICient" part of the video and how Craig laughs after David says that. I was wondering how tightly the light lid fit onto the tank, because a) since bettas are surface breathers woud it be ok to leave that on all the time? and b) I have two cats and I'm sure they will attempt to go fishing while I'm away at work, so depending on how the lid fits I might place it in a more inaccessible area of the house. :) Frogs would be really interesting! I have done some research and have found out that the minimum amount of water should be a 1 gallon at the least. Are these tanks safe for the fish to thrive in not just survive in? is blue gourami fishes suitable for this aquarium?..it is one of the labyrinth species Hi, how much water is contained in each of the two reseviors (sp?) How much water is removed during the cleaning cycle? How much water do you have to put in once the cleaning cycle is complete? Thanks Yes! I too am interested in a larger setup. I am not sure about the physics, but if everything was scaled proportionately larger in terms of dimensions, wouldn't the larger setup work just like the smaller setup? In terms of efficient cleaning, fish waste management and the eco-system, I suppose there must be a limit as to how much larger a setup can be.... I would be very interested in this setup on a larger scale - say 2-3 feet tall! Betta fish don't get their oxygen from the water like gill-breathers. They get their air by swimming to the top and gulping the air from the surface. So happy to see how many people recognize what a great idea this is! Love the idea of your perpetually clean aquarium on one's desk where that happy Betta fish will brighten the work day for everyone that see it! Cynthia Steven and Andrew, fair comments, just depends what you like, maybe the clear pipe could be an option? Hey I hope this can be make available to other countries as well..don mine paying for delivery charges..living in Singapore and very interested to get this aquarium :) i agree with steven. the brass is a nice touch. I think it gives it more of that "Proudly Made in the USA" look. This tank looks like it'd last for generations! @Alasdair Dunlop- I think it's a matter of preference for the exit pipe on the outside. To me that gives the tank a more inventive steampunk feel and I actually like it a lot. Love the product and have just become a backer but I am in the UK, can you let us Brit's know about international shipping please? Also, the one thing I have to say is the brass pipe on the rear isn't the most pleasing thing to look at...is there a way you can make it clear like the internal pipe? Best of luck with the project. I didn't see the dimensions of the aquarium, can you please list it? will the rocks hinder the dirty stuff from getting to the bottom reservoir? do you think small platys will be ok inside? thanks! Would it be acceptable to just have a little goldfish in the Aquarium, or is it too small? I am a buyer from HK, I am wondering is it OK to ship product to HK?? Does anyone use a heater for their bettas? I imagine this would go well in Petco or someplace similar. Part of me wonders how big this will be after Kickstarter. Yeah it definitely will. I was one of the first backers and I knew it would take off, right when I saw the video. Wow! Met and exceeded that goal pretty quickly. This one looks like it is going to take off! I can't wait to get my NoClean Aquariums! Yeah I was thinking goldfish... Bettas do well in a small amount of water that sits still for the day. The tank doesn't look that big, so something like ornamental goldfish would be limiting. I imagine a small feeder type goldfish would do ok if the tank is a gallon or so. Bettas are easy to keep in a simple tank. Is there a reason why this tank is only for Bettas? Just curious... Do bettas like lights? Do you leave the light on all the time or turn it on only when viewing/feeding? Sad that the colored lights use button cells rather than AAA batteries. I went for one of each so I can try both and see what works better. I just saw that they use AAA batteries, thanks. How do the large bright LED lights work? Are they battery operated or plugged in? Also, how does it attach on top of the aquarium? Thanks! Since I've never enjoyed the task of cleaning an aquarium, I've been waiting for a self cleaning operation for some time. Can't wait to receive and use these in my home and in my office.