@Backers, new update is available. @Backers, new update is available. @Marc, please fill out the new survey for a refund @Backers, new update is available @Backers, new update is available @Backers, we'll have an update tomorrow. @Backers, Change of address survey coming soon. @John, there's an update with the final shipping date. @John, also a different sensor @John, A new PCB @Backers, new update is available @Backers, Shipping date will be available soon. @Backers, new video update is available. @Backers, New video update will be available soon. @Brian, Agreed but we wanted to do one last update with everyone delivery info and again our apology @Backers, Our goal is simple to deliver the very best possible product to everyone. @William, We'll be more than happy to talk with anyone on this matter. @Dave, working on it. @Backers, New update is available @Ryan, Our apology but we just want to deliver the best possible product to everyone @Keith, Everyone should receive their wallet no later than the end of October @Ryan, I certainly understand your frustration @Backers, We wanted to make one last update before we start shipping, everyone's going to receive their wallet soon. @backers, We're preparing the shipments now, We'll email everyone with a tracking number soon and an update to download the Link app. @Backers, nothing matter to us more than keeping our promise to deliver every wallet, but what matter to us more is to deliver every wallet as the world's thinnest, smartest wallet. @Backers, new update is available @Backers, an update will be available soon. @Backers, We have shown the wallets many times on most of our updates but all of our backers will be very happy soon and thank you for those who understood perfection over a little delay. @Mike, agreed. @Backers, every wallets will be deliver soon. @Backers, we want our next update to be our last, before we start shipping. @Backers, A new update will be available soon. @Abdulhady, our focus is to deliver a great product sometime time isn't on our side but our focus never change. @Sascha, our apology, we hope to make it up to you soon. @Ian, our apology for the lack of communication. New video update is available A new video update will be available soon. @Adam, we'll be more than happy to send you a wallet now and you'll come back to post another comment or complaint because we didn't fix certain issues or we didn't send you a wallet that wasn't as promise, we understand everyone frustration but sending everyone a fully finished product is our #1 focus and promise just be a little patience for us to accomplish that, thank you and again our apology. @Roshan,with all due respect, you're wrong in this particular case Kickstarter wasn't our only funding but I can guaranty you at the end everyone will be very happy with our products that's our only focus. @Rayn and backers, We can assure you this minor delay won't be long but necessary. @John, soon very soon @Mike, we want to send you a wallet that's the world's thinnest, smartest wallet and we want behind our products @Backers, guys be little patience, we're all doing our best. @Backers, We're doing our best, be a little patience. @Backers, Please reply to the new update as soon as possible. Thank you @Gary everything is still on track! @Backers, The link for the live AMA recording is available on the updates section of our page. @Backers, We can assure you everyone will receive their wallets. there is nothing more that we want is for you guys to receive those wallets. We understand your frustration but every single one of you guys will receive your wallet soon. Guys our apology, a new video update is available. New update is available. New updates available. @Backers, We are currently updating our app for iOS 7. This occurred because Apple requires any new or updating apps to be optimize by February. Hello backers Hope all is well. Once again we would like to thank you for your support and patience. We want you to know, our daily goal is to have the wallet delivered to you are your loved ones. It is with great joy to announce that we are on tract to start delivery by February. Thank you! Hello Backers, We have a new update and our apology for our late update. @BACKERS, IT WAS IN OUR INTENTIONS TO HAVE THE WALLETS DELIVERED BY EARLY DECEMBER, BUT TO NO FAULT OF OUR OWN, WE HAVE RECEIVED SOME DELAYS. THE CARDS WERE SENT IN GOOD FAITH; ITS PURPOSE WAS TO SHOW YOU THAT WE HAVE NOT FORGOTTEN ABOUT YOUR ORDERS. WE APOLOGIZE FOR ANY INCONVINIENCE THAT YOU HAVE EXPERIENCED. WE HOPE YOU ACCEPT OUR SINCERE APOLOGIES. MAY YOU HAVE A WONDERFUL HOLIDAY SEASON WITH YOUR LOVE ONES. WE ARE DEDICATED TO PUT FORTH THE BEST PRODUCT. WE THANK YOU FOR YOUR PATIENCE. Hey guys, nothing would make us more than happy for you guys to receive the wallet. We apologize for the delay, we are working for you guys to receive the wallet as soon as possible but we have to follow guidelines. We apologize for the delay, we mailed you guys some cards last week. Hey guys, we're hoping to start shipping this week for the holidays. Hello backers, we received a lot of request for change of address if you would like to change your address, send us a message as soon as possible. A new update is now available. @Tyquinten,TSett,William&backers: We will have a video update soon but We are glad to say everything is on track to be delivered by the December 15. @Cliff and Brandon, We will have an update soon, but everything is on track. @RajeshK we are in the mass production stage now. Everything should be delivered no later then December 15th. @Arning, we are on track for all certification and we will have a more visual manual for our international backers. @Nick, send us a direct mail on Kickstarter and we'll note the change for you. @Ashley, Only temporarily for the Kickstarter backers that missed our campaign or had failed payment. It's ending soon. That was a general update but we already emailed the failed payment backers. Our apology. @Jacques, the name of the app will also change to Link not Locus. US and International pre-order are available directly on our website. @John, Thank you John for helping Rob. @Rob, Send us a direct mail on Kickstarter @Richard, definitely just send us an email on Kickstarter @Colton, the back cover will be the same color as the wallet. @Arning, Locus no more. @Julian, It's not just a logo. @Vicent, www.lucoswallet.com should be live today. @Javier, We should have the pictures soon. @Erik, At this time to control production and to deliver on time, we can't. Our apology. @Dave, All of the colors are available on our Kickstarter page. @Arning, Send us a direct email directly on Kickstarter, for us to change it for you. @Lee, we made the stretch goal for the RFID back cover without the keychain but as a thank you to everyone who supported us on Kickstarter we giving the back cover with the keychain as an option free of charge, and yes all the back cover will be the same color as the wallet. @Stacy and Jacques, We'll post a picture soon, and the keychain is removable @Jason, We will post a picture as soon as possible. @Richard, early next week @Dead Master and Ryan, There's a possibility. @Jacques, Thank you. We here at Ping* Wallet would like to thank all of our supporters from the bottom of our hearts. We will be moving forward in processing all of your orders as scheduled. Please check back here or our website for future updates. @Abbas, Thank you, and that's correct now everyone get the back RFID blocker @Sherrick, Thank you My apology.@Sherrick, The battery in Ping* isn't rechargeable but can last up to 2 years and we will have a replacement kit online. @Ryan, The battery in Ping* isn't rechargeable but can last up to 2 years and we will have a replacement kit online. @Aming, Definitely and thank you for your support. @Richard, If you already change the card details it shouldn't be a problem. @Michael, Thank you. we mainly focusing on Android and iOS now, Windows and Blackberry should be next. @William, We are very happy to help and as active duty service man we want to say thank you @Rajesh, I'll send you a message the moment we post more pictures. @Rajesh, We just added the RFID aluminum back cover sample, We'll have more pictures soon. @Cliff, If we don't reach our stretch goal for the back cover with the keychain we will make it available to everyone on our site for a small fee to all of our backers. But with your help you can spread the word with friend, family and on social networks. @Jeff, Thank you Jeff and the survey will include shipping address and color of choice if applicable. @Marcelo, A survey will be send out to all backers after the campaign is over. @Zero410, Correct, Our limits are only to control production and for us to deliver on time but you should be fine. @S.L., Thank you to all of our Backers. @Simonski, understand. @S.L., We are very happy to offer the full RFID full protection back cover. @Cliff, Cloud search for Ping* is one of our top priority and the RFID full protection back cover with keychain is still possible. @Cliff, We still working on the cloud search hopefully we'll have it ready by delivery. Both operating systems ( Android and iOS) will be supported at launch. @Simonski, You can use the wallet to make your phone beeps. @Simonski, Only using Sounds. @Praveen, Great minds think alike. @Simonski, Using the Ping* app when you press on Find my wallet you'll see the radar screen when you press on radar screen you will be able to located the wallet using proximity search you can see the wallet as you get closer or farther away from the wallet or you can double click on the radar screen to buzz the wallet using sounds. @Cliff, Thank you for your support. The RFID full protection back cover is detachable with the keychain, we'll be sharing more pictures soon for the RFID aluminum back cover. @S.L., Thank you S.L. We are hard at work, on track for early December delivery and hope to reach our stretch goal soon @Lan, Thank you Lan and everyone for your support to Ping* @Miguel, If we reach our stretch goal for the RFID Back cover protection everyone will get one, and if we don't we'll make it available on our Website (www.pingwallet.com) to everyone. @Eiliko, you don't have to cancel your pledge, you can always update the new card directly with your Amazon Acct. Kickstarter doesn't charge until the campaign is over, so you have plenty of time to receive the new card and update it directly with Amazon. @Eiliko, It should just don't drop it inside the asphalt. @Simonski, Yes using sounds. @Julian, The Ping black version comes with a white logo but send us a direct email for any request. @Cliff, The BT signal is pretty strong. @J W HAMILTON, We'll make a note of that, Thank you. @Cerity"Legendary Bottlejak" Silverhawk, Ping was founded by Phillipe, Alix and our head designer Gaby. GPS: Global Positioning System @Bree, the RFID back option will be available. @ Luis, Our stretch goal should be available soon. @ Jimmy, the RFID blocker back cover stretch goal will be for everyone including previous backers and new backers. We plan on releasing our stretch goal as soon as we reach our funding goal. @Steve, you can easily adjust the wallet range (short to long). @Julian, you can turn off any alert or open a tab to remind you at a later time from 15 seconds to 12 hours. The wallet doesn't track your location but when you home or at work you can extend the range from short to long. @Cry0, I have been using my Ping wallet for six months now without any problem with money bills. But we're working on the back cover design for RFID blocker and more. @Syadzwana, The RFID blocker for the Back is coming. @Sarah, We're working on our stretch goals, adding the RFID blocker back is one our goal. @Christopher, Great minds think alike, but yes the battery will be replaceable and the kit will be available on www.pingwallet.com for a very small fee. @Christopher, We left the top part open so you can easily remove or search for any card from the wallet. I been using my Ping* wallet for almost six months now, and the cards are perfect without any damage. Don’t know how many years it’s been but, I haven’t forgotten about you thieves. Ah yes, the hand of a scammer holding a wallet that haunts our dreams. Not sure why they still have their faces on the video :) My first negative experience with Kickstarter (but not the last unfortunately). Thanks for nothing guys! As per plenty of others, no refund/gift card ever received unsurprisingly. Still thinking about finding you guys. Want my money. Just checking in. I trust life has paid these slime balls back by now. I need my money back, after all this years your failure is the host that still with you. Where’s my refund at !!!!!! Where is my refund? Hi, backer #456 here ! I have not received my reward, nor any further information regarding reward. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward, nor any further information regarding reward. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. scammers Are they gone? Where is my refund? I am backer #785. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. And... Where is my money? dont expect anything for those theives , they did not even bother to renew their domain membership, <url>#%$ing joke! This pair of complete criminals and Kickstarter are as bad as each other in my opinion. When did it become 'OK' to just take the money from so many people and fail to deliver or even hold your hands up be accountable for your total incompetence? Nothing short of robbery! Kickstarter account deleted! Refund my Money!!! I'm still waiting for my refund. Hey you THIEFS, where's the refunds? I certainly didn't get mine. Fuck You Scumbags on Kent St for allowing this RIPOFF! WHERE IS MY REFUND ASSHOLE @Jason: Kickstarter took their cut and washed their hands of this mess once the project was funded. They will not do anything. We got burned, but fortunately it was a relatively cheap lesson learned. If you like something on Kickstarter, make a note of it and pay retail when it hits the store. I'd rather pay a little more and get something than gamble on longshots, which is what these projects are. if they had solid business plans and the ability to bring the product to market, they wouldn't need to rely on crowdfunding. You would think Kickstarter would have stepped in and did something. A credit to back something else and they could go after these pigs to recoup their money?????? Something even if it was a fraction of what we go robbed of. At what point do we sue kickstarter??? Just checking in. It's been years now. Haven't backed anymore projects in Kickstarter. They never even took the time to chat with me about it. Just a generic response. Kickstarter your just as bad as these scumbags. At least a sorry something! hahaha, these assholes took our money. Ban them from KS, but watch out for them on other crowdfunding sites. THese jokers will bilk people out of their money, thinking they're savvy business people, but in reality they're uneducated shitheads stealing money. Fuck them. I don't have mine either!! Great job from kickstarter!!! Great job guys! Hey you ganefs, where's everyones refunds? I certainly didn't get mine. At this point the I would like a refund! It had been years and I never received the Gift Cards we were promised either...broken promises! Karma is a **** an you fuckers will get what's coming to you! Hi, I would like a refund because I did not receive my wallet. Could you please refund to the card I made payment on? Sorry, second link was supposed to be this: <url>� When will I get my wallet? Any news? over a month later, nothing received. A total scam or just failed business people. Know their names and shame them every chance you get. Nothing received yet. I have not received my refund yet. These guys are a couple of scammers. Lesson learned. Bastards.. And Kickstarter too.. They really don't care about anything. Oh, hold on! They care about their money, they get.. Consumerist picked up this story again and, surprise surprise, Alex and Phillip Jean can't be reached. The website doesn't work and neither do their emails. <url>"So there's this guy and he meets a friend. And he tells him, guess what, PING/Link Wallet promised me a refund. I'm sure it will arrive before Dec. 22nd." 3 projects backed, more than 600$ and nothing has arrived!!! FUCK YOU KICKSTARTER TEAM!!! it is what it is, we got robbed. Im never doing kickstarter again. Refund????!!! Where is my refund??!! No point in yelling unfortunately, they haven't logged in since 23rd Dec 2014 :( REFUND MY MONEY. YES IM YELLING!! Has ANYONE actually received a refund/gift card yet? (I doubt it...) I have not received my refund yet. So you officially have 3 months from Monday to issue refunds! If I do not receive my refund BY December 22, 2015 like promised I will be seeking legal counsel! I have not received my refund. What gives. It's been over a year! I don't have my refund??? So? So......? *COUGH* <url>"bad taste". Certainly I am personally now looking much closer at which projects if any I will choose to support. I have three at the moment either as dead losses like this or so late, technnology has overtaken them Just finished my FCC complaint and kickstarter will never see another dime from me. Where's my money **** The fraud continues...$125 paid for Xmas 2013 presents, and nothing received. The reason Kickstarter do nothing is that this is a pretty usual result This was only the second KS I pledged to, after being satisfied by my first one before this one. Results from 25 pledges over many years: (Note 39 in total actually backed...only presenting results from first 25 which are all at least a year overdue) Delivered and OK = 5 Delivered and unsatisfactory, very poor quality or did not work at all 2 Still in progress and appear to be on track 3 Nothing received, and 1 - 2 years late 14, (effectively same result as these guys, but not quite as long a time interval, and not quite so blatantly a fraud) On Dec. 22nd 2014, they said we could get a refund gift card within a year. So they have a few more months to issue refunds. I doubt they will send out any refunds though. I've basically chalked this one up as a loss. Which really sucks, because this has really turned me off of Kickstarter. I will never contribute to Kickstarter again if this is how it can turn out, that Kickstarter just lets people get ripped off. BTW I know they don't login anymore to Kickstarter. If anyone knows about another project these thieves are starting let us know to warn people not to support them. We are still waiting for our refunds you Ping Wallet scum! Refund you scammers! Come on guys where is the refund??!! When am I getting my refund? Where are these cards? Also waiting on my refund! More than half way through the year and still no refund.being that I have it in writing, if I do not receive said refund I will be contacting my legal counsel! Where is my refund?? I still didn't receive ANYTHING! This team seems willing to resolve their issues: <url>"Greed is a terrible thing" - I hope they make a example out of you thieves. Under which category should we file our complaint with the FTC? You beat me to it @Ryan, was about to post a similar link: <url>" Then never said anything? Then congrats them for the info? What happen there? I wonder when I'll get my wallet? It sure is taking a while. That ain't no shit John dean I don't think we'll be getting anything from these thieves... I wonder if there's a way to actually go to the police department directly... Her not he. Stupid fingers. 13vrod if you call her again, tell he to run. Just talked to Vanessa and she has no idea about any kickstarter deal Same here, still no refund or link wallet. Kickstarter has for me moved to be a place for sc*** and no stop against this from the platform staff. I'm still waiting for refund... Any one tried file a Small Claim in FL court against them? I have not received a refund or a wallet or anything yet! Just left a message for Vanessa Hassele - I don't expect a call back - But I am going to keep calling... Well I'm proud of you guys, thank you for giving us all this information... Sorry I disappeared there for a while. Did anyone try connect to Vanessa Hassele? Refund? Same address as Alix Narcisse - call and complain Vanessa Hassele Business Telephone 561-203-5797 Business Website one-shotmarketing.com Business Email vanessa@one-shotmarketing.com BUSINESS LOCATION Address 1 3585 NE 207th Avenue Address 2 Bay 9 Suite #800304 City Aventura Zip/Postal Code 33280 State Florida Country United States here's more info on the pair of crooks: <url># 801105 Miami, FL 33280. The company's principal address is 3585 Ne 207th Ave Bay 9 # 801105 Miami, FL 33280 and its mailing address is 3585 Ne 207th Ave Bay 9 # 801105 Miami, FL 33280 Where's my money!???? The phone number that was posted awhile ago has either been changed or wasn't even real to begin with, which I guess could be expected. When I called I asked for Alix and the person told me I must have the wrong number. I did a little investigating and traced the phone number to an owner in Hollywood, FL which is just north of Miami using TMobile as their provider. Oh, da unten steht respekt-und rücksichtsvoll bei einem Kommentar. Warum geht Ping Wallet den mit seinen Kunden nicht so um? Warum werden seid 3monaten keine Infos mehr geliefert? Warum gibt's kein Statement von kickstarter? Warum soll ich dann nicht absolut abgef..t sein und das auch mal schreiben dürfen? Ja, ihr kleinen hinterforzigen betrüger, ich meine euch! Ihr gehört in den klingelpütz und am besten zu den föttchensfölern (viel Spaß beim übersetzten). Oh, da unten steht respekt-und rücksichtsvoll bei einem Kommentar. Warum geht Ping Wallet den mit seinen Kunden nicht so um? Warum werden seid 3monaten keine Infos mehr geliefert? Warum gibt's kein Statement von kickstarter? Warum soll ich dann nicht absolut abgef..t sein und das auch mal schreiben dürfen? Ja, ihr kleinen hinterforzigen betrüger, ich meine euch! Ihr gehört in den klingelpütz und am besten zu den föttchensfölern (viel Spaß beim übersetzten). Last login Dec 23 2014 Says it all really... Has anyone posted something on their LinkedIn profile yet? Nobody has received a thing from these guys. We're already 3 months into the new year and nothing. Same story as with the garbage product they tried to fool us with... Links? And maybe someone should let consumerist know. They can't do another story to help here but maybe it could be about him in general showing how he's trying to steal from other people. He's all over the net. Begging for money. Scamming anyone and everyone. Not here still waiting Anyone received a gift card? I am really disgusted by this project because i feel like I've been robbed of my money. Not because I got an awful product but because I got nothing. You stole my money right out of my pocket. Maybe we should start leaving these comments on his linked in profile so everyone can see....or post them to all his contacts....same with FB and Twitter.. Also you guys should check out the following site about him: <url>"Swindlers, thieves ...... etc. Because of thieves like these, it takes away the desire to support any project, and pay others who want to do things right" And I agree 100%. And as I've said before and I'll say again, for me personally, I don't care about getting my money back. I just want to make sure these swindlers don't steal anyone else's money. Which is why I will explicitly state that Alix Narcisse and Phillipe J. Jean are thieves who have stolen $59,030 which was given in good faith that they would at least attempt to deliver on the product they promised on. Hopefully when someone google searches either of their names this post will come up to help warn others. Estafadores, ladrones......etc . Por culpa de ladrones como estos, pagan otras personas que quieren hacer bien las cosas, quitan las ganas de apoyar ningún proyecto Isn't stealing money, making money? That can't be them, I just read a article that said they're making money. Our guys only steal money EDIT: There's a shopping mall there as well but who knows if they are truly there... Interesting how Google Maps puts the address listed on Matt's link as a parking lot... Picstar, Inc 3585 NE 207th St Miami, FL 33280 Contact: Alix Narcisse Title: President Phone: 305-890-7894 Full refund when??? F....k it's incredible this happens! Nice Matt Let us know what that POS has to say So I did a bit of research, it looks like Alix and Phillipe set up another company last year called Picstar, Inc. It's their only active company, all the previous OGT The Mobile Device Company; Narcisse Brands, Inc; Zypt, Inc. etc. are all inactive. They have a phone number listed, I'll try and call it tomorrow, have a chat with Alix! <url>"some time in the next eleven months". They could hole up in Australia like <url>"Hi Matt, Thanks for reaching out. We've repeatedly warned Link Wallet to refund orders when requested so it's disappointing to hear that this is still going on. I'll see if there's anything we can do on our end but in the meantime, I'd recommend that you dispute the transaction with your bank to force a refund. Cheers, Edward" Lol...too bad I can't upload the photo, but even their app knows we're not getting the wallets! I turned on the find my wallet in their app and it says "No Link Wallet Found!" LMFAO! Just posted this to trycelery (<url>"Hi, I was a backer of a project called Link Wallet on Kickstarter. To cut a long story short, these guys have defrauded the backers of this project to the tune of $59,030, we have no wallets and they are not going to ship them (<url>" The website looks like it's back up, and accepting pre-orders! How they are getting away with this, I don't know. I've downloaded the app and left a bad review, I suggest everyone do the same. I'll also try and contact the payment processing company they're using for pre-orders, see if I can get them to shut these fraudsters down. I'll also be contacting my credit card company to get a refund through them. All I wanted (ans still want!) was a wallet... :( On iOS it's link_wallet This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Would anyone at this point even trust their product if they did receive it? I honestly wouldn't be surprised to read a story saying "Founders of Link Wallet charged with stealing credit card information via RFID from people using their wallets" Someone needs to go after these guys... I don't know how but it feels like they just robbed all of us. Good,uck getting those visa giftcards.. Their website is gone already. Anyone have the link to the iOS app in the iTunes Store? I've searched and can't find it. I'd love to leave them an interesting review � I don't want a refund.. $50 is irrelevant. I want a wallet. Anyone believes they will be refunding us? I´m not sure!!! So how will they make the money to give us our refunds? Anyone have success in getting a charge back from their credit card? www.linkwallet.com Website Expired This account has expired. If you are the site owner, click below to login. Looks like they're packing up for the next scam Wheres my refund?? I dont feel like waiting a year for the next excuse!! I went on the App Store and left a terrible review I recommend everyone on here do the same. Ping/link you will get what coming to you POS Wheres my refund?? I dont feel like waiting a year for the next excuse!! Kickstarted and link/ping same pile Victor, How do I report a project? If you see a project or any behavior on a project page that you believe violates our rules or Terms of Use, the best way to let us know is with the "Report this project" button at the bottom of the project page. When you submit a report, please provide as much detail as you can (links to the page with the concern, links to an account, details of the problem, etc.). There isn't much to say about this project and their producers. Kickstarter should look into this more carefully, since this project obviously more than just a failure. It simply is shameless and smells like fraud. How do I report a project? If you see a project or any behavior on a project page that you believe violates our rules or Terms of Use, the best way to let us know is with the "Report this project" button at the bottom of the project page. When you submit a report, please provide as much detail as you can (links to the page with the concern, links to an account, details of the problem, etc.). Ping - send bank draft immediately. You have my address. You have asked for it several times. I, like you live in Florida. Let's move this along. I think we are at breech of contract. As items are bought online we can add wire fraud. What is going on? I haven't heard anything in months I want and update now. Loserstarter has never respond to my emails. I'm done with them! Ping/link scumbags your never getting rid of me. Kickstarter is just leaning back and don't care in any cases. At the end they got their money. I will not do anything on Kickstarter anymore: Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Dec 27 14:09 Hi Sascha, Here at Kickstarter HQ, we expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if they’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>’t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. I hope that this helps to address your concerns, but please don’t hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. Best, Alfie I'm gonna reach out to them alright Thanks for that kickstarter Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Dec 26 12:29 Hi Jason, Willis with Kickstarter Support here. Thanks for reaching out about this and I'm sorry to hear that you've had a frustrating experience backing this project. In an update posted earlier this week, the creator announced that they will be issuing refunds to those backers who would like one. <url>"Thank you for giving us the money to make this product. We are now selling the product you bought to other people online and through retail venues but we swear you will get a refund" Really? One more year to get a refund? I want my refund now, I don´t want wait 1 year to get my money back @Ryan: I don't know about your letter from the AG but mine said that they had tried to contact Link but that Link had refused to cooperate with them. Maybe we should take this to other parties like the BBB, of course it would be hard to beat their current F rating (though I do wonder if the retailers they're selling to have been made aware of their rating) Nobody is getting a wallet. Their plan seems to be to try and sell wallets on their website to pay us off over the next year. If you want a wallet, you can order one from their website. I imagine they've been contacted by the Florida Attorney General (many of us have contacted them including myself who received a "thank you" in the mail from then) and are trying to avoid litigation. So basically what you're saying in your update is that you have the money to make the product, you're going to continue selling the product, and at some point within the next 365 days everyone who backed the kickstarter will get a visa gift card refunding their money? Sooo... basically the same lies you've been telling all along but now you're trying to give yourselves a year to sell this product in retail environments and hope that we stop giving you bad press? Oh sorry, was that something I should have said in the private update area instead of the public comments area? I like on the app iOS its says last updated sep 9th Guys cut your losses. We ain't ever gonna see the wallets or the money. Holding my breath !!!! When should we expect the wallet if we don't want a refund 1 year to refund? And what happened to "we will send out the wallet regardless"? You guys are doing great! Keep 'em coming If anyone is thinking to act against them, I´m in. @Phil: We tried to bring Kickstarter into this but from the responses we've got they wouldn't do anything but email the creator of the project. If only another website would write an article to prevent more people from being scammed. Kickstarter needs to step in this is ridiculous! Can't even give an simple update. @Adam K. I am also in. So disgusted with this whole thing :0( . . . Refund! Personally I do feel some shame at being scammed by someone who would post all of their personal information on the whois for their website. @Humberto All of these comments are in the public area so they wouldn't have to login. My guess is they were going to kickstarter to setup a new scam and forgot they were still logged in under their old account. My family lives in Miami and I plan on seeing them beginning of the year , definitely going to make an appearance Guys, don't you see? They are planning their next excuse and have to see what we are posting under comments to see what type of possible lame excuse we haven't covered here. That explains why they logged in during the past couple of days. They also logged in today, two days in a row. PROGRESS! Well at least they logged in yesterday.... Guys, we had it all wrong. It wasn't that they would get the wallets to us by today, it was that they would bother to login to kickstarter today. Of course they could just be preparing their next scam, I mean I'm sure they've already spent the money they bilked from us. I give up. I'm considering this a loss and moving on. It's not worth my time. You had me for a second. Lol right I got mine and an extra one as a special thank you!! Naw, but at this point we shouldn't expect anything from these losers. Anyone got a refund or there wallet yet? Figure I'd ask but know it's a long shot with this poor excuse of a business I keep looking in my mailbox, but no wallet. Anyone receive yours yet? Please post your reviews here and online when received. /fat chance. December 13 Can't wait 2 more days the wallet will be in my mailbox. Funny how the wallets are to prevent theft and they end up stealing from us Great news guys! Remember this? > We are happy to say that every wallet will be deliver before or by December 15 2014 with a special gift inside every box our way of saying thank you for all your support and understanding. We're just 5 days away from getting our wallets!!! Well it's good to see that the guys at Link are still working to cheat people out of their money. Their store page is back up and running to take pre-orders. Now that's not to say that people should message @trycelery or email <email> to let them know what kind of people are using their service but you have to do what feels right. We want our money back Where IS MY money??? @Adam K., I'm in. If I don't get I wallet or refund by Christmas I will start trying to find these guys. I won't stop until I do. I wish it was easy enough to just request a refund but unfortunately criminals will be criminals. Really guys I would like a refund, please. @Adam K I'm in They just bough 59k of advertising against themselves! @Adam K: LOVE the idea .. I'm in ... ;) @Ping: At least show us a picture of the 59k car you bought with our money! @Adam, your idea isn't so bad, hopefully consumerist will write another article also. I sent the consumerist an update about the state of affairs. I am thinking of starting a kickstarter to take out ad space on linkedin to alert any contacts of Alix and Phillipe about the dangers of doing business with them. If anyone is interested, let me know Did anyone really think they will change their behaviour? The are lying like hell since the beginning and they will not tell anytime the truth about the project. The project is dead and the money is gone. We will get nothing. No refund, no wallet. Refund! Alex and Phillipe: You'd think that after being tainted with the BBB and the Consumerist you would care about your reputation and try and make up for all the BS you have been feeding us. At least be men and own up if aren't going to deliver. Based on your last updated timelines we should be getting our wallets within the next 3 weeks, yet you haven't logged in since Nov 12. Guessing you have no morals or ethics. Oh wait maybe you meant you would deliver by Dec 2015! Oh and funny how this Cody or Cory guy posts something a while back then never follows through. You guys must be related or one and the same. Good luck getting any support on future products! What's the deal yo Again Link strings all of us along. They promised no longer than 2 weeks per update and it's now been over 3. They promised to check in daily and it's been over 18 days now. They promised EVERYONE would have their wallets by December 15, which at this point would be almost impossible for people outside of the US to get it by. Cory clearly decided not to put that update out. He's posted on other kickstarters. Now, is that some clever diversion or if he was silenced (legal ramifications of releasing their personal info?) I don't know. Give us our refunds!!!!!!!!!! It's only when a major website threatens their fake sales that they start acting. Anyone got any other websites that can put up a story about them? Maybe we could get a few more weeks of fake information. Will we get an update soon? Just taking you at your word. The day I posted "I know you read my comments, you login every day" was the last day they logged in. 12 Nov 2014. Coincidence? 7 Nov 2014, Update #26, Comment Section, Post by Ping Wallet "We'll have an update by next week after receiving everyone form" My leg has been pulled once again... Any photos? Any product packages? Any date for delivery to your distribution center? Any anything? Just send refunds to us all and be done. You guys are a joke. I hope jail time awaits you both. I agree with John, people should not let these thieves (And Link guys, prove me wrong) discourage you from Kickstarter completely. The vast majority of the projects I've backed I've either received the product, the date of production has not passed, or the people behind the project have done amazing jobs at keeping us informed about any changes. Richard I have had no problems with KickStarter other than these guys. First and last project I back on kickstarter this is a joke Going to linkwallet.com shows this Website Expired This account has expired. If you are the site owner, click below to login. Can we all just accept that they scammed us. No one is getting anything from them Any update? It's been 12 days since the last update, and we were told we would have another update in 7 days.. Are we getting this before christmas, when are you shipping this.. This has gotten beyond silly, for those that asked for refunds, when will that happen? We need some dates here please.. All i have seen is 'soon' or 'in a week' (which did not happen). I'm sorry but i've waited a whole year and my skepticism is just getting worse with the lack of concrete dates and unfulfilled promises.. Please give us something! Hey @cory sorry to bug but hopefully you have recovered from your flu and can shed some light? I like the way the Ping guys are so much more engaged in the comment section. @Link* Wallet, I know you read my comments, you login every day... sad... part of me thought you might respond. @Link* Wallet, I haven't given up on Kickstarter. This is just one of the most silent projects I've backed. Even when projects are delayed for years other projects voice the journey and let the backers become a part of it. You've denied us the journey. It's this project creators (you, Link* Wallet) treating kickstarter like a store. With updates and false promises of shipping with no peeking behind the curtain even for backers. Of course the backers are going to respond like this is a store if that's all you treat it as. I've backed many projects. Projects like this give kickstarter a bad name and deny future entrepreneurs an opportunity because of the bad taste this experience leaves. 23 year old with a vision keeps us in the loop far better than two "co-owners". <url>"We got the first batch in and they are testing well. Out of respect for all backers we want to ship at one time and we are waiting on the final lot! The app is aproved, but not available for download just yet!" The above is the impression I used to get when they said soon. Now? I think they are waiting on 2.0, trusting it will be okay... waiting to submit the app for certification until the shipment may come this month to find another delay and have to request 3.0 boards and postpone app development. If the answer is yes to the top 2 questions, we will see it this year. If not, maybe next year if ever. @Link Cloud Thanks. I wanted the project creators to commit officially as they have never said anything about the amount and date. Without those, I am not filling out the form. So if they do not respond, it is their mistake for not providing full details and cannot hold me responsible for not filling out the form in the future. @Second Guess, it would be the full amount. Time frame is tricky. Depends on if kickstarter takes action or if project owners do. <url>"refused to cooperate". I mean the only explanation can be that they are so busy putting together our wallets and reward packages that they just didn't have time to respond to an Attorney General. Alvin, In update 25 they have a link to a Google survey. That is what they want filled out. If you changed address or if you would like a "refund". Where is this survey? I received nothing Besides that survey are there any other updates to which we should be made aware of? When will we get our refunds? What about the wallets? Are the wallets still being shipped out in Dec.2014? "We would like to extend our apology to anyone with a full refund starting this December if you do not wish to receive a wallet at this time, you will still receive your wallet either way please keep in mind we can't refund everyone"...I'm confused....do I still get my wallet even if I requested a refund or not? So was I right that if I requested a refund I STILL get the wallet? Because that's basically what it said. I'm not actually holding my breath on getting the wallet or my refund but refund requested! Same. And Refund requested. But I won't hold my breathe. @Brian, they already tried to fly a "Soon" update before, so another one would be 2.0... Update please? now now, there will never be a 2.0, that would require there being a 1.0 in existence. Next update we'll get is going to say: "Soon 2.0" Guys it's been over two weeks since the last update, any chance of another? What progress? In production? Sending out surveys? Any product photos to share? Hello? Anyone home? @Humberto i think the same I do have some sort of gut feeling that they seem to be somehow related (Cory & Ping)... who knows... He does seem to interact in the same time frame (like never). LOL They must of hired him! Lol I wonder if @Cory did get ebola... nothing from no one... I too will be requesting a refund! But why do I need to wait till December? If I'm not getting my reward I should be entitled to my refund immediately. Also unless I'm confused, the way I read their comment is even if get my refund I will STILL get my wallet, just not the mystery gift. So if that is the case then we should ALL request a refund and still get our wallets! LOL @Dyllon's response. On the other hand I still think this wallet will not come anytime "soon". There will always be another excuse or delay, even for those who would like a refund, myself included. You guys are being a little harsh. Cory is under no obligation (unlike Link) to post timely updates. From the sound of his message it would seem Cory is responsible for actually drawing out the creators. Without him we may have never received an update at all. Lastly, for all we know his flu is actually ebola and he could be dying in a hospital as we speak! I bet you would feel horrible calling him out for no updates while he dies a slow death. I think for Cory is no news is the only news. Like this project, it's a sham. I wouldn't hold your breath waiting on an update from Cory. Looking forward to your recap Cory. Thank you, Cory! Sounds like you really helped push things along. There's a lot to this next response. Stand by... I spoke at length with Alex from *Link wallets on Saturday. I feel obligated to disclose the full recap and better articulate the points discussed that preempted his update. I'm just swamped with work right now and recovering from a flu, it will come soon. (Before the wallets, I promise... Hahah) Can't wait to get mine either! Hope it holds up to all the hype @Cory Dudley please go ahead for all info please post !!! Thank you for the update. We would like a refund. @ping wallet Thanks for the update. I will wait for the wallet. I made peace with the fact that I had lost the money months ago. I'm looking forward to the wallet. I hope you're able to recoup some of the money wasted on bad manufacturing partners. It seems like it should be Is it tomorrow yet? Here's your update you will be getting your wallets some time before you are dead thanks ping There's no "looking back at this project with pride." Ever. Even if they gave me my money back and a product 20x better than anyone could have expected. And is anyone actually surprised that they promised bi-weekly updates and not actually kept that promise? Update please! @corey - you said you'd give them 4 days, it's been over a week. Where's the goods? Last I checked 2 weeks was 14 days...it's been 19 without an update. WHERE IS OUR UPDATE! I am seriously so pissed over this! Can you actually keep your word about anything? I feel like I am dealing with a group of liars and scam artists! I am still doubtful I will ever ACTUALLY get my Link Wallet! That's good. I really hope they are able to deliver. I know I have been hard on them but I do hope they can get it together. Then they can look back on this project with pride. Well they are keeping part of their word, they are logging in each day. And these guys have been so good at keeping their word. Until we get to that point, we will continue the updates. We will continue to check in daily to make sure that all your questions are answered from comments and emails, and are responded to in the comments, so that all backers have a chance to see the answers and keep up to date, and we will make sure that we don’t go longer than 2 weeks without an actual progress update. Anyone seen an update? That's what they say. This is the reason they are writing "soon" as it will come in December then.. ;) If December 15 is the expected delivery date why collect address changes now? I also love your consistent use of the word "soon". Experience with you guys has never included anything akin to soon. Only some of my work on past projects if you would like. So far 2 arrests for fraud, and a few other various charges on other people. Good point... And Good catch! I'm just going to have fun now :)... I'm almost done getting all of their personal information, I'm going to plaster every bit of it out for the world to see, (to include pictures, current and past company info, each of the past work experience and current work experiences, projects they're (and their constituents) are currently working on) This is fun for me... People like this and the people that surround them give Kickstarter a bad name... I have followed and received some great products on here and I will stand behind many entrepreneurs. But there has to be accountability and transparency... Because they have provided nothing I will provide it all I just have to confirm everything before I hit "send". It's more printable and point then profit... @Cory, if we are expecting Ping to follow the exact letter of the Terms of Use we should be sure we're actually using the correct ones. The one you're referencing has this at the very top These updated terms go into effect October 19, 2014, at 12 a.m. Eastern Time, and apply to all projects launched on Kickstarter on or after that date. 4 days to go before I let everyone know everything about you guys and how and where to find you (strictly for refunds... Of course... :) <email> Step 1. <url>#section4 Hell hath come guys... @"ping" knock knock... �� Here we come! The new South Park episode epitomizes this "company". Hey guys this might shock and amaze you but the link wallet app is available in the apple App Store. I'm not sure if it does anything, but it is available to download. Well after reading your well thought out response I now see the error of my ways. It certainly wasn't the complete lack of responsiveness by the creators, nor was it how they seemingly vanished from the project altogether until some media outlets picked up this issue. Well I am certainly ashamed and I am going to go off and think about exactly what I did. I think if everyone is just a little more sarcastic in their posts all the problems that people are complaining about will be resolved. 1. Not enough pictures. Since Ping Co. retains sole ownership of their IP I'm sure they would be thrilled to post pictures of their unfinished product, just like every company ever does. Surely people up in arms will feel much better after seeing a) the same hollow shell we've already seen that they will continue to great pains to avoid showing the thickness of or b) the internals, because companies love taking internal photos of their products. 2. Numerous Delays. Congratulations! You've somehow avoided having a basic understanding of what Kickstarter is and somehow think the money you have donated to the project is doing anything other than funding the creativity of the people you chose. We gave money to a project whose production timeline almost literally says "it will be done when we say it will because we're capable people". 2a. The product may be obsolete, which is not helped by the yearlong delay See every article ever about the IPhone 6 vis-à-vis competing phones. 3. It Are A Scam The laziest example of why this won't get you your money back: Game company 3DRealms' former publisher made the same argument in court with all the know-how of their team of high powered corporate lawyers, concerning the FIFTEEN YEAR development time and they lost with prejudice and settled for an undisclosed amount which is secret code for "they paid 3DRealms' legal fees". 4. They are super bad at PR Yeah. They are. Name a company that's good at PR without having hired a PR team. You might think "Too bad it wasn't one of the stretch goals" but considering the previous points would you really want to add on to the cost of the product or be glad that you had? <url>"almost ready to ship" from China in February, why are we waiting till almost a year later? At one point you said you had our devices in hand. What is the truth here? What is the status of the Android and iOS apps? Are the devices produced, are they in country. What DAY will you ship? Come clean, instead of this run around you have given to this point. @CoryDudley Hilarious. Nice one! The verbal diarrhea is much appreciated, please remember to wipe and wash your hands when finished. Hello , I'm waiting almost a year. Meanwhile, my shipping address has changed. Where can I enter in my the current adress so that the wallet can be delivered securely? So 'soon' was 5 days ago, when are we going to receive our wallets?? What is going on? You sent out the backer survey on September 22nd, 2013; nearly one full year ago. I imagine a large number of people have moved or may need to update their mailing address. I would suggest sending a note to everyone asking for an updated address. DON'T do this now because in reality, if you ever DO ship the thing, it won't take place anytime soon so please, do it when you've got the products boxed and ready to go. And it starts again So.. You tell a Journalist that you are planning to ship by the end of the year, Then make a comment about it in the comments section. But yet post an update that whey will be available "Soon"? What you told them should had been posted here as a update. Seriously. I shouldn't have to hunt around for information. And again Ping goes into silent mode. Next month we will hear they are shipping 'soon'. I would think 'soon' in this case would be never. I think soon in their parlance means "we don't know". Photos? Define soon. 10 minutes, 10 hours, 10 years? why backer still think they will get wallets? IS A SCAM!!!! wake up!! Still no photos of boxes of wallets. You have no product to send, do you? Thanks for the video guys!!! "Narcise told Consumerist in an interview on Friday. “I’m a perfectionist.”" Taken from the article @Ping Wallet posted on the Update #22 comments. If this was true, perfectionism would have led to perfect, informative updates and "perfect" facts. Thus far I have seen none. Please do provide more concrete info @Ping Wallet And the video update simply showed functionality that you could have shown a year ago! What we want to see/hear is something concrete concerning manufacturing and shipping of a working product. Do you @creator even understand basic English? No one on this project believes what you're saying, and your half-assed lame "updates" only make things worse! Provide a useful update that gives concrete dates. Or, since a few updates ago you were talking about a "compensation package", give us details of that. Here's a suggestion, refund everyone's money and walk away! That's a compensation package I think everyone could get behind. If anybody wants to file complaint to AG of florida the link is - <url>… I am also copy and pasting @thomas christ previous post to help fill out the form. Here's the information I entered on the Attorney's General website: 1. Subject: Florida Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act 2. Name: Phillipe Jean / linkwallet.com 3. Street: 190 NW 118 Street 4. City: Miami 5. State: Florida 6. Zip: 33160 7. County: Dade 8. Phone: 7862818542 9. website: linkwallet.com 10 Date: 09/20/2013 Don't forget to add your comment about the kickstarted campaign and the minimum that needed to be collected. Hey awesome! I emailed the Consumerist a few days ago about this and I'm super excited to see them pick this story up. I imagine that's why we're finally hearing from the creators here, though, I'm still 100% we're not going to see a thing. Maybe they're scrambling to make some wallets out of paper or something and ship it to us to make it seem like they actually provided a product. How about a REAL UPDATE?? An 'update' is not posting a comment saying 'soon.' Give us something, or everyone continues to press forward to find out personal information about these 'entrepreneurs' and move closer to filing lawsuits. Give us something...Photos? Info? Contact your backers outside of comments like 'I hope you change your view soon". Do you guys even realize the general consensus here? MOST OF YOUR BACKERS THINK YOU'RE A FRAUD. Photos? Lol these guys are complete ass holes they talk about the apple app store rejection what about android idiots, I hope they land there're ass behind bars and are publicly shamed for this scam they ran. And everyone here should do what @second guess did and file a complaint just make an example out of these thieves. Hi all, I got response from AG of florida and I would recommend others contact them also ( and the others at the links provided). "Thank you for contacting Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi regarding your Link Wallet crowdfunding investment with a Mr. Phillipe Jean in Miami, Florida. Thank you for notifying us of this matter. The Florida Attorney General's Office is concerned with all potentially unfair and deceptive trade practices in our state. We use complaints like yours to identify patterns of questionable business activities that may indicate the need for formal investigation or action by our office. We are forwarding your information to the Attorney General's Consumer Protection Division for review. Additionally, I understand that you are trying to obtain a refund, so we are also forwarding your complaint to the state's informal voluntary mediation program at the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (DACS), Division of Consumer Services. You may follow up with the mediation program directly, at: Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services Division of Consumer Services 2005 Apalachee Parkway Tallahassee, Florida 32399 Telephone: (850) 410-3800 Toll-free within FL: (800) 435-7352 Website: <url>" Hope if enough of us contact them, we may see the faster action. Thanks News or not - how do I get involved in a class-action suit? This is ridiculous. I understand software delays, delays in manufacturing, but this is blatant theft and I'm tired of it. Congrats on making the news dickheads. Good article <url>"last update" what about the backer compensation packages you mentioned during your previous update? I'm just trying to make sure I get all the information I can if this is our last update (though I do appreciate you listening to the feedback and not making this update a video one) So..... multiple people try to contact you - no response multiple people contact ks about this project - no response multiple people look up your history of other projects vanishing - no response multiple people start contacting their AGs to start class action suits against you for violations of the TOS of kickstarter which means you'd have to pay the money back - RESPONSE! Now I try not to be a cynical person but it seems to me like during one of those other steps you could have taken 10 mins to write an update out to backers about this instead of, I don't know, ignoring it Well... I have been quiet for sometime now... After the lack of communication with the backers, I took this matter to our JAG office on base on NJ. They help with matters like this so other active duty service members don't get taken advantage of. They are currently working with several other agencies concerning this gentleman and his other registered endeavors. Several members from Tyndall AFB have complained as well. It's a metadata rejection. You don't need to go through the whole process. Fix the misleading metadata and get it published. Come on. You must realize that half of your "backers" are professional developers, etc Answer the question dude, your updates are shit. Why was it rejected specifically? Metadata could mean you have a shit title for your app, what did apple suggest you change? Again: do you not know why the application was rejected or are you purposefully withholding that information? Do you literally not have any more info than that? Are you purposefully withholding information or do you actually not know? Have you sent the wallet? If not - Why not? What's the delay? If so - What's the tracking number? What courier are you sending via? Why has it taken this long? Why are updates once every several months? Is the app finished? If so - upload it to the store now and we can have it on our phones now - if not Why not? What's the delay? When will the app hit the store? Please don't use apple as an excuse for android Ok, I'll buy that...If you have an explanation for your backers as to what happened? Why no communication for two months? Why did your last 'delivery promise' go unfulfilled? People would understand development issues. It's the silence and lack of accountability that ruins relationships, and man, have you got to deliver something astonishing to make up for your general lack of tact... @Ping your understanding of my frustration means nothing to me. As far as I'm concerned, you guys are crooks until proven otherwise. No responses to complaints lodged with the better business bureau, no responses to emails/direct messages from your backers, no responses to the company that handled your pre-order organization, to the point that THAT was shut down...We had faith in your company. "HAD" being in the past tense. The backers put their money into your project, and you repay it by refusing to update us in a timely fashion, and then go MIA for two months after being nearly a year late on delivery? There has to be an online article are written about you being fraudulent before you finally have an update, and even then only saying your wonderful catchphrase, "Soon". Here we go again! :( :( :( In June they "expected delivery" in July. then nothing until September! Then a vague "Soon"? Is soon this week, this month, this year? Right heard that before Oh ok. Hey everyone, don't worry! 'Soon' we'll have it. Hahaha you gotta be kidding me here According to corporationwiki Alix Narcisse's company, ZYPT is located/registered at this address... 1679 SW 27th Ave Miami, FL 33145 one of the many companies he's listed as being a part of. I've tried contacting him on LinkedIn, but of course without success. This is pretty shameful. I only invested $60 but I feel bad for those that invested more. If something does come of this like a class action or otherwise, I'd like to be included. If for nothing else but to fight for the principle of this matter. Found this number for him from the ping wallet website, not sure how else to contact him. I'm not too keen on ringing as I'm over seas +1 305-968-4896 @Arning - Well said. Scammers like Ping will be the ultimate downfall of KS as long as KS does nothing to protect the backers. It won't take too many either. While there are countless successes, folks are generally pretty leery once stories like this one get out. Throw in the waits and delays....... I've backed about 7 or 8 successful KS projects, but no more after this experience. I'm simply tired of waiting for the rewards, and to have something like this happen to all of us made my mind up to not back any more crowd funded projects. I'd rather just wait until the final product comes to market, if it ever does. It's turds like these jerks that ruin it all. Their day will come though. It's inevitable. Cheers! @all I can only say the same like @sascha said: The biggest problem is KS itself. I would expect that they taking care about their own rules. These guys breaking the KS rules by lying about the status and KS is doing nothing. They got their money, job done. This is the last project I supported and others should do the same. This behaviour of KS, if problems coming up, is a no go. This should be told other people to be aware what can happen. Just to mention: I know the risks of such projects, but I expect to be informed in time. I know I can lose money. But this project is the worst I've seen and this shows clearly that KS just don't care. @Ryan Here's the response I received from TryCelery: Thanks for reaching out. We're aware of Link Wallet and have attempted to contact them. As such, there are plans to shut down their website if they do not respond in a timely matter. Hope this alleviates any concern! I want join a class action suit against them. How should i do it? Anyone? To any holdouts who still make think this is not a SCAM, the fact that their website no longer takes preorders should help convince you otherwise. I contacted the folks at TryCelery, the company they used to take post-Kickstarter preorders on their website and they advised that the creators failed to respond to inquiries, so, they shut their store down. No replies here, no replies to people on their website. Still think this isn't a complete scam? The website is no longer taking orders. I hope these lowlifes get hit by the karma bus. Here's a thought....they have gotten reviews from websites such as C|Net, Psfk, Thrillist etc. We should all email them telling them these guys are scammers...word will get out fast. Lets work with GoDaddy as well. <url>"email bomb"...... <email> Interestingly, the ping website (<url>"Thank you for following up with us about the status of this project. I’m sorry to hear that the creator has not done a better job of communicating. We've reached out to them with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, and while we're disheartened that they have not yet updated you and other backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete their project as promised. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust. Backers pledge in hopes of helping a creator bring their idea to life. This interaction can lead to the creation of new and exciting things, but it’s also important to remember that sometimes complications might arise that prevent a project from unfolding as planned, or even from happening at all. This isn’t ideal for creators or backers, but we hope that both parties will try to communicate with each other through these developments. We’re sorry that this hasn’t been the case with this project, but hope that you’ll continue to back projects that you’re excited about." <url>"Contact me" link under the creator's name in the bio section. As funds are dispersed directly to the project creator, we're unable to facilitate refunds. That said, I hope that this matter is resolved soon and am here to help if you have any other questions or concerns. Best, Marissa Hi Michael, Thanks for reaching back out. I can assure you that this is not an automated response, and we do take the time to look into these issues. We have reached out to the creators on our end. I'm sorry that they haven't yet responded to you and other members of their backer community. While it is disappointing that they have not yet updated you and other backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so. If you feel as though this creator has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, we’d appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback Form. Although we are unable to offer refunds, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and feedback such as this is exactly what helps us do so. As funny as it sounds, out of 4 projects backed, considering this failure, only 2 delivered. So we look at conversion of 50%. Good for venture capitalists, not good for consumers and backers. I viewed Alix's LinkedIN profile and I was just notified that he viewed mine. So he is pretty active online? Anyone care to message him there? This user's account has been deleted. @Leibo Yes that are true words and after contacting Kickstarer with an no helpful answer, i have decided to cancel all my running 5 projects. Sorry but after this project and the not support or investigation from KS i am out. ..."We lost on this one, but I've learned a valuable lesson: no more Kickstarter; no more Indigogo. I'll just wait until the product makes it to Walmart and pay an extra $5 for it."... ~Leibo Rene Raibstein @Ping Wallet wouw preparing for shipping still till now 1 month and lust update 2 month... So it looks like the CEO of this "company," Alix Narcisse has done this type of thing before. Here's an article from TechCrunch about another product, Eros that never happened. <url>’re in the early stages of development. While we encourage creators to communicate regularly through this process, it’s important to remember that each of them will approach this differently. In most cases, this may be the first time that a creator has the responsibility of communicating with a large support community. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. I’m happy to reach out to this creator and offer our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Best, Katherine update update update plz!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Seriously guys? You posted said that you'd start shipping last month. A couple weeks back you stated that we are going to get tracking numbers. Whats going on now? The longer you guys stay quiet. More frustrated/angry your backers are going to get. So please post a official update with a status of some kind. Shipping, not shipping, ran into some sort of issue... Something. We should have to beg to get info on something we assisted in bringing to life. Well, at least they didn't just delete themselves from the internet like Mokey did. I opened a ticket and wasnt very nice! sick of the BS ive back 2 projects on KS and both have been a lose so far . not happy This is now a complete joke! I'm so tired of waiting for the wallet and I'm not backing another project on here again. All I want is some communication from you guys - really, can you not take 60 seconds to put a short update together? It's disgusting how you have treated backers. You should be ashamed. I've opened a support ticket too. I have a ticket open, too, but it took days for Kickstarter to reply, so I'm not very hopeful that they have the bandwidth to take a look. That said, for the person who opened a case with the California Attorney General; I'd suggest opening with Florida instead, since this project is apparently out of Miami (though I guess it could be from anywhere). Just run whois on the domains (linkwallet.com and pingwallet.com) to get names and addresses for the complaint. I have joined the frustrated masses. Opened my ticket today (Thanks John for an appropriate concise message). I have give up hope and now just check in to see the comments from my fellow suckers. I have backed 5 projects on Kickstarter. Three have been completed to my satisfaction, another is behind but the creator posts regular updates, and finally this farce. -- I just noticed the link next to the post comment button stating 'Be respectful and considerate'. Would be nice if the creators of this project would read that and take it to heart regarding their backers. I stayed quit until now. I fully understand if projects (especially tech products) cannot keep the timeline. This is most of the time due to a lack of experience or unfortunate events. However, it is absolutely not acceptable to have such poor communication. The last official update was back in June. I just opened up a ticket. Don't know what more I can do at this point. Need to check if legal steps make sense. I placed a support ticket with the following: The creator no longer answers questions and have stated they will "ship rewards soon" several times. The most recent is July 9th with "@backers, We're preparing the shipments now, We'll email everyone with a tracking number soon and an update to download the Link app." Many backers are angry with the delay. The original promise date of delivery is December 2013. Please look into this campaign. Thank you. This is a sad joke. I have backed only one other project on kickstarter which is the dash. They recently had an issue comes up that caused a delay. In response they communicated this delay and laid out a timeline with dates of how the delay would impact prototyping, production, and delivery. Ping wallet should go look at that project and see how real business people run things. Instead we have a joke of project and updates. On top of this I have been in contact with people who per ordered through the website that have been given refunds. Ping wallet creators. I have been in contact with the California attorney general office. Backers. If you live in California please contact me at <email> so the attorney general office can add you to the complaint to seek legal action against the creators The more backers who will file a ticket for this project, the greater our chances that Kickstarter will seriously investigate these clowns!! Roberto Lo Giacco posted this under the update #19 page. I also just opened a ticket. ~~~~~~~~~~~~ I contacted Kickstarter support after reading this update and I suggest you do the same: go to the footer of the page and click on "Support" then select "My Pledges" and among yours select the one related to Ping Wallet. In the subsequent page select "Reward" and the "Creator accountability", it will show you a description saying that creators MUST fulfill the project rewards or refund their backers. Read the text carefully and, if you feel these guys are no more trustable click on the green "Open a support ticket" button providing the reasons why you believe Kickstarter should investigate. I just did. Hope you will too. REFUND!!!!!!!! Kind of ironic that they tout this wallet as a way to help prevent theft and they are the ones stealing our money. SMH Really, the only reason they gave us a "glimmer of hope" was because we starting talking about suing and contacting the BBB. I did the latter (which, honestly, won't do much of anything), but according to them, there was surprisingly no response to their first inquiry, so it was resent early this week. Not expecting a reply at all, but hey. Really not going to waste any more time on this. Its a wash. Been 20 days since they gave us a glimmer of hope. When someone tells me there sending me a tracking number. You usually don't think 20+ days. I'm afraid the next update will be "were taking them to the post office" 20 days later "paying for postage" ECT..... This could go on forever. Come on guys for once just give it to us straight. From the beginning just told us it would be a year late apologize and we all know. This crap about giving us false dates is total nonsense. Please don't take another persons money on the presale of anything. This just isn't your bag. I sure you guys are brilliant , but maybe let someone else runs things and you focus in R and D. I wish you guys the best. I've never dealt with anything this ridiculous before. I was once excited about this product. After all waiting I can't say that I'm excited. Not to mention all the people who will never back a project again because of this situation. So many good ideas will not see the light of day because of this project. I'm sure it's not easy. I know I would be in over my head , but I didn't take anyone's money. @all how often will the shipments be prepared?! I hope this real that we all will get our wallet and the tracking number.... sooon Can I get my refund yet?! We're not getting a real update..... At least if/when we do we'll never know because we've been given the run-around more than not. Scam artists of the highest order. If they can't fulfil these orders its unlikely this company will be successful in meeting larger orders in the future. I've written my $50 off as a bad investment. You live and learn. F Ping!! I think I will donate mine to the "will it blend show" on YouTube. That's if I get it. How long will the 'preparing shipments' phase last? Because I believe the tracking numbers are also being sent over snail mail. We're not getting a real update..... At least if/when we do we'll never know because we've been given the run-around more than not. And still the only things I hear are crickets and angry backers... When are we getting a REAL update? So whats the status now? Roberto Lo Giacco posted this under the update #19 page. I also just opened a ticket. ~~~~~~~~~~~~ I contacted Kickstarter support after reading this update and I suggest you do the same: go to the footer of the page and click on "Support" then select "My Pledges" and among yours select the one related to Ping Wallet. In the subsequent page select "Reward" and the "Creator accountability", it will show you a description saying that creators MUST fulfill the project rewards or refund their backers. Read the text carefully and, if you feel these guys are no more trustable click on the green "Open a support ticket" button providing the reasons why you believe Kickstarter should investigate. I just did. At this point no matter what happens with this device it seems like it's going to be a bigger disappointment than the finale of Lost. 13 days ago you posted this: "@backers, We're preparing the shipments now, We'll email everyone with a tracking number soon and an update to download the Link app." Again you said "soon". None of us have received anything you promised AGAIN. Where is the tracking number? The app? How does it take 13 days to "get shipments ready"? You guys are full of so much shit that its comical to me. At least have the balls to tell us nothing is going to happen so we can all just move on. Stop dangling the carrot. If you're going to do something, DO IT NOW, if not, then say so. Stop being scared little pansies and man up already! We'll get the next 'update' in a month...that seems to be the trend...let me guess the next excuse: "....we mailed them all out, but the post office must have lost them. Sorry we are not responsible for that..." Am I close guys? Have some integrity and either tell the truth or give everyone their money back. But maybe that is asking too much... This user's account has been deleted. HELLO <url>"tracking numbers." At this point I would seriously rather them just admit that they took my money and ran with it! (It would just make me feel better knowing that I got scammed) I would like to say thank you to the creators for posting a vague comment in the comments section about how they are getting us tracking numbers at some point instead of something crazy like an actual update (and no, not a video update, unless you're planning on showing me a working model that you are pulling off a stack of all of the other working products you are ready to ship out I never want to see another video update again, typing works just fine) @ross carlson I agree at this point it's ridiculous @Humberto, Lucky you mate. :-) This was the first project that I've backed here and the only one where I'm still waiting to see fulfilled... @13vrod: I wouldn't count on this one coming in any time soon. Has anyone actually received the tracking number? It's been a almost a week ... again. when should we expect this email my wallet is in shreds right now I could really use this I thought waiting for LeBron to make his decision would take longer that getting my tracking number. Guess not. LOL! We will get the tracking IDs soon.. That means... Let me think.. In December earliest.. @creators: if that is true, it's a small miracle as I had stopped believing Ping Wallet would ever ship. @creators - can you please put up some pictures of the wallets and shipping process? @Dyllon thanks. I went back and watched some of the update videos while filing my complaint and while I don't think Alix is named, Phillipe, whose name was on the domain's whois, was named as the bigger of the two guys. How shocking that their first device was never actually delivered upon! At this point, I'd be surprised to even see another update from them. $60k is a pretty good haul, jig is probably up by now. @Ryan Alix is one of the project creators. He started zypt.co which no longer has an active website and may no longer be a company. He also created OGT which was supposed to produce the thinnest Android tablet (back in 2012 I believe), which coincidentally was never delivered on. It wasn't a kickstarter so I imagine real investors lost money on that. You can see the bio through kick starter where it says that they created the tablet. However, there is a techcrunch article talking about how it didn't work out. Logging my complaint with the BBB as well. For those looking at the whois database, note that they've updated the info either yesterday or today to someone named Alix with a new address and phone number. I still have the cached info for those who may need it. However, when filing a BBB complaint, you can simply type in "Link Wallet" and get all the previous data. Follow the link "Second Guess" provided. Guys, bad news is better than no news. Please forget the video apologies and provide a simple fortnightly progress update. I am more than happy to know what's right and what needs fixing, I can be patient if kept up to date as I am sure a lot of backers would be. Your silence is doing more harm than good. Last login Jun 12 2014. My guess is they are in Brazil enjoying the World Cup All- I just lodged my complaint about their website preorder to BBB at <url>| Sorry guys, you had your chance and don't used it month ago to clean up. I even opened an ticket. Roberto Lo Giacco posted this under the update #19 page. I also just opened a ticket. ~~~~~~~~~~~~ I contacted Kickstarter support after reading this update and I suggest you do the same: go to the footer of the page and click on "Support" then select "My Pledges" and among yours select the one related to Ping Wallet. In the subsequent page select "Reward" and the "Creator accountability", it will show you a description saying that creators MUST fulfill the project rewards or refund their backers. Read the text carefully and, if you feel these guys are no more trustable click on the green "Open a support ticket" button providing the reasons why you believe Kickstarter should investigate. I just did. @ Brian read much? August 19, 2013 8:27 AM PDT The article is basically the Ping intro page. So clearly they have finished production if cnet has them to test and review...so simply put WHERE THE FUCK ARE OUR REWARDS?!?!?!?!?! I'm not playing games anymore. If I don't receive my reward by the 1 year mark of this campaign I will be contacting Kickstarter/Amazon for a refund and my lawyer for a fraud lawsuit as well just in case you decide to fight my refund! Guys, please post in the comments on this page to bring this to the medias attention: <url>"BY JULY" means at the beginning of July, otherwise it would have been "BY AUGUST". It's nearly the end of June, so July is in SIX (6) days, not 37. Who's ready for another update with an excuse, an apology, and a delay? I AM! Delivery is by July... From my count we still have 37 days left for delivery. People, blood pressure medication. please :)! Ok so now 7 months later... I'm no longer holding back..... WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON!! Are we getting our rewards? Or did you TAKE OUR MONEY AND RUN? Be honest this time! Lets start a class action suit. This is already 7 months late, and the communication by the the team is HORRIBLE. i prefer get 1.5usd back to gift money to scammers. Unless they mail out Monday I don't think it's possible for them to be delivered BY July as they posted in their last update. Hopefully they have another update Monday with details on their updated delivery time frame. I doubt we will be getting any money back even if they don't deliver but I encourage people to try. A law suit will be useless. After lawyer fees we will all get a check for $1.50 I also just emailed the CNET article author -<email> - to let him know how awful this is turning out. If enough people, exert enough negative pressure, maybe we can shame these guys into giving us our money back at the very least. I am trying a different approach. I just left negative comments on their Facebook page and on CNET. I doubt that this will do any good but this is turning into an "it is the Principle" of it thing for me now. If you check out their website, they are taking pre-orders so no doubt other people are being taken. Who knows how much money they may have at their disposal. I usually believe what CNET says. Here is a link to the CNET review. If we can at least warn other people not to throw their money away, some good may come of this debacle. <url>"battery life" issues, why postpone it for another year? Give us our products we purchased. I'd be happy to buy "version 2" with "better battery life" later on. Geez! Because of this scam, I will never back a project on Kickstarter again. Ever... Wasted $120 already. How do we start a class action law suit... I have a few attorneys who might be interested. Feel free to contact me with my first and last name at live dott comm. It's the principal now, I too have stopped backing projects because of these guys... unfair to all legit companies. I would like to see these guys be held accountable. I believe you said a week ago you would post a picture of all the wallets? Where is this picture? LOL - I gave up being anxious, just gonna wait it out. It is what it is. Please stop with the canned responses. @all After the last update did you expect that they will deliver anything? That they learned anything? As I said, the same shit as with their Android tablet. It came never out. They still making promises, like better communication and so on, but this is just to keep all of us busy. They are fucking stupid. They learned nothing, they will not learn anything from the past and we will never get anything from them, but excuses. There is no wallet and no app. The compensation package will be the same as with their cards only some people got. It will tell you, that it will come soon and it will be the best wallet on the market. People, forget it. Beside this if there will be an issue, and I promise you, there will be some, the support will be the same as here at Kickstarter, none. @Cody - this is not news to anyone except those who did not read the Terms of Use. Everyone just an FYI I received this final information back from KickStarter. Basically they won't do anything for us and won't even look into it. So their Terms of Service are basically bullshit. See below: Hi Cody, Here at Kickstarter HQ, we expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if they’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>’t hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. Best, Alfie I think I've figured it out: You needed $30k. You raised almost twice that. So now you are spending the balance on airfare to feed the economy ... Or are you just collecting frequent flyer miles?? I've never heard of anyone, who manufactured in China (I won't even get started on the fact that you advertised "designed, machined and assembled in the USA", which apparently only covers the non-essential parts) and went there as often as you do. Stop wasting our money, be specific on the compensation AND DELIVER A PRODUCT. You are a disgrace to the idea of crowd-funding. So let me see you went to China for a software issue? Dec, Feb, April, July.... given this, I'll expect another excuse and delay update sometime in July. I'll believe it when I see it. What didnt go wrong this time? Back in December I made a comment about how they won't deliver on time. After they gave the initial "mission succeeded" I said I'll need to eat my hat for being wrong. I'm very glad I don't own any hats. The problem is that they've said multiple times how things are good to go and waited past their promised date to let us know it wasn't working. I have multiple campaigns that I've supported and they are all behind. That is the norm for kickstarter. None of the projects made the dumb move of saying it's ready to ship and then come back saying it's no longer ready, followed by repeating the process for another 6 months. List of current projects that are behind ODBlink My Wifi Pressy Frontiers Almond+ With the exception of Pressy all the others have done a great job of explaining why they are behind. Ping/Link has been horrible and I don't blame people for screaming vapour ware. I feel a bit sorry for the flak the Ping/Link team is getting but they have dug themselves into this hole. That's all I want to say, nothing productive. Just a little rant to let off steam. So it's NOT soon. 1. in or after a short time. "everyone will soon know the truth" synonyms: shortly, presently, in the near future, before long, in a little while, in a minute, in a moment, in an instant, in a bit, in the twinkling of an eye, in no time, before you know it, any minute (now), any day (now), by and by; More early. "it's a pity you have to leave so soon" synonyms: early, quickly, promptly, speedily, punctually More Is it soon yet? Lesson learned. Pigs will fly before we see a product. Even if this was a legit product, by the time we receive it the product will be obsolete. There are Kickstarter duds and clearly this turned out to be a dud. If these guys have a conscience, they'd issue, at the very least, a partial refund. I'm out $59 but there are people who trusted these guys and will be out even more money, and for that I feel really bad. Nobody deserves to be ripped off. If these guys would just tell us that they blew it and they're sorry, at least we'd know that we'll never see that money. We need to go on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and any other social network and give people a heads up. Don't back a product until we've seen the developers. This way we will be able to weed out duds and make sure they can't pull this again. We trusted the developers and they essentially robbed us. I know I'm not the only person who received a message indicating that we'd not paid for this product even though we had. That was when I realized we'd been duped. Hopefully, backers did not fall for this scam and shell out even more money. Clearly, the developers weren't satisfied with ripping backers off one time. They tried to rip us off TWICE! We have to remember that not all developers are criminals and we still need to back projects. Fortunately, this is the only time I've backed felonious developers and I hope Kickstarter filters out the deceptive developers so that they cannot continue to prey on trusting backers. Come on Ping developers...do the right thing and say you blew it. Don't keep up on the "updates" and enough with the videos. I can read deception faster than watching another tedious video. You've run out of excuses and now you're recycling old excuses. Just come out and tell the truth. Stop with the charade and put people out of their misery. End this project with some display of humanity. Hahaha, they said "soon" again. 2 days ago. This is getting more pathetic by the second. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Are there any other backers in the state of California? Please let me know as I am going to begin looking into legal recourse with the Attorney General's office due to the continued lack of communication. I have also had contact with several reporters from various tech blogs that featured the project. I was frustrated with this project before. Now I am just angry at the lack of communication. I don't care if it's delayed. But don't tell us the wallet is done ready or soon ready without commitment and communication. This is massively unprofessional and the lack of communication has now become indicative of how the business is run Hey guys. I've sent you several private message. Some months ago. Still no response. For the love of the great hairy sky monkey, please issue me a refund. @Ryan awesome:) Ryan - that comment was worth the price of admission! I've made a handy template for you guys to use in your next video! I think I've got it down. Hello Kickstarter Backers. We apologize for the delay while we work to make the product perfect in every way. We're happy to say that (PICK ONE: we've done it / the wallet is ready / manufacturing has been completed for 3 months) but that we ran into an issue with (PICK ALL THAT APPLY: the battery / the app / shipping) that will delay us (PICK ONE: 1 month / 3 months / forever). We're very sorry for this and are way more upset than you guys are about this, even though we've already got your money. We'll update you again in 1 week, but really, it'll probably be more like 2 months. On a side note, we got a REALLY good deal on a used 7 series BMW with all that money you gave us. Thanks again for that! Please for Heaven's sake don't make another video update- especially if all you are going to say is sorry - over and over again with no other content. Please make a written update with details of shipping and post close up pictures of the wallet. Thanks @ping....you guys are a bunch of jackasses. Apparently you idiots don't know the meaning of the word "soon." I was looking at the website and noticed that nothing has been updated and the blog post was from Sept. 2013. Then I noticed they did change one thing on the FAQ (<url>"soon" when is the "soon". I do not want it "soon". I want my money back "immediately". so what stage are we on as of right now?? it seems like this is still in the early stages, I hope you decided wether to make it out of plastic or not........................if not, you can deliver mine in the order of a refund............ What are you guys doing trying to collect interest on the money we loaned you then refund us? Update update update update !!!!!!! @ping you going to ping us in on any progress They need to incorporate a like and dislike button on comments PLEASE DEFINE "SOON"! You've said "soon" for 6 frickin months! Enough already man. Just ship the damn wallets or give us a refund! Good Lord, you guys are such a disgrace to Kickstarter... I don't think you get it. If all the wallets are done then show us a picture of them all. It's not the damn hard. @S.L. maybe you dont now how other project post photo of product process or simple update but here we dont have nothing so is a scam i really sure we dont get our wallet. they never show a wallet working only a piece of metal the app look like a video on a iphone . Do you feel all self-righteous now, S.L.? Because you've accomplished nothing else. O..i forgot. Be respectful and considerate. All this thrash talk to the creators does not help your case, in the real world you either take action or just have some patience. Thats the civil way to do things. Bunch of shouting animals you guys turned into..everybody wants there product there are other ways to get what you want but shouting has never worked ! if agreed i want my refund!!!!!!! you say agreed then refund me now!!! i dont want your wallet and be a backer if this project. and stop ingnoring my comments just refund me is simple. Wow. Ok I'm glad you agree. Now DO something about it instead of just talking... Use the iPhone we all know that you have and take a picture of the wallets to show us. Then, put those wallets in little boxes and SHIP THEM TO US. Talk is cheap, if you say you're ready, then prove it. If you have no intensions of sending us what you promised then refund us. It's not complicated. GO! From the FAQ section: Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Time's up guys. Stop saying soon, just show us the damn wallets. It's a picture! I know for a fact you have an iPhone. This is from the "Terms of Service" - Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. I also want a refund! Tired of this hassle. Life is too short to listen to your excuses! Wow - I am really impressed now. Yesterday's update was: "@Backers, A new update will be available soon." And then today - as a major revelation - "@Backers, we want our next update to be our last, before we start shipping." Can you please stop wasting our time and insulting our intelligence?! Deliver a working product + some form of damage compensation or refund our money. Your behaviour is disgraceful! I would like to point everyone to the following timeline of this project built from the updates. Since I cannot bold or underline on the comments please see the sections with ** You will see that wallets were confirmed **ready to ship** in December to **Manufacturing complete** at the end of April. This turned into manufacturing complete 9/20/2013 - Funding achieved 9/23/2013 - Renamed Locus 9/25/2013 - Renamed Link based on Backers Feedback 12/7/2013 - Posted a video update titled ***we did it - saying wallet is ready to ship*** 01/9/2014 - Posted a video apologizing for lack of responses and saying **wallets are ready** and waiting for approvals 02/3/2014 - Update saying **shipping starts this month** 02/24/2014 - Apology posted for lack of communication. Indicated they were in China getting things **ready to start shipping**. Said App should be available on the appstore and Android Mkt **Soon** 03/10/2014 - Video Post showing the app is finished and will be available on the appstore **soon**. Said they **don't want to send a wallet that is half done**. Wallets not yet received from China 03/19/2014 - Ask me anything - Indicated wallets would be received by end of April 04/24/2014 - Update saying they are almost ready to ship. The App was resubmitted to the App store for review. Asked backers to indicate if they have Android or IOS 05/9/2014 - Said **Manufacturing was completed at the end of April** but the battery was draining too rapidly 05/12/2014 - Posted in comments a new update will be available **soon** I can't wait to get my coin wallet I already wrote this crap off a while ago these guys are phony I dont even watch their stupid video updates anymore. If you have not backed coin check them out. <url>"We hope to make it up to you soon"? Seriously? This implies you're going to actually send the wallet that you initially promised AND something extra as the "make it up to you" part. How/what can you possibly do to make it up to us? I'd really love to know the answer... I've been witness to a lot of BS in my years and have got really good at spotting it. THIS is BS. I don't believe you have even manufactured the wallet, an app, nothing. No reasonable human being or company would do what you guys are doing. I'm with the guys below on filing the complaints, except ill use my connections and take it MUCH farther. The kitchen is about to get hot! Look out guys! You faced some issues? Really? No!!! The wallet was finished some month ago. How come? Be patient?! You know what? Fuck you and fuck your wallet. I have to say I never leave comments and frankly after the lack of info I gave up on this project and my money. Having managed teams myself the words you need to learn and understand are "expectations management". You really should pop over to and watch the Kickstart project from Geek Out, Gavin Fish. Now there is someone who can mange expectations. Given it takes less than 10 mins or so to record and write an update and post it, not doing so each week, whatever the message is, is frankly disrespectful to the people who put their money behind you. I don't know who is advising you but these things are common sense. Telling us what the issues are in a timely manner takes no effort at all on your part, but gains you a tremendous amount of respect. Not doing so elicits scepticism and the comments I have read below. It takes something to draw my ire, but you guys have done it. By simple slack of communication you really have disappointed me and many others. How do I go about getting a refund? The soon is one of the issues. When I am working on a project at work if I were to tell someone soon over and over it would not be acceptable. The video will be up today. The video will be up Monday, etc. Surely you can see how the soon over and over especially after missing a firm date is the biggest frustration point of your backers Then what are the issues you are having? This is the main reason why people are fed-up. You said it was going to ship and now its not. Why? What issues are you talking about? That's all that we want. The reason why there is a hold up. Furthermore you saided below that KS was not your only funding. What was the other funding? If this is not a financial issue then what is it? I think we are all sick and tired of this "need to know" mentality. Hello to all the backers- If you are like me you are frustrated by the delays but even more so by the routine promises of "we did it" or "you will have a wallet by the end of April". Even more frustrating is that the creators of this project have almost no transparency in what their issues are from day 1 and continue to fail on providing information. While projects on kickstarter are not like buying a product outright and often face delays, appropriate business protocol is to be open and transparent with your "investors" regarding the state of the project. Asking for patience 6 months past deadline with no information regarding the reasons for the delay, is not acceptable behavior and in my personal opinion unprofessional With the lack of information, the time for an action plan for backers has begun. I was contacted today by another backer today who has agreed to help coordinate action to see that backers are either provided the wallet or a refund immediately. If the creators do not provide a refund, a product, or a full project timetable with deliverables they are to be held accountable for that satisfies the coalition of backers, we will proceed with the plan of action below If you would like to participate, please send an email to myself or Aaditya - <email> and <email> Here are the steps we are prepared to take 1- Open a complaint with kickstarter 2- If you heard of this product through a tech blog or website, contact the writer of that article and let them know what is going on with the delays and lack of communication/transparency 3-If the following options fail to produce a refund or wallet --- File a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center at the following link <url>"get rich quick" scheme?? I really think we are getting scammed out of our money while there are other KS projects that do the same thing already and actually care enough to give updates. I feel like I got scammed and left in a ditch to feel dirty with no one to care, thanks Ping Wallet, hope the joy ride was worth it. Stop procrastinating and ship them already, at least give us concrete updates on what's holding you back, be HONEST!!!!! Anyone have any info for us past 'be patience'? I feel like the 'creator' here is just texting these lazy responses from his phone and not even bothering to fix the autocorrects now...Thanks ping, I've lost all faith in you and your team. @ping like soon today or next month You guys literally auto respond to everything!!! Give us proof or send our money back... It's simple! Quit just picking up the phone and putting us back on hold; dangling a carrot in front of us. Produce something or admit you can't and move on. You've already lost every bit of credibility you started with. You're auto responses and lack of communication merely prove your ineptitude. Have some integrity, be Men, and at least keep your name in good standing. As it is stands now, you're an embarrassment... You can fix it. Try starting with Honesty. What is currently holding you back from shipping at this time? Why is it taking so long to get concrete information??? Stop saying you are shipping by the end of the month and not doing so. Your lying out your ass is the problem. Give us an update that is worth a damn!!! What is the status on the build. Are they done? If so show us some video of all the wallets, or better yet ship them. Stop saying sorry and give us an update. If anyone else is from Oklahoma please post a comment here and let me know. I will be taking this to our DA to file criminal charges. There you go Link Wallet you have pushed your once customers over the edge. When are you looking to ship? Ping Wallet - The world's thinnest, smartest, most non-existent, invisible wallet. Agreed. Anyone in Washington able to get the ball rolling. i want to know if they are any backer from washington? Brentvery nice article. To Ping Wallet, I highly suggest you start providing some hard core evidence that you have thousands if wallets built and ready or you will see yourself with a major lawsuit on your hands. Stop the bullshit with broken ship date promises. You know your lying out your ass... I want a refund! We've been patient enough. You haven't given us any concrete information and have been about as transparent as a brick wall. You've had your chance and you blew it. I have an iPhone ...can't believe this has taken so long. I'm just sayin'... Here's something interesting that came out today. First Kickstarter lawsuit <url>"What OS are you running" question. If it was that important, You should have created a form fill page in google docs or something and have everyone got that. With the method you advised you (and the rest of us) have to fish thru all that to get any info. Or find out that there is a lack of info. So what happen? In the AMA you gave a firm date (sort of) Is there a delay on the devices? Are you having import issues? Are you waiting for FCC licensing? Are you have an issue with the manufacture? You got a knack of making me a fool so many times for believing in you. I am so disappointed that you broke your april delivery promise (again) and fallen back on your routine of radio silence. I probably will think twice before backing any projects from UK as the experience is bad so far and the accountability and responsibility seems nonexistent. April? Which April? 2020? To Richard James Ogden, sorry to be the one to tell you but your OS has nothing to do with the wallet shipping. It doesn't matter what OS anyone has. It's also shit that they are even asking at this point. You ask these types of question before you even start development. Not a week before shipping. Just to clue everyone in noting is shipping this month and they will come back with something else for next month. If the wallets were ready they would be showing us 1000's of them. Does no one else see this? STOP posting your OS, it doesn't matter! At all, not one bit. You are just playing their stupid game if you post your OS. Please stop the madness. I build apps for a living and I promise posting your OS will not get your wallet to you. @ping You guys have been using the words "almost" and "soon" for the last 6 months. I'm dying to know your definitions of those 2 words. Our operating system has ZERO to do with you shipping the wallet. As you've described, it will work with any Bluetooth device, so why should it matter what OS we're using... This is the most rediculous project I've ever backed. You guys are beyond incompetent. iOS So we should all be getting out wallet by Thursday then!!!!!!??????? Android and iOS Hey guys, Just wondering are our wallets going to be shipped once we've replied with our operating system? If not no worries just curious that's all 2 days left in April, once again I think we are all getting played. I just uploaded an app to the App Store, it took 4 days to get approved. As for these guys 4 months... And still nothing... Android hi please ship my perk ASAP. thanks iOS What's the word ping ?????? U ship yet You were supposed to ship by April end - Nada. You said you will let us know this friday after you hear from the manufacturer - Nothing. So when are you shipping? Thanks iOS iOS iOS iOs iOS. Android Android iOS iOS Android IOS Android iOS android Android. If these people EVER want to get investors for another product, good luck. "Fool me once etc" Best they understand, this will haunt them forever. If they're not going to get this done, just be honest and say it. I'm tired of the 2 minute excuses. It's apparently time to accept the fact that we've thrown good money after bad and move on. I'm no longer wasting time on lame excuses. Life's too short. Do you really expected that these guys will deliver? Or that they would change the communication? Only because of the AMA? They learned nothing. The excuse would be, they had no time, because they wanted to get the things sorted out. They will be so sorry as the last time. The delivery will be for sure somewhen next week. For sure! Forget it.. As I've said before, I've already written this one off. If something does eventually come, great, but I'm not holding my breath. I've kept quiet until now but guys it's not hard to spend 45 seconds a week giving us a 2 sentence update. December 7th "We did it" February 3rd "Shipping starting this month" Apparently the AMA said it would be delivered by April. I wonder what the next thing will be? I'm assuming no one is got their wallet yet !!! You guys have a few days to the end of the month On the website it says the second batch of wallets would be shipped in February of 2014. Is there any chance we will be getting the first batch of wallets by the end of this month? How can I get my money back... Please respond Hello when u ship plz answer I'm assuming from everyone's reactions that no one has gotten one yet!!! So they did a live AMA that none of us got anything out of. I'm beginning to think they are lawyers as we can't get a straight answer from any of them! I am seriously getting pissed and am on the verge if looking into what we need to do to get our money back! Weekly update please! DIdnt they say by the end of April? Hopefully it is April this year This is shocking customer service. We are in 2014 now with no real estimated time of delivery! See last update... Nobody knows anything.... Always same answer... Send it or give my money baaaack!!!! Simple question : " When " @Gary Younger - it depends on your definition of on track. If it means getting this thing before the end of 2014, there are probably a few who remain hopeful. Seems this includes @Ping Wallet. Majority uncertain. I keep checking the mailbox.. Lol Everything still on track? wow... this seems a tad hopeless. i also backed 'trayvax'... almost one year ago. kickstarter should kick some of these people into touch, the reputations of decent innovators will be tarnished by a few fools. @Cory - go look at the comments under the latest update for more information. Did anyone learn anything useful with the AMA??? (since I know these guys are going to post any useful information) Figures...I couldn't make it cause if work, I really wanted to tell them what was on my mind. Hopefully we will definitely have by the end of April...although they already blew their first 3 deadlines so I'm still not hopeful! Thanks for your time on the AMA today. I look forward to receiving my wallet soon. Great talking to you guys today. For those who could not make it- they promised us that we will be receiving our wallets by end of April. Thanks Can you record and post the AMA for backers who cannot make it? Thanks @Brian +1 still agree you. Another video update?! And I'll be at work for it...just update us and stop beating around the bush! I agree with James and Sacha! I'm fine with the delay as I have backed numerous projects with delays but, I have only backed one other with just as bad if not worse communication! It's not the delays but the lying about it being done and the lack of communication from the developers! Completely agree with Sascha. People aren't really angry. It's frustration with the total ignorance exhibited by these guys. I'm new to KS and have backed one other project here and another on indiegogo (who have both been amazing). Just the right balance of updates and engagement of backers. Those of you who are happy with this poor representation should expect more. Yes, the concept of KS and similar assumes an element of risk but I personally still expect to receive details on a project that I invest in if it's running way past schedule and having been told twice that it's completed. Simple truth is if you don't want a backlash from supporters of your product, engage with and involve them - don't keep them in the dark, it fuels suspicion and frustration. I'm repeating myself now, but it is not the delay that get's the people angry. I do not have any problems with any delays, if they tell us in time. I do not have a problem with delays, if they tell us why. But I do have a problem if someone is lying to me. They said on the 7th of december all is finished. And as you can see, this was not the truth. Easy as it is. Everyone is making mistakes, no problem. But people were just asking for some information and they are not getting answer since months now. And this is the frustrating part. Instead to make one update after another without any information, they also could just write down what causes the delays, why and what the planned next steps are and so on. This would take less time as to do an video update and would makes things easier. People would know what is going and nobody would have made these comments. I've got to agree with Chris on this. If I were making something like this I'd rather it late but 100% right instead of on time and half the wallets don't work. Im more then happy with there being delays I'd just prefer a few more comments/updates from ping. Delays are expected in this type of thing launching a product is not exactly easy, the people talking about a lawsuit are taking this too far Sorry for the bad grammar lol I was having a rant Give these guys a break! Do you really think they don't care? Or see as frustrates a you? It's the there company and possible there dream on the line. Would you rush or take your time and get right first time round? Do you want a average product now or an amazing product down the line? We all saw the value, now let them focus on delivering rather then reading your comments which will not help you get your product quicker. define your SOON please Still hopeful!!! I know what I was getting into. To those asking for refunds this information might be useful. "Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." (<url>"bio" page. So they are aware what is going on. But they give a shit on the comments. I have already opened a ticket with KickStarter #310165. Please feel free to reference it when emailing KickStarter. They may look at taking action for us. I say we ask for our money back...let them be in the hole 60K. To the Project Owners: Are you actually reading all the complaints/concerns? No action? Oh wait....maybe next month you will tell us you are almost close to shipping, but you had to run to China again? I think I'll report this as well. Y'all r on some BS Reported as well. Not sure anything will happen though. Shipping to Australia will be a while and that's even if the contractual obligation to fulfil the project is met. Class action lawsuit time? Link Wallet, are you kidding ? You asked anyone who wanted to change address to email you. I sent you two email, none of them was replied by you. The first shipment of Instacube was sent out like yesterday FYI.. But at least there was COMMUNICATION You guys know of Instacube? Funded over 1.5yrs ago and still not sent to backers. I'm not willing yet to go so far as to report this to kickstarter, but at the same time I don't blame anyone for doing so and support them. I still have some faith that this project will be completed, however I also expect that this will be a sub par product. Any large updates may break compatibility with it. I've run into the same issue with Smart Wallit where it doesn't work on Android 4.3 and the update for it won't be released until they finish their "premium" kickstarter Smart Wallit. That is the risk of being an early adopter. I will give them until Friday to give us a new response about why they are delayed AGAIN. Yea I'm gonna report this also Lying about what's going on is a great way to get ignored. I just reported this project to kickstarter and references the ticket number opened by @cody guest. Maybe if enough people report abusive behavior kickstarter will nudge them to supply us with some decent information. I have already opened a ticket with KickStarter #310165. Please feel free to reference it when emailing KickStarter. They may look at taking action for us. All, as mentioned in my previous post I think this is fraud. Tjere is no plan to deliver anything. Maybe they had one but my bet is they mismanaged their funds and ran iut of money. As first step how do we organize us to collectively inform Kickstarter and if no outcome start a law case? Any suggestions? Is there a platform to do so? When are you shipping? Bla, bla, bla.. Let me think.. On the 7th of Dec you said, you did it, everything is finished and the wallets are ready for shipping.. Hm.. Why did you go to China, if everything was finished more than 2 month ago? Why are you waiting for the freight? It was finished in December, right? Did you wrote, shipping will start in February? Here in Germany only one hour is left. Did you send something out? I guess not.. BTW where is my plastic card? I get none? Again, why got some people it and some not? Forget it guys.. It will be the same shit as with the "thinnest Android tablet" as in 2011. A lot promises and nothing will be delivered.. These guys learned nothing.. Today being the last day of the month of February, I guess we can asume the wallets have been shipped, correct? This is the first project I have backed on Kickstarter and it has not met my expectations, you almost doubled your project goal of $30K, because it is a great product, PLEASE DELIVER AS PROMISED! Ah of course, that makes it all better. You were in China, tech capital of the world without access to email. We still have yet to see a final product, not to mention still no exact date. As per your last update, if nothing is shipped by Fri (end of Feb), then it was a lie. Come on guys, be straight up. If we are not going to get anything before the summer, tell us and be honest. Business 101. I think after all the bs we whould be able to pick out whatever color we want! That's if we get the wallet in general Not that I'm defending this excuse for a company, but in all fairness, I think they can only send out one survey. They should have had the foresight to ask what mobile OS users were using though. The only project I have ever backed with worse communication was Werewolf by Max Temkin! I am truly starting to feel like we've been had here! This absolutely the second worst communication I have seen with a project and I have backed roughly 40 projects! I understand these things take time, but as someone who used to develop for Apple ( both iOS and Mac) I NEVER and I mean NEVER takes this long to get an app approved! I said this once before too and I'll say it again...why should us Android users be penalized for Apples incompetences of approving an app?! The backer kit should have included a question as to which platform you are using so as to get the *Ping Wallet out to those of using Android so we can reap the benefits of our choices and the benefits of open source!.....rant over! To clarify I get the concern. Even with my "only 4" backed projects. I'm just not interested in complaining or stressing. Or if they so send it and shunning them and hoping they go out of business so that there is no app for the paper weight we all will own. Life is to short to be angry, stressed or spiteful. And if it arrives poo-poo on you. And if it doesn't poo-poo on me. Lol @JT you are sooo lost with what everyone is saying I've backed over 25 projects compared to your four and communication was 100 percent better even with the worst ones . Everyone has a right to be alarmed these guys are looking like crooks with their nonchalant behavior. I've already written this off as a complete lost seems like my COIN will be here before they even respond to backers. I couldn't find any number or any email for support. So I guess we are on our own on this and Kickstarter will not do anything like issue refunds for us? I actually do not want my wallet and I would prefer a refund. I will not support your company at all, so whatever the outcome at this point you have lost my support. As others have mentioned, you set yourselves up for failure. Someone will sue you and you will eventually go bankrupt. I assume the team has already faltered seeing as we no longer receive enthusiastic team messages from all three of you, rather, we get hum drum excuses from two of you. High risk high reward. It only pays off if you do your homework and I suspect you all had high hopes for a project without foresight. Anyway, resolve your issues and let me very quickly forget about your failed product. And again, thanks for nothing. I think the last update was just to shut us up. I say we all look into getting our funding back...obviously they have no customer service...u'd think with all these comments SOMEONE from the team would respond...I am scared to see what the support is after we get these products.... This is insane. Anyone got their wallet yet? did it really get shipped or it got stuck Let me know where to sign up for... We deserve SOMETHING! I already bought and now own something very similar to this project... I don't need this anymore. I'll jump on board a class action!!! We deserve accountability and answers. When they give us nothing... They are no longer cooperating. In my company that means "You're Fired!" I don't tolerate toxicity. There has been more than enough time and opportunity for scheduled written updates, along with providing answers and accountability for pitfalls and delays; instead... NOTHING. Bad Choice (same thing I say to my 3yo...) @Joshua No. I will not stop. It will cost them only 10 minutes to answer questions and to show a working wallet/app. They had enough time to do so. Just as a reminder: they said, they did it. So, where is the problem to show us at least the wallet/app in detail? And I have an own company. If I would react like these guys, I would not have the company anymore as my clients would not trust me anymore. And yes, I also had problems to fulfil, but I kept my clients in the loop.. Another fact: iOS7 is out since September. Since mid of December it is known that all apps have to be adapted for iOS7. To develop only for iOS6 is stupid, because as a developer you have access to the SDK for iOS7 since June. Second, here are a lot people with Android. For this, there is no update needed. Why are they not shipping the wallets to people with Android already if everything is finished? A short survey and they should know who uses Android. Third: I know it is not a shop, but I'm investing in a good idea. That also means, it is their responsibility to inform the investors about any problems or delays. Simple like that. But if I get no response at all or they are telling us always something else, then I'm allowed to say something. I'm also allowed to say what I'm thinking. And I think, they are not able to overcome the problems they have and they are afraid to tell us about it. Nobody would blame them if they would be honest. I think, nobody would be angry if they would have told us early about delays/problems or even if they would not be able to deliver (and for me it is looking like that). Now it is to late to hope that people are not pissed.. Greetings all. Just a comment on all this negativity that has been going on the last day or so... Maybe just maybe... you could knock it off? While a few details could be provided to direct questions by backers. And some requests have gone unanswered. I get this frustration. But have you ever tried to bring a new product to mass production? Most likely not. Do you know all the challenges and pitfalls involved? Probably no. Point is if months and months pass with no word or no wallet maybe then talk of lawsuits (of which I would not concern myself with anyway) could begin. At this point leave the negativity and naysaying elsewhere and give them a chance to fulfill. And from now on for the love of Sweetums monster (a muppet) shop only at a store that has an actual product on the shelf. This way those of us that actually are patient enough and willing to allow for human error or unknown pitfalls involved in a tech invention to get a finished project, a bit-o-peace. Thanks. Sascha, Kickstarter site FAQ's: Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfil. Does anyone know a way we can pursue this? I have a feeling I've been robbed! Agree with Anusch! Also, we may want to check to see that they aren't stealing our credit card info with the wallets themselves! With the poor responses and all-around lack of interest from this company, we should be wary of foul play. The cure for all this suspicion? Communicate effectively with the people who gave you money. Everybody, we might want to take into consideration that their plan was never to produce anything but steal 60.000$. If no answers are coming anytime soon we should collectively think about a law case! Unfortunately there is no way to claim the money back. I should have given it to people who are more responsible as these guys.. But you don't know it before.. I will not recommend the wallet at all. It does not matter how good it will be at the end. The behaviour of these guys is just stupid. Dear Dennis Ramsey: You sir had lifted my hopes and dreams, only to cruelly crush them as I finish reading your post. Sincerely This guy. Hey Guys I GOT MINE!!!! Just kidding. I'm Pessimistic :( @Ping or Lotus what ever you call yourself these days... Take note of the facts below: (you are set to EPICLY FAIL on the current road you're traveling) "Customers want personal and engaging experiences that develop into relationships. Much like the trials and rewards of personal relationships, when done right, brand relationships can grow into lifetime commitments. When done wrong, they can lead to painful breakups. The 2011 Customer Experience Impact (CEI) Report by RightNow (acquired by Oracle in March 2012) and conducted by Harris Interactive explores the relationship between consumers and brands. The report reveals facts about what consumers are looking for from a brand, how quickly they will dump a favorite brand, and their tendency to seek retribution after a breakup.  Happy consumers are willing to pay more. Positive engagements create long-standing, loyal relationships and this is so important to consumers that they are willing to pay for it. In fact, according to the CEI survey, 86 percent of consumers will pay more for a better customer experience.  Customer expectations are rarely met consistently. With only 1 percent of consumers feeling that their expectations for a good customer experience are always met, it is easy to see why the relationship between brands and consumers often flames out.  When expectations are not met, brands get dumped. Poor experiences are due to unmet expectations, leading consumers to take their business elsewhere. 89 percent of consumers began doing business with a competitor following a poor customer experience. 50 percent of consumers give a brand only one week to respond to a question before they stop doing business with them.  Bad experiences travel fast. After a poor customer experience, 26 percent of consumers posted a negative comment on a social networking site like Facebook or Twitter for hundreds, even thousands, of their friends and followers to see.  Most online complaints go ignored by the company. 79 percent of consumers who shared complaints about a poor customer experience online had their complaints ignored.  A simple response can make a tremendous difference. Of those customers who did get responses to complaints, more than 50 percent had positive reactions to the same company about which they were previously complaining. And 22 percent even posted a positive comment about the organization." Might report this one to my bank . . . Man! With this kind of communication it will be hell if any of us has issues to address with our wallets! Has anyone received theirs yet hmmm....and no response....for the third time....not surprised.... So when did you ship the first batch? Any tracking #? *crickets* I keep checking that mailbox.. Nada Maybe you should think about the following: The backers invested money to help you to build up a business. We are the people who will get the first wallets and spread the word. But with the way you are acting, means, lack of communication, telling us not the truth nor showing us any results, how can we trust you? You uploaded pictures of something, why not the final wallet? Makes absolutely no sense for me. I backed also another project that was funded end of December. They have already 19 official updates and they are also very active in the comments sections.. And you? Do you really think this is enough? Do you think, not answering open question or telling us in the updates every time something else will make you more trustful? Second, why should we recommend your product? How will be the service afterwards? Especially if I get a faulty product or if something breaks? Do you act in the same way? BTW is the final wallet properly tested? If so, how did you test it? Can you show us some results? How long will the bands last? How to replace them if they are broken? At the end service matters. And you showing us already how it will be.. Good to hear....so what does the final product look like. It has a back cover right as the stretch goal was reached. Also for the 3rd time I am asking, have you cleared up the failed payments issue? Have those backers with issues been contacted? Secondly, it seems not everyone got those cards during xmas...was this an oversight? Not that a card is necessary, but you said it was sent to all backers. What about those that didn't get one? I think its poor customer service not to address yr clients questions. I am sure I am not the only one with these questions. I think you owe us that much considering the delay. Thanks! @Ping Wallet So February has started and like you posted to be on the track this month will start the delivery of the wallet. Where is the Android App i can't see it anywhere as an Android App Developer no beta test or anything other out their?! Or is the delay in shipping due the iOS App update, so come on start shipping and no apologizes due any problems when you on schedule! I smelled something really fishy a while back and its even stronger now these guys have nothing to show and I think they actually have nothing. We want pictures! Agree with all of the below comments. It is also interesting to note that there is not even a single picture of production process or wallet they have showed us so far!! Please show us some pictures of wallet. Thanks This user's account has been deleted. In this sort of situation being direct and transparent is the only acceptable solution. Tell us what is wrong, when it will be fixed, and when the project will be shipped out. If apple is causing some sort of delay you get on them every hour of every day and demand a date of when the problems will be delt with. Enough with the vague passive dismissals. Be honest and direct with people who backed your dream and supported you from the beginning. I am deeply disappointed. This is by far the worst communication I have ever seen on any kickstarter project. You keep making promises, which you don't keep, and you keep putting us off with vague statements, which contradict each other. First it was "all ready, just waiting for approvals." Now it's "we are updating". It is acceptable to face delays on new projects. It is absolutely unacceptable to lie to or keep your investors in the dark. If you are late, own up to it and tell us. We will understand. But don't treat us as if we were stupid! Seriously!! By on track, do you mean the approval is completed?? I thought all work was done just waiting for approval.. Curious anyways. Hope to receive it soon No, nothing is well. And I'm not patient anymore. I want answers and I want to see the working wallet and app. But you're still not showing us anything. Again a useless comment, missing information. When in February? 29th? This is bullshit. And I don't trust you anymore as you are not giving us the information people asking for. Cool Ping team. I am looking forward to receiving mine. Take care. Next communication from the ping* team isn't until March I believe? I'm willing to bet it's not a delay with the app approval but a major glitch with there wallet that's why there not saying much I ordered two wallets. I'd love to know some kind of update with your approval process. What kind of approvals are you waiting for ? Just curious since I am anxiously waiting to show off these wallets! I know you were giving weekly updates, but it somehow slowed down to monthly updates. Any updates? When...when... Thanks for the update! Please give an update! We are all eagerly waiting for that wallet to arrive, yet we can wait another day or two if we at least knew what was going on (and what you are doing to mitigate existing issues) - When (date/days) will you start shipping? - What is currently holding you back from shipping ("App not in App Store" is no valid reason imho as at least the wallet would work as a wallet without any app) - Why are you posting updates so infrequently? Simple textual updates with actual facts and insights would make many people here very happy :( Thank you. What a cheek not to give any updates. I got nothing right now. No plastic card and no message. It's not a tragedy to need more time of production but you have to tell your customers! What card are people talking about? I've not received anything. Any idea on a shipping date? 26.12.2013 is last update. Please see below. Last Update from 07.12.2013 a month ago, so it is time for an UPDATE. Adding to my previous post: If you're not given frequent updates you think you're being scammed. Just relax and have a little faith that these people are doing their best to get you the best product they can. Also, I think they're also required to get CE approval (for all you EU customers) which can take an obscenely long time to get. What is it with backers wanting to be constantly stroked? You seem to think that if you're not given freq As John said, chill folks, chill. I for one liked the card. A way of letting us backers know we were not forgotten. If the product was pre- made I could see why people would be upset that it is not delivered yet. As we knew this was a work in progress, we should wait for the progress is over before we get ourselves in a tither. Chill folks, chill. 9 days since the last comment from you. What's your problem? Keyboard broken? You're acting like the guys from this project: <url>"but": the lack of communication. Nobody would have a problem with a delay, if it is communicated. This was not happening, instead you made a update and to be honest, you're not looking like someone who "did it". You're way to nervous in my opinion. And commenting you have to follow guidelines without any explanations, sorry, this is useless. Which guidelines? From whom? What happened? Why the delay? This needs to be answered. Everything else is useless. Communication is the key.. I have to say that I am a little frustrated and disappointed with the lack of communication with your backers. Giving false hope of a product is dirty and unprofessional. Taking money and not producing said product and providing empty promises of ship dates is just wrong. An update in all caps, tread lightly! Here is my chime in - correct verbage may vary. Link - 'all cards are done and just need to go to a testing phase and should ship out in a week' The week passes... nothing.... This is where you should post an update and say 'hey guys we have encountered a problem and are on top of it - there is a delay' will updated in a reasonable time. etc.... Obviously this Ross Carlson is a jack as* who cares about gift this is about communication updates etc. Very very stupid to send out plastic cards without an update. Yea some may see this as a shopping sites but I don't see the creators complaining after they accept these peoples money. Proper update I don't care about delays stating why is what all your backers want. We all want success here for these guys. So what is the real deal now? What is the real estimation? To Ross's comment. It's the fact that they released a video and post saying they did it. That's a lie. I don't mind when the final product is completed but don't tell me it's completed and ready for shipping when it's not. It's bad business. What if Apple came out with a new product and you pre-ordered it, then instead on getting what you ordered they sent you a plastic card without telling you that the real deal wasn't ready yet?! Put it this way, they wouldn't be in business. So to those at Link if the wallets not ready just let us know. I will have a lot more respect for you if you don't lie to me and all the others. We have given you are money because we believe in your dream and want you to succeed. Don't listen to these ungrateful morons. They seem to think KS is a bargain shopping center and have no clue what goes into bringing a product to market. The fact that some counted on these for presents for the holiday is laughable at best. Maybe they learned something but I highly doubt it. Take your time and release the product when it is ready. Merry Christmas. 25th Dec and nothing gotten here.. Really you just sent me a plastic card?! You said everything was ready. If it's not that's fine but don't send out a junk plastic card and say coming soon. Not sure who's idea that was but it's shit. Not happy!!!! These guys can't be serious just give a frigging update about what's going on even if there is a delay...gee how do you plan on running a business like this? Sweet got a card in the mail would of been nice if my wallet was there lol So I was uber excited today when I saw an envelope from *Link in my mailbox today...then kinda like my ex, it didn't live up to the hype and was extremely disappointing! When can we expect to actually receive our *Link Wallet? Did you guys just spend $450 in postage + printing of envelope / cards to send us a thick plastic card with the logo to tease us that our link* is on the way? :( To everybody who is getting to excited and is complaining... This would be one of the first projects to finish on time, delay is almost always to be expected when dealing with these projects, just try some patience... Everybody is doeing there best. To creators love to be seeing your product ! It's been 4 months since this was funded. When will they ship? I'm sure a lot of people anticipated giving or getting this as a Christmas gift, looks like we're going to be disappointed. Time for another update guys! What is manner of shipment? UPS, FEDEX, US Postal Service? And who are "you guys"? Had hoped to give as Christmas gift! Hello, Please respond to my email so I know you received my new shipping address.... Thank you, William Please a update. If your behind schedule let us know. Stop shutting us out. We would like to know in a timely manner not nothing in stretches in time An update would be nice. Did you send it out? If not, when will it happen? Thanks for the update. Just sent you a message with new shipping address since I have been deployed.. Thanks Is the wallet coming before Christmas? I´m expecting give the wallet as a Christmas gift to my wife. Thank you From your last post. Does this mean their shipping soon. This week coming up maybe ? Hopefully Monday Is the app finalized and certified for the wallet to be shipped? Thanks Not having heard anything, is it safe to assume we won't be getting this by Dec 15th, especially those of us in Canada? Thanks. WHEN DOES IT SHIP????? cannot wait! That was quiet an action packed update!.. Thanks guys. I can see that you all have been hard at work while we were all yelling for an update (Sorry :P). Just curious, since you have made quiet a few changes to the product, did it affect production in any way?.. Is Dec 15 still on?.. Guess I need to eat my hat or something after my previous comment. Thanks for the update. People wanting to know about the updates scroll down a little and read. ****it says there on track to be delivered december 15th****** Starting to get slightly frustrated. Would like an update. Thank you I'd also like to see some kind of update. The last official update was Oct. If it's not shipped right away I don't think anyone outside of the US will be getting this before Christmas. *side note: In my experience usually when a project goes silent it means there is an issue... Hello, isn't there any update?? Any updates? At least some kind of status? taking longer then expected? any kind of information would be helpful! Thank you :) Updates please Any updates on receiving this by the 15th? Hey guys.. what happen to the video update you promised?.. Will we be getting our Link* wallets before the 15th of December?.. Thanks! Good evening.. Hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving!! Just wondering if we are still on track for 15 Dec delivery.. I deploy on the 17th and would really like to have the wallet before I leave. Thank you in advance, William Are you planning to send a message (I know its hard to send many e-mails to all backers) when Ping will be shipped? Ty Thank you for the response! Really looking forward to receiving this amazing wallet. Glad to see latest comment but waiting on an update soon Would like to receive an update as to when we can expect our wallets to start shipping. I'm getting deployed soon, and would really like to have it with me. Thank you for your time and enjoy the holiday season. Will Any updates? I'm sure we'd all like an update on the status of things. Maybe some photos or something of procution. Thanks Any updates? I to will also like a key chain back will you send out an email for this option? just wondering if we could get a formal update? thanks You guys are great at keeping up on comments but more actual updates would be good. Can you update with production details and Shipping ETA. Thanks How looks it with CE certificate and minimal picture manual for Europe backer like from Germany where customs are very strict? Recently with other projects j have found it that bt4.0 seems to not be compatible with iPhone 4 is that the case with the bing/link? I was a bit shocked as I was under the impression that blue tooth was always backwards compatible. I chose a back with the keychain hole before I knew what it looked like and would like to change my selection to one without it. Can you all take care of that change for me? Why are the wallets for sale on your website for the same price we paid? You said that they would be listed for $79. Hello is there a way to repay without using amazon if you have already backed this project Nice play @ping :) @ping you had better address your last updates comment thread you have a slow boiling pot of angry building there. @ping you had better address your last updates comment thread you have a slow boiling pot of angry building there. Knowing the meaning in German of the Word "locus" I am surprised you kept the name for the App after changing the name of the Wallet. <url>#4 new name link. On the wallet were always a logo. But they decided first for goog and then bad name. Now it's a neutral name Link*. So the Logo is okay. Noone wants Locus on the wballet. I said it once, i'll say it again. No one wants a logo on their wallet. Please listen and do not ignore your backers!! I also think it s hard to complete survey without knowing what the key chain looks like. Thankyou for a great job! This user's account has been deleted. Since I spend a lot of time in Germany/German-speaking countries, please no Locus on my Wallet :) Just got a reminder to reply to your survey but the pics don't seem to be up yet. Locus, you kiddin' me? - That's like a German brand that called its icecream "Prick". No print of your name on my wallet, please. :) And what's that question regarding a keychain? +1 request for picture so we can complete the survey for you guys ;) thanks! Got another reminder to complete shipping info today and keychain option but no picture to see what I prefer. Please post picture with and without keychain. Thank you I, too, wish for only the star to be on the wallet. And I, too, am eager to see a picture with the keychain. Need to see back plate with and without keychain hole. Also, there is no colors choices, for the plate and bands on the survey? This user's account has been deleted. I am also waiting for the picture showing the keychain before filling the survey. Can you update us. Thanks I'd also like to get mine blank, if possible? Like other backers have asked, is it possible to have to wallet without Locus on and just leave it blank or only have the star on it? This will probably work to remove the branding. <url>„Ort der Notdurft“ english: "place of nature calls." @Ping Wallet The link must be www.locuswallet.com Please let my wallet blank, the word locus (latin) (lokus Please translate with google translator) in German another word for toilet and comes out latin. Another thing there is an App called Locus Map. Leave it for German Backer or me please blank or only the star. Can we see how the back with keychain option would look like? Is it possible to have two different color bands? Hello, how can I order more wallets? Thank you V @Ping Wallet is it possible to change to with keychain? This user's account has been deleted. I would also love to see what the keychain looks like before responding to the survey :) Thanks! Not to beat a dead horse, but it would be great if we could see what the keychain looks like before we fill in the shipping info. Also, is it possible to share the color swatches (or close approximation?) You may have done that already, so excuse me for asking if so! Since we missed the mark on the RFID back by less than a 1000$, how do we get one since it wasn't an option to back? And is the RFID back the same color as the rest of the wallet? Follow-up question to Jason's: how long do we have to respond to survey regarding Keychain? And is it removable? Awesome that you guys (and gals) are even considering the Option :) Will the keychain be removable? Got the survey, asking about the keychain. Is it possible to see what it looks like with the chain, and is the chain removable? Got the survey, asking about the keychain. Is it possible to see what it looks like with the chain, and is the chain removable? congratulations guys! any ideas when the surveys will be sent out? also, I pledged for a coloured ping, will the back cover be coloured as well or will it be grey? Just have $970 to get to the goal. Any keychain giving out to backers? Makes me sad to see you guys missed the last goal by less than $1,000 but I'm still happy it got funded and can not wait to start using it! Congratulations! Congrats :) Nearly made the 3rd goal too. Looking forward to receiving my Ping Wallet. Congrats! So now we get the back cover too right? :) Can't wait for this. Congrats! Thanks I can't wait to get mine! @Sherrick Can I recharge the battery? The battery in Ping* is not rechargeable but can last up to 2 years. Can I replace the battery? Yes. We will be selling a battery replacement kit on our web site ( www.pingwallet.com ) for a very small fee. Is the battery on this rechargeable? CNET is saying after two years it has to be replaced for a 'small fee'? Still have $ 2,367, to reach $ 60,000 goal Don't forget CE and Battery Waste label and User manual in Germany or with pictures for everyone. Else it have to look without technology. Hi just a quick question, Im backing the project but i recently lost my debit card, I now have a new one and I've changed over the details on my amazon account, will my pledge still go through? Excellent project, and awesome communications! Any hope of app coming for BlackBerry 10? Just backed the Ping wallet... Being Active Duty Air Force, we are always on call.. We need to pack light and know where everything is and ready to roll at a moments notice. To often, I'm always looking for my wallet and twice have left my CC at a restaurant or bar on a deployment.. I have sent this link out to the rest of my squadron to try and generate more backers! Wonderful idea, looking forward to receiving mine!! Thanks. That was really a quick response!! I will wait for you to upload more pictures showing the back cover along with the wallet - possibly with keychain. Can you add a picture to show how the Ping wallet looks with front and back RFID cover along with the keychain? Thanks @sigh....ping team... I am not asking a question or for you to attain cloud protocol compliance....I am not. (Be great if you do just not the point of my last two posts). I am offering to all the readers and backers that suffer from the same issue simonski described that via a web enabled laptop or computer one can find there phone and then via there phone they can locate their ping. And if you guys do get to the keys also awesome but if you don't I'm suggesting that persons suffering from WAMK(where are my keys) personally make a choice to tether their keys to there ping. Will the survey include shipping address? My billing address isn't the same as shipping. Btw can't wait to receive the Ping Wallet. Hi, In which moment should I choose the colors? Are you going to contact anyone that has this possibility? Thank you Marcelo Hi, I had made a pledge for a colored item, but I would like to pledge to one of the grey ones as well. Do I just add the amount to my pledge and fill in the survey after? I know there's plenty of the grey ones right now, but just curious what would happen if they ran out. Thanks. Congratulations with the extra fundings ! The reason I'm such a fan of being able to ping my phone with my wallet is that all too frequently I realise I don't know where my wallet/phone is just before I need to leave the house. I thought I left it on the bench/table/couch?! So as long as I can grab one and locate the other I'll be idiot-proof ;) Almost got the stretch goal !!!!! @ping if you manage to incorporate cloud to find the wallet awesome I was illustrating that even without you making that happen so long as you can find your phone via iCloud or similar service (independent of the awesome ping) you can find your ping because once you find your phone via cloud support you can use your phone to locate your ping. And as such if you have your keys(part of most people's every day carry) tethered to your ping you can find thous as well. It's a work around to you not being able to make the ping cloud compliant:) YESSSSSSSSSSS! AWESOME! And if you idea physical lanyard you can't tether your keys to the ping and never loose you stuff agains. This is designed for iOS devices so let's say up miss place your phone and wallet in two different locations you can use find my iPhone via I cloud to find your phone then your phone to locate your ping:) Thanks for describing how I can use the Ping app on my phone to find my Ping wallet. Does it work in reverse? Can I use the WALLET to locate my PHONE? Hi, I believe I can find Ping using my phone. I am wondering if it is possible to work the other way around? Still a great product even if it doesn't work that way. Thank you. can you describe to me how I will be able to use Ping to locate my phone if I've misplaced it in my house, car, friends house? I am really glad to see this is gonna happen. After watching another idea using this tech flop. I'm exited that this one has not, and very curious about the stretch goal of the key chain what is it just a whole in the ping for attaching keys or will it be a separate unit Using the same tech? Made the goal !!!! Congratulations !!! Super, upgraded my pledge, want the RFID back too. So if everybody upgrades there plege it will come toooooo !!! Proud to be the backer to take the pledge goal over $30,000. Good luck! You say the RFID back option will be available but how would one go about getting it? Will you ask us after the kickstarter is over or will we have to purchase it completely separate from this campaign? should I cancel my pledge and just repledge once I get my new card setup with Amazon? awesome.thanks . another ? my wallet and lunch box was stolen yesterday out of our work truck and I have a new card coming from my bank any I ideas how to change my pledge card will this be able to with stand heat? I work asphalt and am concerned about the heat through out the day of this being in my pocket So will Ping be able to locate my phone? Any chance of there being a Gold Version.. You know, to match those new iphones? Also, what color will the logo be on the black version? Is there anyway to get one without a logo or making it smaller? I love the concept but dont want a luxury wallet to have any logo on it :( I'm planing on putting my ping inside my multi when it arrives can you see any issue with signal by doing this? Please when sending internationally mark as a commercial sample or gift. otherwise we will get stung with an extra 20% tax plus a $10 admin fee. Thanks. Does anyone at *Ping have a name? What's GSP If for whatever reason we don't make the stretch goal, will you add the option to purchase the RFID back? Hey Hello, could you attach a key ring? you know smart keys. Just a quick question. Will the RFID blocker be part of all ping wallets? Or will it be just a selected special order? And if so, if it is available through this kickstarter before the end of it, will people who have already backed this kickstarter be able to upgrade to that option? This wallet is a great idea! Already backed! Thank you. So I'm hoping the feature of using the wallet to find the phone is like maybe the frequency between pings rises to almost a tone as you get closer to your phone. It'd be just like that scene in Aliens when Ripley finds Newts tracker bracelet, just before the Aliens start attacking Newt and Ripley busts in to save the day! Yeah I'd feel like a hero every time if it had that feature. You can only underestimate how awesome I think this is: a stylish wallet and phone that can keep track of each other. This is something I've been dreaming about for about 20 years but had no idea how to implement, it was just a wish. I wish my keys, wallet and phone could find each other! This is one of those inventions where I turn to my mates and say, "This makes me feel like I'm living in the future!" So of course I pledged! Best of luck with promotion! If i may, i would maybe think about using NFC as the proximity sensor. as it has a shorter range than BT. Image walking in NYC & someone swipes your wallet. with the Range that BT has, it would be to late to find the perp by the time the proximity alarm went off. just a thought. Understandably that NFC posses other factors but ...yeah Question - The card removal alert is great. Would it be possible to put a delay on this feature? Like if card is removed from wallet > delay notification for x time? This could be really annoying when you're paying at a restaurant. Suggestions - Location services would be great! Example, when you get home or to your office the notifications are turned off, however if you leave home without your wallet it you will get a notification. My home and office are large, I do not want to keep turning on and off notifications. Also, i was very close to not backing this kickstarter. I would suggest maybe making a new and longer video showing the product in more detail as well as using more scenarios as to how this wallet can be utilized. Maybe take a queue from Lockitron! Thanks :) Love it! Backed!! I just backed the project. :D I'm just worried about the money bills falling out. It looks like the only thing holding them along with the cards are just the straps. Im with sarah and chris!! Hopefully there'll be rfid!! With Chris on the RFID blocking. This is a must for me. Seems little point in having all these alarms if someone can just simply scan my wallet to gain access to my cards. Will the design incorporate RFID blocking? Ok well that's good to know and thanks for the quick response too. My other question is with the battery, it last for up to 2 years but what happens when the 2 years are up and the battery dies? Is there a way to replace it? And since its a custom battery that seems like it might be expensive to replace as well. Also I'm not sure if the design that you guys have is completely set but maybe as a stretch goal would it be possible to do something to allow for RFID blocking. I'm currently backing another wallet project on kickstarter for the actual wallet but I'm on the fence and may switch to this. The RFID blocking would definitely tip me right over and I'd definitely spread the word like crazy because I know a lot of people who would love that idea as well. With the combination of the RFID this in my opinion would be the absolute perfect minimalist wallet system to have I love the idea of this project because my biggest problem is leaving my wallet in my car and going into a store and shopping and then realizing at checkout that my wallet is in my car. The only question I have is why didn't u make it at least the size if a credit card in height? I mean, wallets are used to store our money and credit cards but they are also to protect them from bending and getting ruined in our pocket. This will do that to an extent for the length of the credit card but then the top part sticks out. Plus with the extra size you could have maybe put more components in it like an even bigger battery to make it last even longer. Just a thought I guess. I backed it but I'd back it for an actual wallet if I knew felt it would really protect my cards as well